--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES BASE PROSPECTUS 
DATED 29 JUNE 2023 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. 
(incorporated in the Netherlands) 
(as Issuer) 
BNP Paribas 
(incorporated in France) 
(as Issuer and Guarantor) 
Base Prospectus for the issue of Warrants and Certificates 
 
This document (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus in respect of Warrants and Certificates 
issued under the Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme of BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. ("BNPP B.V.") and 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP") (the "Programme").  Any W&C Securities (as defined below) issued on or after the date 
of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Final Terms referencing this Base Prospectus are issued subject to the 
provisions herein.  This does not affect any W&C Securities issued before the date of this Base Prospectus.  This 
Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017, as amended.  This Base Prospectus 
received approval no. 23-256 on 29 June 2023 from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and will be 
valid for a period of one year following the date of its approval by the AMF.  The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.   
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the AMF in France as competent authority under 
the Prospectus Regulation.  The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation.  Approval by the AMF 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or the Guarantor (each as defined below) or of the 
quality of the W&C Securities.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the W&C Securities. 
Upon such approval, application may be made for securities issued under the Programme during a period of 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or a 
Regulated Market (as defined below) in another Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA").  
Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (each such regulated market being a "Regulated Market").  Reference in this Base 
Prospectus to W&C Securities being "listed" (and all related references) shall mean that such W&C Securities 
have been listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or, as the case may be, a Regulated Market (including 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (including the professional segment of the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange)) or on such other or further stock exchange(s) as the relevant Issuer 
may decide. Each Issuer may also issue unlisted W&C Securities.  The applicable Final Terms (as defined below) 
will specify whether or not W&C Securities are to be listed and admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant 
Regulated Market or other or further stock exchange(s).   
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to W&C Securities which 
are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than 
in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") only

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
applies to W&C Securities which are admitted to trading on a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other 
than in circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the FSMA. 
Each Issuer may issue W&C Securities for which no prospectus is required to be published under (i) the Prospectus 
Regulation and/or (ii) Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus Regulation"), as the case may be ("Exempt Securities") under this Base 
Prospectus. See "Exempt Securities" in the "Overview of this Base Prospectus" section below. The AMF has 
neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt 
Securities.  
Under the Programme each of BNPP B.V. and BNPP (the "Issuers" and each an "Issuer"), may from time to time 
issue, inter alia, warrants ("Warrants") or certificates ("Certificates" and, together with the Warrants, "W&C 
Securities") of any kind including, but not limited to, W&C Securities relating to a specified index or a basket of 
indices, a specified share (including two or more shares which are attached to each other so that they trade as a 
single unit ("Stapled Shares"), global depositary receipt ("GDR") or American depositary receipt ("ADR") or a 
basket of shares (including Stapled Shares), ADRs and/or GDRs, a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, 
an exchange traded note, an exchange traded commodity or other exchange traded product (each an "exchange 
traded instrument") or a basket of interests in exchange traded instruments, a specified debt instrument or a 
basket of debt instruments, a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units, a specified entity or 
entities and any other types of W&C Securities including hybrid W&C Securities whereby the underlying asset(s) 
may be any combination of such indices, shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt, fund shares or 
units, or other asset classes or types.  Each issue of the W&C Securities will be issued on the terms set out herein 
which are relevant to such W&C Securities under "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities" (the "Security 
Conditions" or the "Conditions").  Notice of, inter alia, the specific designation of the W&C Securities the 
number and type of the W&C Securities, the date of issue of the W&C Securities, the issue price (if applicable), 
the underlying asset, index, fund, or other item(s) to which the W&C Securities relate, the exercise period or date 
(in the case of Warrants), the redemption date (in the case of Certificates), whether they are interest bearing, partly 
paid, redeemable in instalments (in the case of Certificates), exercisable (on one or more exercise dates) (in the 
case of Certificates), whether the W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United States and certain other terms 
relating to the offering and sale of the W&C Securities will be set out in a final terms document (the "Final 
Terms") which may be issued for more than one series of W&C Securities and will be filed with the AMF.  Copies 
of Final Terms in relation to W&C Securities to be listed on Euronext Paris will also be published on the website 
of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  References herein to the Final Terms may include, in the case of U.S. 
Securities (as defined below), (x) a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or (y) a prospectus.   
W&C Securities related to a specified interest in an exchange traded instrument or basket of interests in exchange 
traded instruments, a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units or hybrid W&C Securities 
related to any of these asset classes or any commodity or commodity interest regulated by the United States 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), may not at any time be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, 
pledged, exercised (in the case of Warrants), settled or redeemed (in the case of Certificates), transferred or 
delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, by or for the account or benefit of, persons that are (i) 
a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"); or (ii) a person other than 
a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, 
as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"); or (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance 
and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the 
final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, 
modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. 
person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity 
Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person"), unless expressly provided for pursuant to any applicable U.S. 
wrapper to the Base Prospectus.  Any such applicable U.S. wrapper may restrict the types of W&C Securities that 
can be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered and the terms of 
such W&C Securities. 
Neither the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") nor any state securities commission 
has approved or disapproved of these securities or passed upon the accuracy of this prospectus.  Any representation 
to the contrary is a criminal offence.  W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. will be guaranteed by BNP Paribas 
(in such capacity, the "Guarantor") pursuant to a Deed of Guarantee (the "Guarantee"), the form of which is set 
out herein.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Except in the case of U.S. Securities, each of BNPP B.V. and BNPP has a right of substitution as set out herein. 
In the event that either BNPP B.V. or BNPP exercises its right of substitution, a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
will be published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of BNPP (https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/resourceindex.htm). 
Each issue of W&C Securities will entitle the holder thereof on due exercise (in the case of Warrants) or on the 
Instalment Date(s) and/or the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) (or, in the case of Multiple Exercise 
Certificates, each Exercise Settlement Date) to receive a cash amount (if any) calculated in accordance with the 
relevant terms, all as set forth herein and in the applicable Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference" below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall, unless otherwise defined, have the meanings set forth in the 
Conditions. 
Prospective purchasers of W&C Securities should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant 
W&C Securities and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the 
relevant W&C Securities as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition.  
W&C Securities are complex financial instruments and involve a high degree of risk and potential investors 
should be prepared to sustain a total loss of the purchase price of their W&C Securities.  There are 
significant risks associated with holding W&C Securities, including risks in relation to the circumstances 
in which W&C Securities may be written down or converted to ordinary shares and the implications on 
prospective purchasers of W&C Securities (such as a substantial loss). The circumstances in which such 
prospective purchasers may suffer loss as a result of holding W&C Securities are difficult to predict and 
the quantum of any loss incurred by investors in such circumstances is also highly uncertain.  For more 
information, see "Risks" on pages 15 to 34. 
Unless otherwise permitted under the securities laws of Hong Kong, the W&C Securities should only be 
offered or sold to investors in Hong Kong in the primary or secondary markets if they are professional 
investors (as such term is defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) 
and its subsidiary legislation, "Professional Investors") and understand the risks involved. 
In particular, the W&C Securities and the Guarantee have not been, and will not be, registered under the 
United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any other applicable U.S. state 
securities laws and trading in the W&C Securities has not been approved by the CFTC under the 
Commodity Exchange Act.  Neither Issuer has registered as an investment company pursuant to the United 
States Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Company Act").  Unless such 
Securities are U.S. Securities as specified in the applicable Final Terms, the W&C Securities are being 
offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S.  No W&C Securities of such series, or interests therein, may 
at any time be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, persons that are (i) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in 
Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act; (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive 
Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by 
the CFTC or (b) the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and 
Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the 
CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity 
Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations 
or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person"). Any offer, 
sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, transfer or delivery made, directly or indirectly, within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised.  The W&C Securities of such 
series may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person (as defined in the "Offering 
and Sale" section below) and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC regulations and guidance. 
Certain issues of W&C Securities may also be offered and sold in the United States to persons reasonably 
believed to be in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, a qualified institutional buyer (“QIB”), as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A"), and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by 
BNPP B.V., a QIB who is also a qualified purchaser (“QP”) as defined under the Investment Company Act.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
Each purchaser of U.S. Securities within the United States is hereby notified that the offer and sale of such 
Securities is being made in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
For a description of certain further restrictions on offers and sales of the W&C Securities and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see "Offering and Sale" below. 
U.S. Securities will, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, be sold through BNP Paribas Securities Corp., 
a registered broker-dealer.  See the Conditions below. 
The Issuers have requested the AMF, in accordance with Article 25(1) of the Prospectus Regulation, to provide 
the competent authorities in Luxembourg with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been 
drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms specify that W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United States 
("U.S. Warrants" or "U.S. Certificates", as the case may be, and together, the "U.S. Securities"), (A) the W&C 
Securities sold in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by 
BNPP, a QIB, under Rule 144A and, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., a QIB who is also a QP, 
will be represented by one or more global Securities (each, a "Rule 144A Global Security") issued and deposited 
with (1) a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or 
(2) a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") or Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or any other relevant clearing system and (B) W&C Securities sold outside 
the United States to non-U.S. persons will be represented by one or more global Securities (each, a "Regulation 
S Global Security") issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or any other relevant clearing system and may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by 
any U.S. person.  In the event that the Final Terms do not specify that W&C Securities are eligible for sale within 
the United States or to U.S. persons, the W&C Securities offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. 
persons may not be legally or beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and will be represented by a 
Clearing System Global Security or a Registered Global Security, as the case may be. Such U.S. Securities will 
be subject to additional restrictions as set forth in the applicable U.S. wrapper to the Base Prospectus, including 
restrictions on the types of W&C Securities that can be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised, 
redeemed, transferred or delivered and the terms of such Securities. 
The securities described in this Base Prospectus may only be offered in the Netherlands to Qualified Investors (as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation). 
BNPP B.V.'s long-term credit rating is A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("Standard 
& Poor's")) and BNPP B.V.'s short term credit rating is A-1 (Standard & Poor's). BNPP's long-term credit ratings 
are A+ with a stable outlook (Standard & Poor's), Aa3 with a stable outlook (Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
("Moody's")), AA- with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch")) (which is the long-term rating 
assigned to BNPP's senior preferred debt by Fitch) and AA (low) with a stable outlook (DBRS Rating GmbH 
("DBRS Morningstar")) and BNPP's short-term credit ratings are A-1 (Standard & Poor's), P-1 (Moody's), F1+ 
(Fitch) and R-1 (middle) (DBRS Morningstar). Each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS Morningstar is 
established in the European Union and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
"CRA Regulation"). The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's France SAS ("Moody’s 
France") in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Moody's France is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation. As such each of Standard & Poor's, Fitch, DBRS Morningstar and Moody’s 
France is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation. Moody's is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). Moody’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct Authority on its website (https://register.fca.org.uk) in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. None 
of Standard & Poor's, Fitch or DBRS Morningstar are established in the United Kingdom and have not applied 
for registration under the UK CRA Regulation. To the extent that the ratings issued by Standard &Poor's, Fitch 
and DBRS Morningstar have been endorsed by a credit rating agency that is established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, the ratings issued by Standard & Poor's, Fitch and DBRS 
Morningstar may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. W&C Securities issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.   
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or 
amended from time to time (the "SFA") – Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect 
of any W&C Securities, all W&C Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be capital markets

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
Guidance under the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (the "HKMA") circular - In October 2018, the HKMA 
issued a circular regarding enhanced investor protection measures on the sale and distribution of debt instruments 
with loss-absorption features and related products (the "HKMA Circular"). Under the HKMA Circular, debt 
instruments with loss-absorption features, being subject to the possibility of being written-down or converted to 
ordinary shares, and investment products that invest mainly in, or whose returns are closely linked to the 
performance of such instruments (together, "Loss-Absorption Products"), may only be offered to professional 
investors (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571, Laws of Hong Kong) and its subsidiary 
legislation, "Professional Investors") in Hong Kong. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
respect of any W&C Securities, all W&C Securities issued or to be issued under the Programme may contain loss-
absorption features and may be considered Loss-Absorption Products under the HKMA Circular. Investors in 
Hong Kong should not purchase W&C Securities with loss-absorption features unless they are Professional 
Investors and understand the risks involved. Such W&C Securities are generally not suitable for retail 
investors in Hong Kong in either the primary or the secondary markets. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" 
as applicable, the W&C Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in (i) the EEA, unless a key information 
document will be made available (if required) in the EEA jurisdiction(s) in which the W&C Securities are offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to such retail investor(s) and/or, as applicable, (ii) the United Kingdom (the 
"UK"), unless a key information document will be made available (if required) in the UK. If the Final Terms in 
respect of any W&C Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of 
Sales to UK Retail Investors" as not applicable, the W&C Securities may be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the EEA and/or in the UK, provided that, where a key information document is 
required pursuant to the PRIIPs Regulation or the UK PRIIPs Regulation (each as defined below), as the case may 
be, the W&C Securities may only be offered, sold or otherwise made available to retail investors in (i) the EEA 
in in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available and/or, as applicable, (ii) in 
the UK if a key information document will be made available in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of:  
(a) 
in the case of retail investors in the EEA: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
in the case of retail investors in the UK:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;  
(ii) 
(a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, no key information document required by:  
(a) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the W&C Securities 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared, other than in respect 
of the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document will be made available, and therefore offering

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
or selling the W&C Securities or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation; and  
(b) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the W&C Securities or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared, and therefore, offering or selling the W&C Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the W&C Securities may be calculated by reference to one or more "benchmarks" for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as 
amended (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final 
Terms as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the "benchmark" is included in ESMA's register of 
administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Certain "benchmarks" may either (i) not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 or (ii) transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other "benchmarks", which would otherwise be in 
scope, such that at the date of the applicable Final Terms, the administrator of the "benchmark" is not required to 
be included in the register of administrators.  
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities will include 
a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the W&C Securities and which channels for distribution of the W&C Securities are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the W&C Securities (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the W&C Securities (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance/target market assessment" which will outline the target 
market assessment in respect of the W&C Securities and which channels for distribution of the W&C Securities 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the W&C Securities (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the W&C 
Securities (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Page 
Overview of this Base Prospectus ........................................................................................................... 8 
Risks 15 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................. 35 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................ 43 
Available Information ........................................................................................................................... 47 
Forward-Looking Statements ................................................................................................................ 47 
Presentation of Financial Information................................................................................................... 47 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................................................................................................. 48 
[Form of] Final Terms for W&C Securities .......................................................................................... 69 
Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities .................................................................................... 106 
ANNEX 1 Additional Terms and Conditions For Payouts .................................................... 178 
ANNEX 2 Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Securities ........................................ 186 
ANNEX 3 Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities ........................................ 195 
ANNEX 4 Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities .......................................... 210 
ANNEX 5 Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities ......................................... 226 
ANNEX 6 Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Securities ........................................ 228 
ANNEX 7 Additional Terms and Conditions for Market Access Securities ......................... 240 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................... 249 
FORM OF GUARANTEE .................................................................................................................. 250 
FORM OF THE W&C SECURITIES ................................................................................................ 256 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. ......................................................................................................... 257 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP ................................................................................................................. 262 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS ....................................................................................... 263 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS ................................................................................................................ 263 
Taxation .............................................................................................................................................. 267 
FRENCH TAXATION ....................................................................................................................... 268 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION ............................................................................................ 270 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING ......................................................................... 280 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ............................................................................................... 282 
OTHER TAXATION .......................................................................................................................... 283 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS ..... 284 
Notice to Purchasers and Holders of U.S. Securities and Transfer Restrictions ................................. 286 
Offering and Sale ................................................................................................................................ 294 
General Information ............................................................................................................................ 308 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF W&C SECURITIES
 ............................................................................................................................................... 317 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT .................................................................................................... 320

--- Page 8 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
8 
 
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of W&C Securities, the applicable Final Terms.   
This overview constitutes a general description of this Base Prospectus for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended (the "Delegated 
Regulation"). 
Words and expressions defined in the "Form of the W&C Securities" and "Terms and Conditions of the W&C 
Securities" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuers 
BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. ("BNPP B.V.") 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 7245009UXRIGIRYOBR48 
 
BNP Paribas ("BNPP" and, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the 
"Group" or "BNP Paribas Group"). 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83 
Guarantor 
BNP Paribas 
Risk Factors 
There are certain factors that may affect the relevant Issuer's ability to fulfil 
its obligations under W&C Securities issued under this Base Prospectus.  
In the case of W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V., there are also certain 
factors that may affect the Guarantor's ability to fulfil its obligations under 
the Guarantee.  In addition, there are certain factors which are material for 
the purpose of assessing the market risks and legal risks associated with 
W&C Securities issued under the Programme, risks relating to the 
structure of a particular Series of W&C Securities and risks relating to the 
Underlying Reference or the disruption and adjustment provisions of a 
particular Series of W&C Securities issued under the Programme.  All of 
these are set out under "Risks". Additional considerations associated with 
an investment in the W&C Securities are also set out under "Investment 
Considerations". 
Description 
of 
the 
W&C 
Securities under this Base 
Prospectus 
Cash settled warrants ("Warrants") and certificates ("Certificates" and, 
together with the Warrants, "W&C Securities") issued under this Base 
Prospectus.  
Certain Restrictions 
Each issue of W&C Securities denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Offering and Sale"). 
Form of W&C Securities 
Certificates are represented by (i) a Permanent Global Certificate, (ii) a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate, (iii) a Regulation S Global Certificate, (iv) 
certificates in registered form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Except as provided in the limited circumstances set out in the Conditions,

--- Page 9 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
9 
 
no Certificates in definitive form will be issued. 
 W&C Securities 
W&C Securities may be issued as:  
 
(a) 
Index Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to an 
Index or a Basket of Indices (or index futures or options 
contracts); 
 
(b) 
Share Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to a 
Share (or a Stapled Share) or a Basket of Shares (which may be 
comprised of one or more Stapled Shares); 
 
(c) 
ETI Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to an 
ETI Interest or a Basket of ETI Interests; 
 
(d) 
Debt Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to a 
Debt Instrument or a Basket of Debt Instruments (or debt futures 
or options contracts); 
 
(e) 
Fund Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to a 
Fund or a Basket of Funds; and 
 
(f) 
Hybrid Securities, where the amount payable on redemption or 
exercise of the W&C Securities is determined by reference to any 
combination of any Indices, Shares, ETI Interests, Debt 
Instruments, Funds and other asset classes or types. 
Redemption/Exercise 
The terms under which W&C Securities may be redeemed or exercised 
(including the redemption date or exercise date and related settlement date 
and the amount payable or deliverable on redemption or exercise as well 
as any provisions relating to early redemption or cancellation) will be 
determined by the Issuer at the time of issue of the relevant W&C 
Securities, specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if applicable, 
summarised in the relevant issue specific summary annexed to the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
W&C Securities may be redeemed or cancelled early if the performance 
of the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities has become illegal or 
by reason of force majeure or act of state it becomes impossible or 
impracticable for the Issuer to perform its obligations under the W&C 
Securities and/or any related hedging arrangements.  If specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, W&C Securities may be redeemed early at the 
option of the Issuer or at the option of the Holders at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.   
 
The W&C Securities may also be redeemed early following the occurrence 
of certain disruption, adjustment, extraordinary or other events.  If Payout

--- Page 10 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10 
 
Switch Election or Automatic Payout Switch is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the amount payable or deliverable on redemption or exercise 
may be switched from one amount payable or deliverable to another. 
Interest 
The W&C Securities do not bear or pay interest.  
Payout Methodology 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled (in the case of 
Certificates) or cancelled (in the case of Warrants), each W&C Security 
entitles its holder to receive from the relevant Issuer: 
 
(a) 
In respect of a Redemption Date or an Exercise Date, the Cash 
Settlement Amount (see Conditions 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) 
and 27 (Definitions) and Payout Condition 1), being an amount 
equal to the Final Payout specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
(b) 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms and an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount (see 
Condition 31.7 (Automatic Early Redemption (Certificates)) and 
Payout Condition 2). 
 
(c) 
If an Issuer Call Option or Holder Put Option is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (see Conditions 31.2 (Issuer Call Option) 
and 31.3 (Holder Put Option) and Payout Condition 1(a)). 
 
The terms of a Series of W&C Securities are comprised of (i) the 
Conditions, (ii) the Annex relevant to the relevant Underlying References 
and (iii) if selected in the applicable Final Terms, the Payout(s) selected 
from Annex 1 to the Conditions (the "Payout Annex") specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and the related variables specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (including the relevant valuation provisions) for such 
Payout(s) (as selected from the Payout Annex). 
 
Investors must review the Conditions, the Annex relevant to the 
relevant Underlying Reference and the Payout Annex, together with 
the applicable Final Terms to ascertain the terms and conditions 
applicable to the W&C Securities.  
Final Payouts 
The below Final Payout represents a vanilla product that has a fixed term 
and a potential to have zero payout at maturity under the worst case 
scenario: 
(1) Listed Securities Final Payout: Fixed term products which have a 
return linked to a linear performance of the Underlying Reference. There 
is no capital protection. 
 
(2) Short Certificates Final Payout: Fixed term products which have a 
return linked to the inverse of the linear performance of the Underlying 
Reference. There is no capital protection.

--- Page 11 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
11 
 
 
(3) Out-Performance Certificates Final Payout: Fixed term products 
which have a return linked to a linear performance of the Underlying 
Reference. An Outperformance Bonus is delivered as well. There is no 
capital protection. 
 
(4) Turbo Certificates Final Payout and Short Turbo Certificates 
Final Payout: Fixed term products which have a return linked to a non-
linear performance of the Underlying Reference, which is based on the 
application of an adjustment factor to the performance of the Underlying 
Reference. There is no capital protection. 
 
(5) Listed Securities on Single Underlying Final Payout: Fixed term 
products which have a return linked to a linear performance of the 
Underlying Reference, adjusted by a FX factor. There is no capital 
protection. 
Automatic Early Redemption 
If an Automatic Early Redemption Event, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, occurs, the W&C Securities will be redeemed early at the 
Automatic Early Redemption Amount on the Automatic Early 
Redemption Date. 
 
In the case of Certificates, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount will 
be equal to the Automatic Early Redemption Payout specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Automatic Early Redemption Payouts 
(1) Short Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout  
(2) Out-Performance Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
(3) Turbo Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
(4) Short Turbo Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
Taxation 
The Holder must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses arising from the 
exercise and settlement or redemption of the W&C Securities.  The Issuer 
shall deduct from amounts payable to Holders certain taxes and expenses 
not previously deducted from amounts paid to Holders, as the Calculation 
Agent determines are attributable to the W&C Securities. 
 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment or other laws and 
regulations to which the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable), the 
relevant Security Agent and the Registrar (in the case of Registered 
Securities) are subject, (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant 
to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, and (iii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code.

--- Page 12 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
12 
 
 
In addition, if the W&C Securities are deemed to be "specified securities" 
for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount 
of withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the 
Code imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the W&C 
Securities, the Issuer shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend 
equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 871(m) of the 
Code) at a rate of 30 per cent. 
 
Payments on the W&C Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index 
that includes U.S. securities may be calculated by reference to the net 
dividends payable on such U.S. securities or net total returns of the U.S. 
components of such index. In calculating the relevant payment amount, the 
Issuer may withhold, and the holder may be deemed to have received, 30 
per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" payments (as defined in Section 
871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities or U.S. 
dividend paying index components, as the case may be. The Issuer will not 
pay any additional amounts to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) 
amount deemed withheld. 
Negative Pledge 
The terms of the W&C Securities will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Events of Default 
The terms of the W&C Securities will not contain events of default.   
Governing Law 
The W&C Securities, the Agency Agreement (as amended or 
supplemented from time to time), the related Guarantee in respect of the 
W&C Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the W&C Securities, the Agency Agreement (as amended 
or supplemented from time to time) and the Guarantee in respect of the 
W&C Securities will be governed by and shall be construed in accordance 
with English law.  
Status 
In the case of W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V.: 
 
The W&C Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves.  
 
In the case of W&C Securities issued by BNPP: 
 
The W&C Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves.  The term "unsubordinated 
obligations" refers to senior preferred obligations which fall or are 
expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in Article 
L.613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et financier.  Additionally, 
BNPP may not issue senior non-preferred securities pursuant to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Guarantee 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. will be unconditionally and 
irrevocably guaranteed by BNPP pursuant to an English law deed of 
guarantee executed by BNPP on or around 31 May 2023.  The obligations 
under the guarantee are senior preferred obligations (within the meaning

--- Page 13 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
13 
 
of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and 
unsecured obligations of BNPP and will rank pari passu with all its other 
present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to 
such exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law.   
 
In the event of a bail-in of BNPP but not BNPP B.V., the obligations and/or 
amounts owed by BNPP under the guarantee shall be reduced to reflect 
any such modification or reduction applied to liabilities of BNPP resulting 
from the application of a bail-in of BNPP by any relevant regulator 
(including in a situation where the guarantee itself is not the subject of such 
bail-in). 
Ratings 
BNPP B.V.'s long term credit rating is A+ with a stable outlook (S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited) and BNPP B.V.'s short term credit rating 
is A-1 (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited). 
 
BNPP's long term credit ratings are A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited), Aa3 with a stable outlook (Moody's Investors 
Service Ltd.), AA- with a stable outlook (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited) 
and AA (low) with a stable outlook (DBRS Rating GmbH) and BNPP's 
short-term credit ratings are A-1 (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited), 
P-1 (Moody's Investors Service Ltd.), F1+ (Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited) 
and R-1 (middle) (DBRS Rating GmbH).  
 
W&C Securities issued under the Base Prospectus may be rated or unrated.   
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.  
Listing 
and 
Admission 
to 
Trading 
W&C Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be listed and 
admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(including the professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange) or such other regulated market, organised 
market, third country market, SME market or other trading system 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted 
basis. 
Selling Restrictions 
The W&C Securities will be freely transferable, subject to the offering and 
selling restrictions in the United States, the European Economic Area, 
France, Luxembourg, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Japan, India, 
People's Republic of China, Republic of Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, 
Socialist Republic of Vietnam, Thailand, Singapore, Australia and under 
the Prospectus Regulation and the laws of any jurisdiction in which the 
relevant W&C Securities are offered or sold. 
Exempt Securities 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
only applies to W&C Securities which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the 
public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances where 
an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. The requirement to publish a prospectus under the

--- Page 14 ---
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
14 
 
FSMA only applies to W&C Securities which are admitted to trading on a 
UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") ("UK MiFIR") 
and/or offered to the public in the United Kingdom other than in 
circumstances where an exemption is available under section 86 of the 
FSMA. Under this Base Prospectus, the Issuers may issue Exempt 
Securities (being W&C Securities for which no prospectus is required to 
be published under the Prospectus Regulation, or the FSMA, as the case 
may be).  In the case of Exempt Securities, any terms and conditions not 
contained in this Base Prospectus which are applicable to such Exempt 
Securities will be set out in a final terms document for Exempt Securities 
(the "Final Terms for Exempt Securities").  The Agency Agreement (as 
defined in the Conditions) sets out the form of Final Terms for Exempt 
Securities.  For the purposes of any Exempt Securities, references in the 
Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to include a reference to the 
"Final Terms for Exempt Securities".  For the avoidance of doubt, the Final 
Terms for Exempt Securities does not constitute "final terms" as such term 
is used under the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 15 ---
RISKS 
 
15 
 
RISKS 
Prospective purchasers of the W&C Securities offered hereby should consider carefully, among other things and 
in light of their financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base Prospectus 
and, in particular, the risks set forth below (which each Issuer, in its reasonable opinion, believes represents or 
may represent the risks known to it which may affect such Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the W&C 
Securities) in making an investment decision.  Investors may lose the value of their entire investment in certain 
circumstances. 
Terms used in this section and not otherwise defined have the meanings given to them in the relevant Conditions. 
Risk Factors Relating to BNPP  
Risk factors relating to BNPP are set out in "Risk Factors" under Chapter 5 on pages 315 to 330 of the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) and page 122 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) (each as defined below), which are incorporated by reference in 
this document. See section entitled "Documents Incorporated by Reference" of this Base Prospectus. 
The following risk factors are identified as the main risk factors specific to BNPP: 
1. 
A substantial increase in new provisions or a shortfall in the level of previously recorded provisions 
exposed to credit risk and counterparty risk could adversely affect the BNP Paribas Group’s results of 
operations and financial condition. 
2. 
An interruption in or a breach of the BNP Paribas Group’s information systems may cause substantial 
losses of client or customer information, damage to the BNP Paribas Group’s reputation and result in 
financial losses. 
3. 
The BNP Paribas Group may incur significant losses on its trading and investment activities due to market 
fluctuations and volatility. 
4. 
Adjustments to the carrying value of the BNP Paribas Group’s securities and derivatives portfolios and the 
BNP Paribas Group’s own debt could have an adverse effect on its net income and shareholders’ equity. 
5. 
The BNP Paribas Group’s access to and cost of funding could be adversely affected by a resurgence of 
financial crises, worsening economic conditions, rating downgrades, increases in sovereign credit spreads 
or other factors. 
6. 
Adverse economic and financial conditions have in the past had and may in the future have an impact on 
the BNP Paribas Group and the markets in which it operates.  
7. 
Laws and regulations adopted in recent years, particularly in response to the global financial crisis, as well 
as new legislative proposals, may materially impact the BNP Paribas Group and the financial and economic 
environment in which it operates. 
8. 
The BNP Paribas Group may incur substantial fines and other administrative and criminal penalties for 
non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and may also incur losses in related (or unrelated) 
litigation with private parties. 
Risk Factors Relating to BNPP B.V. 
The main risks described above in relation to BNPP also represent the main risks for BNPP B.V., either as an 
individual entity or a company of the BNP Paribas Group.

--- Page 16 ---
RISKS 
 
16 
 
Dependency Risk 
BNPP B.V. is an operating company. The assets of BNPP B.V. consist of the obligations of other BNP Paribas 
Group entities. In respect of securities it issues, the ability of BNPP B.V. to meet its obligations under such 
securities depends on the receipt by it of payments under certain hedging agreements that it enters with other BNP 
Paribas Group entities. Consequently, Holders of W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. will, subject to the 
provisions of the Guarantee issued by BNPP, be exposed to the ability of BNP Paribas Group entities to perform 
their obligations under such hedging agreements and may suffer losses should these entities fail to satisfy their 
obligations. 
More generally, the creditworthiness of BNPP B.V. depends on the creditworthiness of BNPP. In the case of 
bankruptcy proceedings of BNPP B.V. or any other similar proceedings affecting the Issuer, Holders of securities 
will become creditors of BNPP pursuant to the relevant guarantee granted by BNPP. Holders should also refer to 
risk factor "6.3 BNPP could experience an unfavourable change in circumstances, causing it to become subject 
to a resolution proceeding: holders of securities of BNPP could suffer losses as a result." above for a description 
of the impact of resolution on the BNP Paribas Group. 
Credit risk 
BNPP B.V. has significant concentration of credit risks, as its issuances are hedged through OTC transactions 
with its parent company, BNPP, and other BNP Paribas Group entities. Such credit risks amount to the total size 
of its balance sheet (EUR 94,564,532,735 as at 31 December 2022). Therefore, if BNPP or any other BNP Paribas 
Group entity fails to satisfy its obligations in respect of any such transaction, Holders of W&C Securities issued 
by BNPP B.V. may suffer losses. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO W&C SECURITIES 
A number of the risks described below may be relevant to a specific series of W&C Securities, depending on the 
terms of those W&C Securities. The effect of this compounding of risks is likely to increase the volatility of the 
W&C Securities and increase the possibility that a Holder loses some or all of their investment or does not receive 
the anticipated return. 
Risks Relating to the Structure of the W&C Securities 
Risks associated with specific types of products 
(a) 
Risks associated with Leverage Products  
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s) and, in 
the case of Certificates, whether automatic early redemption features apply. Additionally, the return may 
depend on other market factors such as interest rates, the implied volatility of the Underlying 
Reference(s) and the time remaining until exercise (in the case of European Style Warrants) or 
redemption (in the case of Certificates). The effect of leverage on the W&C Securities may be either 
positive or negative. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their 
investment. 
(b) 
Final Payouts 
The below products are vanilla products that all have a fixed term and a potential to have zero payout at 
maturity under the worst case scenario, hence they are all considered to have no capital protection.  All 
but Turbo Certificates and Short Turbo Certificates have an exposure to the linear or inverse linear 
performance of the Underlying Reference. Turbo Certificates and Short Turbo Certificates involve the 
application of an adjustment factor to the performance of the Underlying Reference such that the payout

--- Page 17 ---
RISKS 
 
17 
 
becomes non-linear. These products all share the same or similar risk profiles and belong to the same 
category of vanilla products. 
(i) 
Risks associated with Listed Securities 
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
There is no capital protection. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total 
loss of their investment. 
(ii) 
Risks associated with Short Certificates 
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
There is no capital protection. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total 
loss of their investment. 
(iii) 
Risks associated with Out-Performance Certificates 
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
There is no capital protection. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total 
loss of their investment. 
(iv) 
Risks associated with Turbo Certificates and Short Turbo Certificates 
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s), 
which is subject to the application of an adjustment factor. There is no capital protection. As a 
consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total loss of their investment. 
(v) 
Risks associated with Listed Securities on Single Underlying 
The return on the W&C Securities depends on the performance of the Underlying Reference(s). 
There is no capital protection. As a consequence, investors may be exposed to a partial or total 
loss of their investment. 
The formulae, relevant variables and other related provisions of these products are more fully described in "Annex 
1 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts". 
W&C Securities subject to early redemption at the option of the Issuer, other early redemption (including 
Automatic Early Redemption) and consequences of early redemption  
An optional or other early redemption feature (including an Automatic Early Redemption feature) is likely to limit 
the market value of the W&C Securities. In the case of W&C Securities with an optional redemption feature, 
during any period when the relevant Issuer may elect to redeem the relevant W&C Securities, the market value of 
those W&C Securities generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This 
may also be true prior to any redemption period. In addition, the Final Terms may provide that the relevant W&C 
Securities will be redeemed early in specified circumstances, such as the occurrence of an Additional Disruption 
Event (as defined in Condition 15 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events)), an 
Optional Additional Disruption Event (as defined in Condition 15 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events)) and/or an Automatic Early Redemption Event (as defined in Condition 31.7 
(Automatic Early Redemption (Certificates)). Following an optional or other early redemption (including an 
Automatic Early Redemption), a Holder generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds (if any) 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the relevant W&C Securities being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. As a consequence, the Holder may lose some or all of their 
investment. Investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In 
addition, in the case of W&C Securities with an Automatic Early Redemption feature, the value of the W&C 
Securities and the amount that Holders receive upon an Automatic Early Redemption may not correlate with the

--- Page 18 ---
RISKS 
 
18 
 
value of the Underlying Reference, which may trigger such Automatic Early Redemption and Holders could 
receive a significantly lower return than expected in relation to the change in value of the Underlying Reference. 
Cost of borrowing 
Holders of W&C Securities that are "short" (or "put") W&C Securities should note that the price of such W&C 
Securities may include a premium charged to Holders which reflects the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of 
borrowing the Underlying Reference(s). Holders will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event occurs or upon the exercise of an Issuer Call Option or a Holder Put Option, and consequently 
may significantly reduce the return a Holder stands to receive on its investment. 
Minimum trading amount may affect a Holder's ability to transfer their W&C Securities 
If the W&C Securities have a minimum trading amount, a Holder will not be permitted to transfer its W&C 
Securities prior to redemption without purchasing enough additional W&C Securities to hold the minimum trading 
amount. The Holder may not be able to purchase additional W&C Securities, in which case they will have to wait 
until redemption of the W&C Securities to realise any value. If they are able to purchase additional W&C 
Securities, this may be at a price higher than their original investment and is likely to adversely affect the overall 
return they achieve on their investment. 
Risks associated with W&C Securities where certain specific information is not known at the beginning of an offer 
period  
Where an indicative range is specified in the Final Terms at the start of an offer period in respect of the issue 
price, prospective purchasers of W&C Securities should note that the actual price selected from within the 
indicative range specified for the issue price in respect of any W&C Securities may have a negative impact on  
Holders and/or the final return received by Holders in respect of the W&C Securities when compared with another 
price within the indicative range. Prospective purchasers of W&C Securities will be required to make their 
investment decision based on the minimum and/or maximum price or the indicative range rather than the actual 
price which will only be fixed after the investment decision is made but will apply to the W&C Securities once 
issued. 
Gap Risk  
The relevant level, value or price of one or more Underlying Reference(s) may change suddenly and significantly 
during the trading day or at the opening of the market. Such change may be positive or negative and is known as 
the "Gap Risk". If the price of the W&C Securities includes a premium, this will be calculated to take account of 
the cost to the Issuer or its Affiliates of unwinding its hedging positions in relation to the W&C Securities on early 
redemption of the W&C Securities and the Gap Risk associated with the relevant level, value or price of the 
Underlying Reference(s). Holders will not receive a refund of this premium if an Automatic Early Redemption 
Event occurs, which could significantly reduce the return a Holder stands to receive on its investment.  
Limited exposure to Underlying Reference(s)  
If the applicable Final Terms provide that the exposure of the relevant W&C Securities to one or more Underlying 
References is limited or capped at a certain level or amount, the relevant W&C Securities will not benefit from 
any upside in the value of any such Underlying Reference(s) beyond such limit or cap. In this case, Holders will 
not receive as much from their investment as they would have done if they had invested directly in the Underlying 
Reference(s) or in alternative W&C Securities without such features. The likelihood of this occurring is dependent 
on the likelihood of the Underlying Reference(s) performing such that the limit or cap affects the W&C Securities. 
Limitations on Exercise

--- Page 19 ---
RISKS 
 
19 
 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, the Issuer will have the option to limit the number of Warrants exercisable on 
any date (other than the final exercise date) to the maximum number specified in the Final Terms and, in 
conjunction with such limitation, to limit the number of Warrants exercisable by any person or group of persons 
(whether or not acting in concert) on such date. In the event that the total number of Warrants being exercised on 
any date (other than the final exercise date) exceeds such maximum number and the Issuer elects to limit the 
number of Warrants exercisable on such date, a Holder may not be able to exercise on such date all the Warrants 
that such Holder desires to exercise delaying the point at which a Holder may realise a return on the Warrants. 
Minimum Exercise Amount of Warrants 
If so indicated in the Final Terms, a Holder must tender or, in the case of automatic exercise, hold, a specified 
number of Warrants at any one time in order to exercise. Thus, Holders with fewer than the specified minimum 
number of Warrants will either have to sell their Warrants or purchase additional Warrants, incurring transaction 
costs in each case, in order to realise their investment. Furthermore, holders of such Warrants incur the risk that 
there may be differences between the trading price of such Warrants and the Cash Settlement Amount of such 
Warrants. 
Time Lag after Exercise of Warrants 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice by a Holder will constitute an irrevocable election to exercise the relevant 
Warrants. After the delivery of an Exercise Notice, such Holder will not be able to transfer the Warrants that have 
been exercised. There will be a time lag between the time a Holder gives instructions to exercise and the time the 
applicable Cash Settlement Amount relating to such exercise is determined. Such delay could be significantly 
longer, particularly in the case of a delay in the exercise of Warrants arising from any daily maximum exercise 
limitation, the occurrence of a Market Disruption Event or the failure to open of an exchange (if applicable).  The 
applicable Cash Settlement Amount may change significantly during any such period, and such movement or 
movements could decrease the Cash Settlement Amount of the relevant Warrants, and may result in such Cash 
Settlement Amount being zero. 
If the amount payable or deliverable on redemption of the W&C Securities changes during the life of the W&C 
Securities, Holders may receive less than expected  
If specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer exercises its Payout Switch Election or if an Automatic 
Payout Switch Event occurs (see Condition 31.8 (Payout Switch) (in the case of a Payout Switch Election or an 
Automatic Payout Switch Event)), the redemption payout on such W&C Securities will change during the life of 
the W&C Securities and investors may receive a return which differs from, and may be significantly less than, 
that which they expected to receive as of the Issue Date or they may receive no return. 
Risk of leveraged exposure  
W&C Securities including a leverage feature magnify gains and losses. If the Underlying Reference moves against 
expectations, Holders risk losing a greater proportion of their investment than if they had invested in a W&C 
Security that is not leveraged. 
There are no events of default under the W&C Securities 
The Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities do not include events of default allowing for the acceleration 
of the W&C Securities if certain events occur. Accordingly, if the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) fail to 
meet any obligations under the W&C Securities, including the payment of any interest or bankruptcy proceedings 
are instituted, Holders will not be able to accelerate the payment of principal. Upon a payment default, the sole 
remedy available to Holders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any payment of principal or interest on 
their W&C Securities will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, 
be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it, meaning

--- Page 20 ---
RISKS 
 
20 
 
investors could lose all or part of their investment. As a result, the value of the W&C Securities and/or their 
liquidity in the secondary market could be negatively affected.  
The terms of the W&C Securities do not contain a negative pledge and the Issuer is entitled to incur additional 
debt  
There is no negative pledge in respect of the W&C Securities and the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities 
place no restrictions on the incurrence by the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) of additional obligations that 
rank pari passu with, or senior to, the W&C Securities. In addition, the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) may 
pledge assets to secure other notes or debt instruments without granting an equivalent pledge or security interest 
and status to the W&C Securities. An increase of the outstanding amount of such securities or other liabilities 
could reduce the amount (if any) recoverable by the Holders on a winding-up of the Issuer, if the amount 
outstanding exceeds the assets of the Issuer, Holders could suffer a loss of their entire investment if the Issuer 
becomes insolvent (whether voluntarily or otherwise).  
Risks Relating to the Underlying Reference(s) and Disruption and/or Adjustment Mechanisms 
Risks associated with Underlying Reference Securities  
W&C Securities issued under this Base Prospectus may be linked to the performance of one or more Underlying 
Reference(s) (as further described in the "Investment Considerations" section below) (such W&C Securities, 
"Underlying Reference Securities"). Depending on the terms of the Underlying Reference Securities, the amount 
payable on redemption will be determined by reference to the value of one or more Underlying References 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If an Underlying Reference does not perform as expected, this will have 
a material adverse impact on the amounts (if any) that Holders will receive in respect of the W&C Securities and 
may also negatively affect the value of the W&C Securities.  
Absence of rights in respect of the Underlying Reference(s)  
The W&C Securities do not represent a claim against any Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager 
or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference) and Holders will not have any right of recourse 
under the W&C Securities to any such Underlying Reference (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected 
person in respect of an Underlying Reference). The W&C Securities are not in any way sponsored, endorsed or 
promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an Underlying Reference and 
such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any Holders and such 
consequences may have a negative impact on Holders.  
The value of Underlying References may be subject to market fluctuations 
Depending on the Underlying Reference, the value of a Holder's investment in Underlying Reference Securities, 
may be significantly adversely affected by the negative impact of market fluctuations caused by economic and 
political developments, changes in interest rates and perceived trends in the prices of securities.  
Investment decision based on publicly available information 
Holders are required to make their investment decision on the basis of information that is publicly available. 
Therefore, Holders are exposed to the risk that information that is subsequently made public could adversely affect 
the trading price of the Underlying Reference(s), which could have a significant adverse impact on the value of 
the W&C Securities. 
Risks associated with the occurrence of Additional Disruption Events and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Events

--- Page 21 ---
RISKS 
 
21 
 
If an Additional Disruption Event occurs or any Optional Additional Disruption Event specified in the applicable 
Final Terms occurs (each as defined in Condition 15 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional 
Disruption Events)), the W&C Securities may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Securities 
linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares), early redemption or the amount payable on 
scheduled redemption may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. Any of 
these consequences is likely to have a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the W&C Securities 
and/or the return a Holder can expect to receive on their investment. 
The occurrence of a Disrupted Day may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the Index Securities, 
Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt Securities  
If, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Market Disruption Event as described in the Index Security 
Conditions, Share Security Conditions, ETI Security Conditions or Debt Security Conditions (as the case may be) 
has occurred or the relevant exchange has not opened on a date for valuation in respect of an issue of Index 
Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt Securities (a "Disrupted Day"), any consequential 
postponement of the valuation date, or any alternative provisions for valuation provided in any W&C Securities 
in respect of an Underlying Reference (including any Underlying Reference comprising a basket), which delays 
the determination of the final level, value, price or amount of the index, share, ETI interest, debt instrument and 
which could also cause a delay in the payment of any Cash Settlement Amount and may have an adverse effect 
on the value and liquidity of such W&C Securities, particularly if the Redemption Date of the W&C Securities is 
postponed as a consequence. 
Additional risks associated with Index Securities 
Index Securities are linked to the performance of an underlying index (an "Index"), which may reference various 
asset classes including, but not limited to, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates or property price data, or could 
reference a combination of such asset classes. Investors in Index Securities face the risk of a broader set of 
circumstances that mean that the assets underlying the Index (whether referring to some or all of such asset classes) 
do not perform as expected compared to an investment in other types of debt securities or a direct investment in 
the relevant assets underlying the Index. Accordingly, the return on an investment in Index Securities could be 
less than an investment in other types of debt securities or a direct investment in the relevant assets underlying the 
Index. The terms and conditions relevant to Index Securities are set out in "Annex 2 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities".  
The occurrence of an Index Adjustment Event may adversely impact Holders of Index Securities  
Following a modification to the methodology of the Index (an "Index Modification"), a permanent cancellation 
of the Index (an "Index Cancellation") or if the Index Sponsor fails to calculate or publish the level of the Index 
on a relevant date for valuation (an "Index Disruption") (each such event being an "Index Adjustment Event", 
as more fully described in Index Security Condition 3.2 (Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index)) 
may (except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities) lead to (i) changes in the calculation of the relevant 
value or price (if the Calculation Agent determines such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on the 
W&C Securities), (ii) early redemption of the W&C Securities or (iii) the amount payable on scheduled 
redemption of the W&C Securities being different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. 
Any such adjustment or early redemption of the Index Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and 
liquidity of such W&C Securities and accordingly the amount Holders can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with Share Securities 
Unlike a direct investment in any Share(s), Stapled Share(s), GDR(s) and/or ADR(s) comprising the Underlying 
Reference(s) (together the "Share(s)"), an investment in Share Securities does not entitle Holders to vote or 
receive dividends or distributions (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms). Accordingly, the return on Share 
Securities will not be the same as a direct investment in the relevant Share(s) and Holders could receive less than

--- Page 22 ---
RISKS 
 
22 
 
they would have done on a direct investment. The terms and conditions relevant to Share Securities are set out in 
"Annex 3 – Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities". 
An adjustment to Share Securities following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely impact Holders 
In the case of Share Securities, except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, following the declaration 
by the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be (or, in the case of Stapled Shares, an issuer of each 
constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares), of the occurrence of any Potential Adjustment Event (as more 
fully described in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events)), the Calculation Agent will, acting 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has 
a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares (or the Stapled Shares, as the case may be) 
and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the W&C Securities as the Calculation 
Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines appropriate to account for that 
diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in 
volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share (or the relevant Stapled 
Shares, as the case may be)). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected 
Share Securities and accordingly the amount Holders can expect to receive on their investment. 
The occurrence of Extraordinary Events relating to Share Securities may adversely impact Holders  
An Extraordinary Event will occur upon a De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Stapling, 
Tender Offer (unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or (if specified in 
the applicable Final Terms), Illiquidity, Listing Change or Listing Suspension (each as defined in Share Security 
Condition 4 (Extraordinary Events)) in relation to a Share, the Calculation Agent may make adjustments to any 
of the terms of the Share Securities (including, in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, 
adjustments to and/or substitution of constituent shares of the Basket of Shares), the Issuer may early redeem (in 
the case of Certificates) or cancel (in the case of Warrants) the Share Securities in whole or (in the case of Share 
Securities linked to a Basket of Shares) in part at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in the "Investment 
Considerations – Description of Early Redemption Amount and Payments on Cancellation" below) the 
Calculation Agent may make an adjustment to any terms of the Share Securities by reference to the corresponding 
adjustment(s) made by the relevant exchange(s) or quotation system(s) on which options on the affected Shares 
are traded. 
An adjustment to the Share Securities may have an adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the affected Share 
Securities and accordingly the amount Holders can expect to receive on their investment. If the Share Securities 
are early redeemed, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the relevant proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the effective return on the relevant Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate, and investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event in relation to a Share may have an adverse 
effect on the value or liquidity of the W&C Securities and accordingly the amount Holders can expect to receive 
on their investment. 
Securities Linked to Shares traded on the China Connect Service 
In respect of W&C Securities linked to Shares traded on the China Connect Service where "China Connect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if a China Connect Share Disqualification or a China 
Connect Service Termination (each as more fully described in Share Security Condition 4.1 (Extraordinary 
Events)) occurs such W&C Securities may be subject to adjustment (including, in the case of Share Securities 
linked to a Basket of Shares, adjustments to the Basket of Shares), cancellation (in the case of Warrants) or early 
redemption (in the case of Certificates) or the amount payable on scheduled redemption (in the case of Certificates) 
may be different from the amount expected to be paid at scheduled redemption. Furthermore, if "China Connect" 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Conditions will include provisions dealing with (a)(i) the suspension 
of or limitations on routing of orders through the China Connect Service or (ii) events disrupting the ability of 
market participants to enter orders through the China Connect Service, where the Calculation Agent determines

--- Page 23 ---
RISKS 
 
23 
 
such disruption is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant time for valuation or 
(b) the unexpected early closure of the China Connect Service, in each case on a date for valuation of a Share 
(including any Share comprising a Basket of Shares). If the Calculation Agent determines that such circumstances 
exist on any relevant date for valuation, such date may be subject to postponement or alternative provisions for 
valuation may apply (see "Consequences of a Disrupted Day" under the "Investment Considerations" section 
below). Any of these consequences is likely to have a material adverse effect on the value and liquidity of the 
W&C Securities and/or the return a Holder can expect to receive on their investment. 
Additional risks associated with ETI Securities  
An investment in ETI Securities carries similar risks to an investment in Fund Securities. An exchange traded 
instrument (an "ETI") may invest using sophisticated techniques, such as leverage or short selling or in complex 
financial instruments such as derivatives (swaps, options, futures), securities lending transactions, repurchase or 
reverse repurchase agreements or foreign exchange instruments. If the investment strategy of the ETI is not 
successful it will have a negative impact upon the performance of the ETI, and consequently, could have a negative 
impact on the value of the ETI Securities and the return investors may receive. None of the relevant Issuer, the 
Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any control over investments made by the relevant exchange 
traded instrument(s) and in no way guarantee the performance of an ETI. Holders of ETI Securities have no right 
to participate in the ETI, whether by voting or in any distributions. Accordingly, the return a Holder of ETI 
Securities receives could be less (and could be significantly less) than a direct investment in an ETI. This effect 
could be amplified if the value of the ETI is linked to the trading price of the ETI or the actual redemption proceeds 
the Hedge Provider or a hypothetical investor in the relevant ETI(s) would receive. The terms and conditions 
relevant to ETI Securities are set out in "Annex 4 – Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities". 
An adjustment to ETI Securities following a Potential Adjustment Event may adversely impact Holders 
In the case of ETI Securities, except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, following the declaration by 
the relevant ETI or any person appointed to provide services directly or indirectly in respect of such ETI, as the 
case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event (as more fully described in ETI Security Condition 
3 (Potential Adjustment Events)), the Calculation Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether 
such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests 
and, if so, will make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the W&C Securities as the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account for that diluting or concentrative effect 
(provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock 
loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest). Such adjustment may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of the affected ETI Securities, and accordingly, the amount Holders can expect to receive on 
their investment. 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event may have an adverse impact on Holders  
If an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs as a result of events including (a) a merger of the ETI Interests or the ETI 
or ETI Related Party with other ETI Interests or another entity, an entity obtaining a controlling stake in the ETI 
or ETI Related Party or the insolvency of the ETI or any ETI Related Party (Global Events), (b) material litigation 
or allegations of criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the ETI or ETI Related Party (Litigation/Fraudulent 
Activity Events), (c) the ETI Related Party ceasing to act without being replaced (Change in ETI Related 
Parties/Key Person Events), (d) a material change to the ETI or the ETI Documents (Modification Events), (e) a 
change to or suspension of the calculation of the Value per ETI Interest or a breach of the Investment/AUM Level 
or Value per ETI Interest Trigger Percentage (Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events), (f) a change in 
tax law, revocation of any required licence or compulsory redemption of the ETI Interests required by a competent 
authority (Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (g) an issue affecting the hedging associated with the ETI 
Securities (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events) and (h) other events such as an Extraordinary ETI 
Event affecting a portion of the basket of ETI Interests, a rating downgrade, issues obtaining or trading ETI 
Interests or changes in the way dividends are paid (Miscellaneous Events) (each as further described in ETI 
Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events)), the Issuer may (i) require the Calculation Agent to adjust the

--- Page 24 ---
RISKS 
 
24 
 
terms of the ETI Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant ETI Interests, or (iii) early redeem (in 
the case of Certificates) or cancel (in the case of Warrants) the ETI Securities at the Early Redemption Amount 
(as defined in "Investment Considerations – Description of Early Redemption Amount and Payments on 
Cancellation" below). Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, as the case may be, may have 
an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of the W&C Securities and the amount Holders can expect to receive 
on their investment.  
Additional risks associated with Fund Securities 
The value of underlying fund shares or units in respect of Fund Securities will be affected by the investment 
strategy of the relevant fund. The investment strategy is often opaque and may not be publicly available. In 
addition, funds are often illiquid and/or unregulated. If the investment strategy does not perform as expected, there 
are limited methods by which direct investments in fund shares or units can be exited. The value of the fund shares 
or units is also exposed to the performance of various fund service providers, in particular, the investment adviser. 
Taking these circumstances into account, compared to other types of investment, there is a greater risk associated 
with an investment in Fund Securities that the value of the W&C Securities may be adversely affected (and could 
fall to zero) and the return Holders can expect to receive may be less (and could be significantly less) than 
expected. The terms and conditions relevant to Fund Securities are set out in "Annex 6 – Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Securities". 
The occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse impact on Holders  
An Extraordinary Fund Event will occur as a result of events including (a) a merger of the Fund or Fund Service 
Provider another entity, an entity obtaining a controlling stake in the Fund or Fund Service Provider or the 
insolvency of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (Global Events), (b) material litigation or allegations of 
criminal or fraudulent activity in respect of the Fund or Fund Service Provider (Litigation/Fraudulent Activity 
Events), (c) the Fund Service Provider or its key personnel ceasing to act and not being replaced (Fund Service 
Provider/Key Person Events), (d) a material change to the Fund or the Fund Documents (Modification Events), 
(e) a change to or suspension of the calculation of the NAV per Fund Share or a breach of the AUM Level or 
NAV Trigger Percentage, (f) the failure of the Fund or the Fund Service Provider to provide required information 
(Reporting Events), (g) a change in tax law, revocation of any required licence or compulsory redemption of the 
fund shares required by a competent authority (Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events), (h) an issue affecting 
the hedging associated with the Fund Securities (Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events), (i) a restriction 
or limitation on subscriptions or redemptions of any fund shares (Dealing Events) and (j) other events such as an 
Extraordinary Fund Event affecting a portion of the basket components, an issue with any rebate agreements, 
segregation of Fund portfolios, security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider or a rating downgrade 
(Miscellaneous Events) (all as further described in Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events)). If 
an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, the Issuer may, (i) require the Calculation Agent to adjust the terms of the 
Fund Securities to reflect such event, (ii) substitute the relevant Fund Shares or (iii) early redeem (in the case of 
Certificates) or cancel (in the case of Warrants) the Fund Securities at the Early Redemption Amount (as defined 
in "Investment Considerations – Description of Early Redemption Amount and Payments on Cancellation" 
below). Consequently, the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event may have an adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of the W&C Securities and the amount Holders can expect to receive on their investment.  
Date for redemption may be postponed if Hedge Provider does not receive redemption proceeds from Fund Shares 
In the event that redemption proceeds in respect of the underlying Fund Shares are not received by the Hedge 
Provider on or prior to the scheduled date for redemption, for example, if redemption is delayed or suspended by 
the Fund, the Redemption Date of the Fund Securities may be postponed for a period of up to two calendar years 
(or such other period as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Fund Security 
Condition 5 (Settlement Date/Redemption Date/Termination Date Extension) and no additional amount shall be 
payable as a result of such delay. Such delay could have a significant adverse impact on the amount that the Holder 
would have otherwise received had such date for redemption not been postponed.

--- Page 25 ---
RISKS 
 
25 
 
Risks Relating to the Market 
Certain factors affecting the value and trading price of W&C Securities  
The trading price of the W&C Securities may be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, the 
relevant price, value or level of the Underlying Reference(s), the time remaining until the scheduled redemption 
date of the W&C Securities, the actual or implied volatility associated with the Underlying Reference(s) and the 
correlation risk of the relevant Underlying Reference(s).  
The possibility that the value and trading price of the W&C Securities will fluctuate (either positively or 
negatively) depends on a number of factors, which investors should consider carefully before purchasing or selling 
W&C Securities, including: 
(a) 
the trading price of the W&C Securities; 
(b) 
depending on the applicable payout, movements in the value and/or volatility of the Underlying 
Reference may cause the value of the W&C Securities to either rise or fall; 
(c) 
depending on the applicable payout, the value of the W&C Securities may fluctuate as the time remaining 
until the scheduled redemption date decreases; 
(d) 
the probable range of Cash Settlement Amounts; 
(e) 
depending on the applicable payout, movements in interest rates and/or dividends (if applicable) may 
cause the theoretical value of the W&C Securities to either rise or fall;  
(f) 
any change(s) and/or fluctuation(s) in currency exchange rates;   
(g) 
the depth of the market or liquidity of the Underlying Reference as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(h) 
any limitation or restriction on the liquidity of the W&C Securities in the secondary market; and 
(i) 
any related transaction costs.  
Such factors may mean that the trading price of the W&C Securities is below the Cash Settlement Amount, as 
applicable and accordingly, Holders may receive an amount or an asset with a value significantly lower than the 
amount that they invested to purchase the W&C Securities. 
A Security's purchase price may not reflect its inherent value  
Prospective investors in the W&C Securities should note that the purchase price of a Security does not necessarily 
reflect its inherent value. Any difference between a Security's purchase price and its inherent value may be due to 
a number of different factors including, without limitation, prevailing market conditions and fees, discounts or 
commissions paid or accorded to the various parties involved in structuring and/or distributing the Security. Any 
such difference in value could negatively affect the return an investor may receive. For further information 
prospective investors should refer to the party from whom they are purchasing the W&C Securities. Prospective 
investors may also wish to seek an independent valuation of W&C Securities prior to their purchase. 
Possible illiquidity of the W&C Securities in the secondary market  
For certain issues of W&C Securities, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. is required or intends to act as market-maker, 
in which case it will endeavour to maintain a secondary market throughout the life of the W&C Securities as long 
as normal market conditions prevail. However, during certain periods, it may be difficult, impractical or

--- Page 26 ---
RISKS 
 
26 
 
impossible for BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. to quote bid and offer prices, and during such periods, it may be 
difficult, impracticable or impossible to buy or sell these W&C Securities. Events constituting a force majeure, 
adverse market conditions, volatile prices or large price fluctuations, a large market place being closed or restricted 
or experiencing technical problems including, but not limited to, an IT system failure or network disruption could 
affect BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.'s ability to maintain a secondary market or even prevent BNP Paribas 
Arbitrage S.N.C. from maintaining a secondary market until such a time as normal conditions resume.  
Each Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase W&C Securities at any price in the open market or 
by tender or private offer/treaty. Any Manager may also be a market-maker for an issue of W&C Securities but it 
is not obliged to and may cease to do so at any time without prior notification to Holders. Even if a Manager is a 
market-maker for an issue of W&C Securities (including where BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. acts as market-
maker), the secondary market for such W&C Securities may be limited or may not exist at all.  
The only means through which a Holder can realise value from their W&C Securities prior to its Redemption 
Date is to sell them at the market price in an available secondary market, which may be a lower price than a 
Holder's original investment. If there is no or a limited secondary market for the W&C Securities and the Holder 
is unable to sell its W&C Securities they will have to wait until redemption of the W&C Securities to realise any 
value. 
W&C Securities sold in the United States or to U.S. persons may be subject to transfer restrictions, which will 
also limit a Holder's ability to sell their W&C Securities prior to redemption. 
Effect of credit rating reduction  
The value of the W&C Securities is expected to be affected, in part, by investors' general appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the relevant Issuer and, if applicable, the Guarantor. Such perceptions are generally influenced 
by the ratings attributed to the outstanding securities of BNPP B.V. or BNPP by standard statistical rating services, 
such as S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, Moody's France SAS and Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd.. A reduction in the rating, if any, attributed to outstanding debt securities of BNPP B.V. or 
BNPP by one of these rating agencies could result in a reduction in the trading value of the W&C Securities. 
Risks associated with W&C Securities with a nexus to emerging markets 
Where the value and return an investor can expect to receive in respect of the W&C Securities depends on the 
performance of one or more Underlying References issued by issuers located in, or subject to regulation in, 
emerging or developing countries, denominated in the currency of, or are traded in, emerging or developing 
countries or where the W&C Securities are denominated in currencies of emerging or developing countries,  
Holders are exposed to greater risks associated with political and economic uncertainty, adverse governmental 
policies, restrictions on foreign investment and currency convertibility, currency exchange rate fluctuations, 
possible lower levels of disclosure and regulation, and uncertainties as to the status, interpretation and application 
of laws including, but not limited to, those relating to expropriation, nationalisation and confiscation.  Holders of 
W&C Securities with such a nexus to emerging or developing countries are exposed to the risk that such W&C 
Securities may be less liquid and the prices of such W&C Securities more volatile, thus increasing the risk that 
such Holders may experience a loss on their investment.  In addition, settlement of trades in such markets may be 
slower and more likely to be subject to failure than in markets in developed countries. 
Investors in such W&C Securities should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a Hedging 
Disruption Event (or other adjustment event under the relevant terms of the W&C Securities as set out further in 
the Conditions) and consequently loss of investment or profit by an investor may be higher for certain developing 
or emerging markets.   
Exchange control risks

--- Page 27 ---
RISKS 
 
27 
 
There is a risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Settlement Currency (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) and/or the currency in which the Underlying Reference is denominated, such as government and monetary 
authorities, may impose or modify (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect 
an applicable exchange rate or the ability to transfer of funds in and out of the relevant country. Such exchange 
controls, if imposed would have a negative impact on the amount a Holder is able to realise from W&C Securities 
denominated in an affected Settlement Currency or referencing an affected Underlying Reference. 
Additional risks associated with Warrants 
The only means through which a Holder can realise value from their W&C Securities prior to their Exercise Date 
(in the case of European Style Warrants) or the beginning of their Exercise Period (in the case of American Style 
Warrants) is to sell them at the market price in an available secondary market, which may be a lower value than 
the original price at which the Holder purchased the W&C Securities. If there is no or a limited secondary market 
for the W&C Securities and the Holder is unable to sell its W&C Securities they will have to exercise the W&C 
Securities to realise any value. See "Possible illiquidity of the W&C Securities in the secondary market" above. 
Risks associated with W&C Securities denominated in Renminbi  
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the People's Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, the "PRC") continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and 
foreign currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar, although control by the PRC government over routine foreign 
exchange transactions under current accounts has decreased over the years.  
Remittance of Renminbi into and out of the PRC for the settlement of capital account items is generally only 
permitted upon obtaining specific approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant 
authorities on a case-by-case basis and is subject to strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the 
remittance of Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed gradually and 
will be subject to interpretation and application by the relevant authorities in the PRC. 
From 1 October 2016 Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the International 
Monetary Fund; however, the PRC government may not continue to gradually liberalise the control over cross-
border Renminbi remittances in the future or that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated in the future which 
have the effect of restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or outside the PRC. Furthermore, if 
any new PRC regulations are promulgated in the future which have the effect of permitting or restricting (as the 
case may be) the remittance of Renminbi for payment of transactions categorised as capital account items, then 
such remittances will need to be made subject to the specific requirements or restrictions set out in such rules. 
Such restrictions may negatively affect the liquidity and value of W&C Securities denominated in Renminbi.  
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside of the PRC is limited. Currently, financial institutions in a number of financial centres and cities 
(each a "RMB Clearing Bank") have entered into settlement agreements (the "Settlement Agreements") with 
the People's Bank of China ("PBOC") to act as the RMB clearing bank.  
However, the current size of Renminbi-denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. Renminbi 
business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from PBOC and the relevant RMB 
Clearing Bank only has access to onshore liquidity support from PBOC to square open positions of participating 
banks for limited types of transactions, including open positions resulting from conversion services for 
corporations relating to cross-border trade settlement. The relevant RMB Clearing Bank is not obliged to square 
for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange transactions or conversion 
services and the participating banks will need to source Renminbi from the offshore market to square such open 
positions.   
The offshore Renminbi market is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign 
exchange. New PRC regulations may be promulgated or the Settlement Agreement may be terminated or amended

--- Page 28 ---
RISKS 
 
28 
 
in the future which will have the effect of further restricting availability of Renminbi offshore. The limited 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity of the W&C Securities. To the extent the Issuer 
is required to source Renminbi in the offshore market to service its W&C Securities, the Issuer may not be able 
to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. If Renminbi is not available, in certain circumstances as 
described in the Conditions applicable to the W&C Securities, the Issuer can make payments under the W&C 
Securities in the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency, which may negatively affect the amount the Holder 
receives in respect of W&C Securities denominated in Renminbi. 
Legal Risks 
Meetings of Holders  
The Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities contain provisions for calling meetings (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a video conference platform) of Holders to consider matters affecting their interests 
generally (see Condition 8.4 (Meetings of Holders)). These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Holders, including Holders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Holders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. While it is not possible to assess the likelihood that the Conditions will need to be 
amended during the term of the W&C Securities by a meeting of the Holders, if a decision is adopted by a majority 
of Holders and such modifications impair or limit the rights of Holders, this may negatively affect the market 
value of the W&C Securities, although the probability of such a decision being taken by Holders is considered to 
be low.  
The Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) may be substituted by another entity  
The conditions of the W&C Securities provide (except in the case of U.S. Securities) that the Issuer may, following 
the occurrence of certain events, without the consent of the Holders, agree to the substitution of another company 
as the principal obligor under any W&C Securities in place of the Issuer, subject to the conditions set out in 
Condition 13.2 (Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor). In particular, where the substitute is not BNPP, 
BNPP will guarantee the performance of the substitute's obligations under the W&C Securities. 
The conditions of the W&C Securities also provide that the Issuer may, following the occurrence of certain events, 
without the consent of the Holders agree to the substitution of another company as the guarantor in respect of any 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. in place of BNPP, subject to the conditions set out in Condition 13.5 
(Substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor). In particular, the creditworthiness of the substitute guarantor must 
be at least equal to that of BNPP, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, by reference to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings assigned by such 
rating agencies as the Calculation Agent determines. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor shall only exercise a substitution of the Issuer or the Guarantor if (i) a 
Substitution Event has occurred and (ii) it has obtained from the Substitute Issuer or Substitute Guarantor, as the 
case may be, an undertaking that the substitution would not have a material impact on the interests of the Holders. 
Despite this, any such substitution may negatively affect the value of the W&C Securities.  
The Issuer will give Holders notice of such substitution in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices). 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
BNPP, BNPP B.V. and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents may engage in activities or arrangements in 
a range of capacities that may result in conflicts of interest between their own financial interests and those of any 
Holders, for example, by: 
(i) 
engaging in trading activities (including hedging activities) relating to the Underlying Reference or 
Reference Entity and other instruments or derivative products based on or relating to the Underlying

--- Page 29 ---
RISKS 
 
29 
 
Reference or Reference Entity of any W&C Securities for their proprietary accounts or for other accounts 
under their management;  
(ii) 
underwriting future offerings of shares or other securities relating to an issue of W&C Securities or acting 
as financial adviser or in a commercial banking capacity to certain companies or companies whose shares 
or other securities are included in a basket in respect of a Series of W&C Securities; 
(iii) 
acting in a number of different capacities in relation to any Underlying Reference in relation to the 
securities (including, but not limited to an underlying Index, including, but not limited to, as issuer of the 
constituents of the Index, index sponsor or calculation agent);  
(iv) 
engaging in business, such as investing in, extending loans to, providing advisory services to, entering 
into financing or derivative transactions with a company that has issued shares or a debt instrument, a 
fund that has issued fund shares or units, an exchange traded instrument comprising the relevant 
Underlying Reference or a Reference Entity; 
(v) 
receiving a fee for performing any services or entering into any transactions described above; 
(vi) 
publishing research reports relating to any Underlying Reference or Reference Entity, which express 
views that are inconsistent with purchasing or holding the W&C Securities; or 
(vii) 
making determinations regarding the occurrence of various events in respect of the W&C Securities and 
the applicable consequences in its role as Calculation Agent or Issuer, as the case may be, of the W&C 
Securities. 
Any of the conflicts of interest described above could have a material adverse effect on the value of the W&C 
Securities and the return a Holder can expect to receive on their W&C Securities, as none of BNPP, BNPP B.V. 
and/or any of their respective Affiliates or agents, acting in any capacity, is required to have regard to the interests 
of the Holders. Investors should also refer to the description of the role of the Calculation Agent in the "Investment 
Considerations" section below. 
Following the intragroup merger of BNP Paribas Securities Services SCA and BNPP, BNPP performs various 
agency roles under the Programme. As a result, potential conflicts of interest may arise between these roles. Such 
potential conflicts of interests are mitigated using different management teams and information barriers within 
BNPP, but the possibility of conflicts of interest arising cannot be completely eliminated. 
Change of law  
The Terms and Conditions of W&C Securities are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. The possible impact of any judicial decision or change to an administrative practice or change to 
English law after the date of this Base Prospectus is unknown and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any W&C Securities affected by it.  
Termination of W&C Securities in the event of illegality or impracticability  
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the W&C Securities has become illegal, 
impossible or impracticable in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may redeem the W&C Securities by 
paying to each Holder the Early Redemption Amount (as defined in "Investment Considerations" below) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such redemption may result in an investor losing some or all of their investment in 
the W&C Securities.  
French Insolvency Law

--- Page 30 ---
RISKS 
 
30 
 
BNPP is a société anonyme with its corporate seat in France. In the event that BNPP becomes insolvent, 
insolvency proceedings will generally be governed by the insolvency laws of France to the extent that, where 
applicable, the "centre of main interests" (as construed under Regulation (EU) 2015/848, as amended) of BNPP 
is located in France. 
Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt and disqualifications and 
on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring, insolvency and discharge of debt, 
and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 has been transposed into French law by Ordonnance 2021-1193 dated 
15 September 2021. Such ordonnance, which has applied since 1 October 2021, amends French insolvency laws 
notably with regard to the process of adopting restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. According to 
this ordonnance, "affected parties" (including in particular creditors, and therefore, the Holders) shall be treated 
in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring plan. 
Classes will be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that reflect a 
sufficient common interest based on verifiable criteria. Holders will no longer deliberate on the proposed 
restructuring plan in a separate assembly, meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on 
this plan. Instead, Holders will be treated the same way as other affected parties and will be grouped into one or 
more classes (potentially including other types of creditors) and their dissenting vote may be overridden by a 
cross-class cram down. 
Neither the scope of Directive (EU) 2019/1023 nor the scope of the ordonnance cover financial institutions, unless 
the competent authority chooses to make them applicable. As a consequence, the application of French insolvency 
law to a credit institution, such as BNPP, is also subject to the prior permission of the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution before the opening of any safeguard, judicial reorganisation or liquidation procedures. 
This limitation will affect the ability of the Holders to recover their investments in the W&C Securities. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against BNPP would have a material adverse effect on the market 
value of W&C Securities issued by BNPP. As a consequence, any decisions taken by a class of affected parties 
could negatively and significantly impact the Holders and could result in a loss of some or all of their investment, 
should they not be able to recover some or all of the amounts due to them from BNPP. 
The implementation of the EU Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive could materially affect the W&C Securities 
and their Holders 
Directive 2014/59/EU, as amended by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") provides for the establishment of 
an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms. The BRRD has 
been implemented in France by several legislative texts to provide relevant resolution authorities with, among 
other powers, a credible set of tools (the "BRRD Resolution Tools") to intervene sufficiently early and quickly 
in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of that institution's critical financial and economic 
functions, while minimising the impact of its potential failure on the economy and financial system. 
Following a review of BRRD, Directive no. 2019/879/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD 2") was adopted.  
BRRD 2 was transposed into French law by Ordinance n°2020-1636 of 20 December 2020 relating to the 
resolution regime in the banking sector and Decree n°2020-1703 of 24 December 2020 relating to the resolution 
regime in the banking sector and took effect from 28 December 2020. 
In respect of W&C Securities where BNPP is the Issuer or the Guarantor, if BNPP is determined to be failing or 
likely to fail within the meaning of, and under the conditions set by the BRRD, and the relevant resolution 
authority applies any, or a combination, of the BRRD Resolution Tools (including, a sale of the business, the 
creation of a bridge institution, asset separation or bail-in), any shortfall from the sale of BNPP’s assets may lead 
to a partial reduction in the outstanding amounts of certain claims of unsecured creditors of that entity (including,

--- Page 31 ---
RISKS 
 
31 
 
as the case may be, the W&C Securities or the Guarantee), or, in a worst case scenario, a reduction to zero. The 
unsecured debt claims of BNPP (including, as the case may be, the W&C Securities or the Guarantee) might also 
be converted into equity or other instruments of ownership, in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal 
insolvency proceedings, which equity or other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer 
or dilution (such reduction or cancellation being first on common equity tier one instruments, thereafter the 
reduction, cancellation or conversion being on additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments and other 
subordinated debts, then other eligible liabilities). The relevant resolution authority may also seek to amend the 
terms (such as varying the date for redemption) of any outstanding unsecured debt securities (including, as the 
case may be, the W&C Securities or the Guarantee) (all as further described in Condition 3.2 (Recognition of Bail-
in and Loss Absorption)).  
Public financial support to resolve the Issuer (or the Guarantor, as the case may be) where there is a risk of failure 
will only be used as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the resolution tools above, including the bail-
in tool, to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD by the relevant resolution authority or any suggestion that such powers 
may be exercised could materially adversely affect the rights of the Holders of W&C Securities, the price or value 
of their investment in the W&C Securities and/or the ability of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, to 
satisfy its obligations under the W&C Securities or the Guarantee, respectively. As a result, Holders of W&C 
Securities could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the W&C Securities. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of W&C Securities linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"  
A number of major interest rates (including the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR")), other rates, indices 
and other published values or benchmarks are the subject of national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on W&C Securities linked to any such value or benchmark. 
The Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts 
or to measure the performance of investment funds (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") is a key element of 
ongoing regulatory reform in the EU and has applied, subject to certain transitional provisions, since 1 January 
2018. In addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, such as EURIBOR, other interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, and indices, including equity, commodity and "proprietary" indices or strategies, will in most 
cases be within scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as "benchmarks" where they are used to determine the 
amount payable under, or the value of, certain financial instruments (including securities listed on an EU regulated 
market, EU multilateral trading facility ("MTF"), EU organised trading facility ("OTF") or via a systematic 
internaliser). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") is the relevant regulatory regime applicable to, 
among other things, the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the contribution of input data to a benchmark, the administration of a 
benchmark, and the use of a benchmark in the EU. Amongst other things, the EU Benchmarks Regulation requires 
EU benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered as such and to comply with extensive requirements 
relating to benchmark administration. It also prohibits certain uses by EU supervised entities of (a) benchmarks 
provided by EU administrators which are not authorised or registered in accordance with the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and (b) benchmarks provided by non-EU administrators where (i) the administrator's regulatory regime 
has not been determined to be "equivalent" to that of the EU, (ii) the administrator has not been recognised in 
accordance with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, or (iii) the benchmark has not been endorsed in accordance with 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Similarly, the UK Benchmarks Regulation prohibits the use of in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(the "FCA") or registered on the FCA register (or, if not based in the UK, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed).

--- Page 32 ---
RISKS 
 
32 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
adverse impact on any W&C Securities for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue has been 
made, or which are traded on a trading venue or via a "systematic internaliser" linked to, referencing or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a "benchmark" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to any benchmark may result in: 
 
the level of the published rate or the level of the "benchmark" or the volatility of the published rate or 
level being adversely affected; 
 
an increase in the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
"benchmark" and complying with such regulations or requirements; 
 
the "benchmark" (including certain currencies or tenors of benchmarks) being discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable, which may result in the rate of interest in respect of the W&C Securities (if any) being 
determined based on any applicable fallback provisions; 
 
the methodology or other terms of the benchmark being changed in order to comply with regulatory 
requirements;  
 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event (as further described under "Risks associated with 
the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event" below); or 
 
have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences.  
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any W&C Securities 
and/or could lead to the W&C Securities being de-listed, adjusted, redeemed early following the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event, subject to discretionary valuation or adjustment by the Calculation Agent or 
otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the W&C Securities. 
This could also negatively affect the liquidity of the W&C Securities and a Holder's ability to sell their W&C 
Securities in the secondary market. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for said benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority in certain circumstances, 
such replacement being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain W&C Securities) which 
contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions and where certain trigger events relating to non-
representativeness or cessation or wind down of the benchmark are met. In general, parties can opt out of the 
statutory replacement where all parties, or the required majority of parties, to a contract or financial instrument 
have agreed to apply a different replacement for a benchmark before or after entry into force of the implementing 
act. A statutory replacement benchmark could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and return on, 
certain W&C Securities linked to or referencing such benchmark and may not operate as intended at the relevant 
time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise unavailable benchmark. 
In addition Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations and the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 (and the 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary). There are therefore 
still details to be clarified in relation to the potential impact of these legislative developments. Accordingly, there 
may be a risk that a statutory replacement benchmark may be designated if, for instance, a replacement benchmark 
determined in accordance with the fallback provisions is deemed unsuitable as its application no longer reflects 
or significantly diverges from the underlying market or the economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is

--- Page 33 ---
RISKS 
 
33 
 
intended to measure (and where certain other conditions are satisfied, including one of the parties objecting to the 
contractually agreed fallback). 
Risks associated with the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event 
If specified as an Optional Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms, the occurrence of an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 15 (Additional Disruption Events and Optional 
Additional Disruption Events) and more fully described in the "Investment Considerations" section below) may 
lead to redemption or adjustment of the W&C Securities. Any such adjustment or redemption of the W&C 
Securities following the occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event may have an adverse effect on the 
value and liquidity of such W&C Securities and accordingly the amount Holders can expect to receive on their 
investment. 
The discontinuation of Interbank Offered Rates may adversely affect the value of the W&C Securities 
Sterling, Euro, Swiss Franc and Japanese Yen London Interbank Offered Rates ("LIBOR"), across all tenors, and 
U.S. dollar LIBOR 1 week and 2 month tenors, either ceased to exist entirely, or became non-representative of 
the underlying market and economic reality that such rates were intended to measure, immediately after 31 
December 2021 and U.S. dollar LIBOR overnight, 1, 3, 6 and 12 month tenors will either cease to exist entirely 
or will become non-representative immediately after 30 June 2023. The future of EURIBOR is also uncertain. 
Amongst other developments, new issuances of products referencing LIBOR are no longer permitted (except in 
very limited circumstances) and relevant authorities are strongly encouraging the transition away from Interbank 
Offered Rates ("IBORs"), such as EURIBOR. A number of "risk free rates" have been identified to take the place 
of such IBORs as primary benchmarks. This includes (i) for sterling LIBOR, a reformed Sterling Overnight Index 
Average as the primary Sterling interest rate benchmark, (ii) for EONIA and EURIBOR, Euro Short-Term Rate 
("€STR") as the new euro risk free rate, (iii) for USD LIBOR, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as the 
primary U.S. dollar interest rate benchmark, (iv) for CHF LIBOR, the daily Swiss Average Rate Overnight as the 
primary Swiss Franc interest rate benchmark and (v) for JPY LIBOR, the Tokyo Overnight Average Rate as a 
Japanese Yen interest rate benchmark. The risk free rates have a different methodology and other important 
differences from the IBORs they have replaced, a limited historical track record and may be subject to changes in 
their methodology. Uncertainties in the development of these risk free rates could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on W&C Securities linked to any such rates. 
The reforms and eventual replacement of EURIBOR with €STR may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than 
in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
Investors in W&C Securities that pay an Automatic Early Redemption Amount referencing EURIBOR face the 
risk that such rate will be discontinued or otherwise unavailable following the occurrence of an Automatic Early 
Redemption Event, in which case the rate of interest on the W&C Securities will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the W&C Securities. Depending on the manner in which 
EURIBOR is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may in certain circumstances result in (i) the 
application of a backward looking, risk free overnight rate, whereas EURIBOR is expressed on the basis of a 
forward looking term and includes a risk element based on inter bank lending, (ii) result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when EURIBOR was available, or (iii) be 
determined by reference to an alternative rate selected by an institution with authority consistent with industry 
accepted standards or, in the absence of such alternative rate, by a third party agent appointed by the Calculation 
Agent. As the replacement rate will not be identical to the original rate (and may not be comparable), any of the 
foregoing circumstances could have a significant adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the 
W&C Securities. In addition, any Holders of such W&C Securities that enter into hedging instruments based on 
the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they may incur costs replacing 
such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate.

--- Page 34 ---
RISKS 
 
34 
 
The U.S. federal income tax characterisation of the W&C Securities is uncertain and may affect their value 
The determination of whether an obligation represents debt, equity, or some other instrument or interest for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes is based on all the relevant facts and circumstances associated with the W&C 
Securities. There may not be statutory, judicial or administrative authority directly addressing the characterisation 
of some of the types of W&C Securities that are anticipated to be issued under the Base Prospectus.  No 
determination has been requested from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") with respect to the W&C 
Securities, and the treatment of the W&C Securities described under the section entitled "U.S. Federal Income 
Taxation" is not binding on the IRS or the courts, which might not agree with such treatment. Alternative 
treatments of the W&C Securities could result in less favourable U.S. federal income tax consequences for an 
investor, including a requirement to accrue income on a current basis and to treat any gain as ordinary income. As 
a result, significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the W&C Securities 
are uncertain.

--- Page 35 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
35 
 
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
1. 
General investment considerations associated with the W&C Securities 
W&C Securities are Unsecured Obligations 
The W&C Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the relevant Issuer and will rank pari passu 
with themselves. Each issue of W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. will be guaranteed by BNPP pursuant to 
the Guarantee. The obligations of BNPP under the Guarantee are senior preferred obligations within the meaning 
of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier and unsecured obligations of BNPP and will 
rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to such 
exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law. 
Description of the role of the Calculation Agent 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent may be an Affiliate of the relevant Issuer or, if applicable, the Guarantor, or the 
Calculation Agent may be the Issuer itself or, if applicable, the Guarantor itself. The Calculation Agent 
is under no obligation to take into account the interests of Holders of the W&C Securities, including with 
respect to making certain determinations and judgments, such as whether an event, including a Market 
Disruption Event (as defined in the Conditions), has occurred and, in some cases, the applicable 
consequences. 
(ii) 
The Calculation Agent is obliged to carry out its duties and functions as calculation agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
Investors should also refer to "Potential conflicts of interest" in the "Risks" section. 
Certain specific information may not be known at the beginning of an offer period 
In certain circumstances, at the commencement of an offer period in respect of W&C Securities, but prior to the 
issue date of such W&C Securities certain specific information (specifically, the issue price) may not be known. 
In these circumstances the Final Terms will specify in place of the relevant price a minimum and/or maximum 
price or an indicative range of prices. The actual price applicable to the W&C Securities will be selected by the 
Issuer from within the range or will not be higher than the maximum price and/or will not be lower than the 
minimum price as specified in the applicable Final Terms and will be notified to investors prior to the Issue Date. 
The actual price will be determined in accordance with market conditions by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner.  
Recognition of English court judgments following Brexit implementation period 
As a result of leaving the European Union (the "EU"), the United Kingdom (the "UK") is no longer bound by the 
provisions of Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 (the "Brussels Recast"), a formal reciprocal regime between EU 
Member States on the allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual recognition and enforcement of Member State 
judgments. It is also no longer a member of another convention on the allocation of jurisdiction and the mutual 
enforcement of judgments, the Lugano Convention 2007 (the "Lugano Convention"). The EU, Switzerland, 
Iceland and Norway are members of the Lugano Convention. As a result, the Brussels Recast and the Lugano 
Convention regimes are no longer applied by English courts, save in relation to legacy cases. As a further 
consequence,  English judgments are no longer recognised and enforced in the courts of Member States/Norway, 
Iceland and Switzerland under these regimes, again, save for legacy cases (Norway has put in place arrangements 
with the UK for the reciprocal enforcement of judgments). 
The UK has applied to re-join the Lugano Convention. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, this application 
remains pending (although the Commission has indicated that it does not agree with the UK’s readmission).

--- Page 36 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
36 
 
On 1 January 2021, the UK re-joined the Hague Convention on Choice of Court Agreements 2005 ("Hague 
2005"). The UK was previously a party to this convention by virtue of the EU being a contracting state. Hague 
2005 is an international convention on the jurisdiction and the reciprocal enforcement of contracting state 
judgments. Hague 2005 requires contracting states to respect exclusive jurisdiction clauses in favour of other 
contracting state courts and to enforce resulting judgments. The UK, EU, Denmark, Mexico, Montenegro and 
Singapore are contracting states. Under Hague 2005, English judgments issued by an English court pursuant to an 
exclusive jurisdiction clause entered into after 1 January 2021 can be recognised and enforced in EU states (and 
Mexico, Montenegro and Singapore), subject to standard exceptions. It is generally considered that Hague 2005 
only covers exclusive jurisdiction clauses and resulting judgments.   
Where English judgments are not within the scope of Hague 2005, it will be necessary to consider the applicable 
national law rules on jurisdiction and enforcement. 
In 2022, the EU ratified another convention dealing with the cross border enforcement of judgments, the 2019 
Hague Convention on Recognition and Enforcement of Judgments ("Hague 2019"). In December 2022, the UK 
Government launched a consultation on the UK joining Hague 2019. If the UK does join Hague 2019 (and it is 
currently expected that it will), this will provide a mechanism for the enforcement of a wide range of English 
judgments in the EU (and other contracting states). Currently Hague 2019 has only been ratified by the EU and 
Ukraine. Although there are subject matter exclusions, Hague 2019 covers a much wider range of judgments than 
Hague 2005 and importantly for investors, would cover judgments issued pursuant to asymmetric jurisdiction 
clauses.  
Assuming the UK does accede to Hague 2019, there would be a time lag in its application. Hague 2019 would 
only apply to judgments where the convention was in force in both the state of origin and the state of enforcement 
when the proceedings leading to the judgment were initiated.  Moreover, under the terms of Hague 2019, once a 
country ratifies the convention, there is a 12 month period before it is deemed to come into force in relation to 
that country.  
Banking regulations and resolution measures  
In France, credit institutions such as BNP Paribas must comply with the norms of financial management set by 
the Minister of Economy, the purpose of which is to ensure the creditworthiness and liquidity of French credit 
institutions. These banking regulations are mainly derived from EU directives and regulations. Banking 
regulations implementing the Basel III reforms were adopted on 26 June 2013, and subsequently revised following 
legislative proposals issued by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 (the "EU Banking Package") 
consisting of Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to 
the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended from time to time including by Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 (the "CRD") and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time including by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 and 
Regulation (EU) 2020/873 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 June 2020 amending Regulations 
(EU) No 575/2013 and (EU) 2019/876 as regards certain adjustments in response to the COVID-19 pandemic (the 
"CRR"). Furthermore, Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
from time to time including by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 as part of the EU Banking Package (the "BRRD") and Regulation (EU) 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 1093/2010, as amended from time to time including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 as part of the EU 
Banking Package (the "SRMR"), aim at addressing banking crises in a manner that ensures that losses are borne 
primarily by shareholders and creditors rather than taxpayers while minimizing effects on financial stability, and 
entrusts resolution authorities with certain recovery and resolution powers to this effect. The SRMR provides for

--- Page 37 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
37 
 
the establishment of a single resolution board (the "Single Resolution Board") and a single resolution fund (the 
"Single Resolution Fund") funded through contributions made by the banking industry. 
The amended versions of the CRD and of the BRRD were required to be implemented into national law by 
December 2020. The amended version of the CRR has taken effect as from June 2021, with the exception of 
certain provisions that had already entered into effect or that will take effect through 2025. The amended version 
of the SRMR took effect as from 28 December 2020. 
The European Commission presented on October 27, 2021 a legislative package to finalize the implementation of 
the Basel III standards within the European Union amending the above-mentioned banking regulations. On April 
18, 2023, the European Commission presented a legislative package to adjust and further strengthen the EU’s 
existing bank crises management and deposit insurance ("CMDI") framework by amending the BRRD, the SRMR 
and the Deposit Guarantee Scheme Directive ("DGSD"). The legislative package will now be discussed by the 
European Parliament and the Council. 
As a significant Eurozone institution, BNP Paribas is subject to the supervision of the ECB since November 2014. 
As of 1 January 2016, the Single Resolution Board became the competent resolution authority with respect to 
significant Eurozone institutions such as BNP Paribas, and is in charge of the resolution tasks relating to the 
implementation of BRRD/SRMR.  
2. 
Investment considerations associated with certain interest rates 
Additional information on EURIBOR and related reforms 
The euro risk free rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that continuing 
to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro 
area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk free rate working group published its recommendations on 
EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Investors should note that, if EURIBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, in respect of W&C Securities 
that pay an Automatic Early Redemption Amount linked to an AER Rate following the occurrence of an 
Automatic Early Redemption Event, the Automatic Early Redemption Amount will be determined for the relevant 
period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the W&C Securities, as further described in the Conditions. 
If EURIBOR or any other benchmark is discontinued, the applicable AER Rate may be changed 
In respect of W&C Securities that pay an Automatic Early Redemption Amount linked to an AER Rate following 
the occurrence of an Automatic Early Redemption Event, if the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines at any 
time that the relevant reference rate has been discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the 
relevant reference rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority 
or any similar institution in the jurisdiction of the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards. If the Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint a determination agent (which may be the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) or an affiliate of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent) who will 
determine a replacement reference rate, as well as any required changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for calculating 
the replacement rate including any adjustment required to make such replacement reference rate comparable to 
the relevant reference rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding, and will apply to the relevant W&C Securities.

--- Page 38 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
38 
 
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. It is possible that if an 
adjustment is applied to any W&C Securities such adjustment may not reflect this difference in performance 
exactly.  
The conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks for rate quotations, which may 
not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a sustained period of time (or at all). 
If the relevant screen page for the reference rate is not available or it is not possible to obtain quotations then the 
Calculation Agent will determine the relevant rate of interest for the affected W&C Securities at the relevant time 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. Investors should note that the replacement rate 
may be different to the original rate. 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in the market 
for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the W&C Securities provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the 
designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the determination agent appointed by the Calculation 
Agent considers that such replacement reference rate is no longer substantially comparable to the original 
reference rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-
appoint a determination agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original determination agent) for 
the purposes of confirming the replacement reference rate or determining a substitute replacement reference rate 
(despite the continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such substitute replacement 
reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected W&C Securities. This could 
impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the W&C Securities.  
3. 
Investment considerations associated with W&C Securities with specific features 
Additional information in respect of W&C Securities denominated in Renminbi  
Investors may be required to provide certification and other information (including Renminbi account 
information) in order to be allowed to receive payments in Renminbi in accordance with the Renminbi clearing 
and settlement system for participating banks in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
All Renminbi payments to investors in the W&C Securities will be made solely (i) for so long as the W&C 
Securities are represented by a Global Security held with the common depositary, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a RMB bank account maintained in the CNY 
Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg rules and 
procedures, or (ii) so long as the W&C Securities are in definitive form, by transfer to a RMB bank account 
maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.  The relevant 
Issuer will not be required to make payment by any other means (including in any other currency or in bank notes, 
by cheque or draft or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
4. 
Investment considerations associated with adjustment, disruption and related redemption 
provisions in respect of the W&C Securities 
Description of Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events. 
The Additional Disruption Events correspond to changes in law (including changes in tax or regulatory capital 
requirements) and hedging disruptions in respect of any hedging transactions relating to the W&C Securities. The 
Optional Additional Disruption Events that may be specified in the applicable Final Terms correspond to the 
occurrence of an event relating to benchmark reform (including a material change, permanent cancellation or issue 
with any official authorisation of the benchmark, administrator or sponsor) (an Administrator/Benchmark Event), 
an early redemption of any Debt Instruments (a Cancellation Event), an issue converting or determining a rate for 
a currency (a Currency Event), a materially increased cost of hedging (an Increased Cost of Hedging), an increase 
in the rate to borrow any relevant share or any component of an Index (an Increased Cost of Stock Borrow), 
circumstances where it is impracticable, illegal or impossible to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise deal in the 
Underlying Reference (a Jurisdiction Event), insolvency of the relevant Share Company or Basket Company (an

--- Page 39 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
39 
 
Insolvency Filing), an inability to borrow any relevant share (a Loss of Stock Borrow)  and/or a drop in the price 
of a Share below 5 per cent. (or such other value specified in the applicable Final Terms) of its Strike Price (a 
Stop-Loss Event). Each of the Additional Disruption Events and Optional Additional Disruption Events are both 
more fully set out in the Conditions. 
Description of Early Redemption Amount and Payments on Cancellation 
The manner in which the amount due to Holders on an early redemption (in the case of Certificates) or cancellation 
(in the case of Warrants) of the W&C Securities is determined may depend on the event that has triggered an early 
redemption (in the case of Certificates) or cancellation (in the case of Warrants) of the W&C Securities and the 
early redemption (in the case of Certificates) or cancellation (in the case of Warrants) method specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The W&C Securities will be redeemed (in the case of Certificates) or cancelled (in the 
case of Warrants) at an amount calculated by reference to (unless otherwise specified) the fair market value of 
such W&C Securities (the "Early Redemption Amount").  
If the W&C Securities are early redeemed or cancelled, as the case may be, in part, the amount calculated as 
payable on such early redemption (in the case of Certificates) or cancellation (in the case of Warrants) will take 
into account that only a portion of the outstanding W&C Securities are being early redeemed or cancelled, as the 
case may be. 
5. 
Investment considerations associated with W&C Securities linked to the performance of one or 
more Underlying References 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Index Securities. 
In respect of Index Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the value of the underlying index/indices and/or the Index Securities will pay interest calculated by reference to 
the value of the underlying index/indices. Such underlying index may be a well-known and widely published 
index or an index which may not be widely published or available. The index may reference, among other asset 
types, equities, bonds, currency exchange rates, or other securities or it may be a property index referencing certain 
property price data which will be subject to market price fluctuations, or reference a number of different assets or 
indices. A property index may include valuations only and not actual transactions and the property data sources 
used to compile the index may be subject to change.  
If the Index specified in the Final Terms is replaced by a successor index with the same or a substantially similar 
method for calculating that index or the original index sponsor is replaced by a successor index sponsor acceptable 
to the Calculation Agent, the successor index or the successor index sponsor will replace the original index or 
original index sponsor, as applicable.  
If the published level of an Index is subsequently corrected, the corrected level will be used if corrected within 
the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected level is published less than three Business Days prior to a 
due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Share Securities 
In respect of Share Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the value of the share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the physical delivery of a given number of 
share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs and/or the Share Securities will pay interest calculated by 
reference to the value of the underlying share(s) or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs. 
No issuer of the underlying shares will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in 
establishing the terms of the Share Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Manager 
will make any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information 
concerning any such issuer of shares contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such

--- Page 40 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
40 
 
information was extracted. Consequently, all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events 
that would affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph 
or in any relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the share or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or 
ADRs may not have been publicly disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or 
failure to disclose material future events concerning such an issuer of shares could affect the trading price of the 
share or Stapled Shares, GDRs and/or ADRs which is observed. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant shares to which such Share Securities relate. 
A Potential Adjustment Event will occur in a number of scenarios more fully described in the Conditions that 
have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the share(s). The Calculation Agent may adjust 
the terms of the Share Securities as it determines appropriate to take account of such Potential Adjustment Event.  
If the Stapled Shares become de-stapled such that one or more shares comprising the Stapled Shares may be held, 
owned, sold, transferred, purchased and otherwise dealt with as an individual share, the Issuer may elect to 
substitute the Stapled Shares with an alternative share meeting certain criteria selected by the Calculation Agent.  
In addition, if the published price of a Share is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be used if corrected 
within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of ETI Securities 
In respect of ETI Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the value of an interest in one or more exchange traded instruments (an "ETI Interest") and/or the ETI Securities 
will pay interest calculated by reference to the value of one or more ETI Interests. While ETI Interests are traded 
on an exchange and are therefore valued in a similar manner as a share traded on an exchange, certain provisions 
related to ETI Securities are similar to the provisions related to funds and Fund Securities.  
In hedging the relevant Issuer's obligations under the ETI Securities, an entity providing such hedging (the "Hedge 
Provider") is not restricted to any particular hedging practice. Accordingly, the Hedge Provider may hedge its 
exposure using any method it, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate. The Hedge Provider may perform any 
number of different hedging practices with respect to ETI Securities without taking into account any Holder's 
interests. 
No entity related to the ETI will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the ETI Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Manager will make 
any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such 
ETI contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information was extracted. Consequently, 
all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would affect the accuracy or 
completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any relevant Final Terms) 
that would affect the trading price of the interests in the exchange traded instrument may not have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future 
events concerning such an exchange traded instrument could affect the trading price of interests in the exchange 
traded instruments which is observed.  
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant ETIs to which such ETI Securities relate. 
If the published price of an ETI Interest is subsequently corrected, the corrected price will be used if corrected 
within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected price is published less than three Business Days prior 
to a due date for payment it will be disregarded.

--- Page 41 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
41 
 
Additional investment considerations in respect of Debt Securities 
In respect of Debt Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the price or yield of the underlying debt instrument(s). 
If the published reference price of a debt instrument is subsequently corrected, the corrected reference price will 
be used if corrected within the prescribed period, provided that, if the corrected reference price is published less 
than three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment it will be disregarded. 
Investors should note that if an underlying debt instrument is redeemed or cancelled by the relevant issuer of such 
debt instrument (for example, following an event of default under the terms of the relevant debt instrument), the 
Issuer will early redeem the Debt Securities at the Early Redemption Amount in accordance with the Conditions.  
Additional investment considerations in respect of Fund Securities 
In respect of Fund Securities, Holders will receive an amount (if any) on redemption determined by reference to 
the value of fund shares or units in one or more funds (including hedge funds, mutual funds or private equity 
funds) (each a "Fund"). The value of fund shares or units may be affected by the performance of the fund service 
providers, and in particular the investment adviser (each a "Fund Service Provider"). 
Funds may trade and invest in a broad range of investments and financial instruments using sophisticated 
investment techniques. None of the relevant Issuer, the Guarantor (if any) or the Calculation Agent have any 
control over investments made by a Fund and therefore in no way guarantee the performance of a Fund. Funds 
may often be illiquid and may only be traded on a monthly, quarterly or even less frequent basis. The trading 
strategies of Funds are often opaque. Funds, as well as the markets and instruments in which they invest, are often 
not subject to review by governmental authorities, self-regulatory organisations or other supervisory authorities. 
A Fund may be established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. Generally, a master-feeder fund structure 
involves the incorporation of a "master" fund company into which separate and distinct "feeder" funds invest. 
Active management of any investment strategy is, generally, performed at the master fund level. In instances 
where the Fund(s) underlying the relevant Fund Securities are "feeder" funds, the Extraordinary Fund Events 
described below extend to include the "master" fund and its service providers. In conducting their own due 
diligence of the relevant Fund(s), prospective investors should consider whether the relevant Fund(s) are 
established as part of a master-feeder fund structure. 
No Fund Service Provider will have participated in the preparation of the relevant Final Terms or in establishing 
the terms of the Fund Securities, and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any Manager will make 
any investigation or enquiry in connection with such offering with respect to any information concerning any such 
issuer of fund shares or units contained in such Final Terms or in the documents from which such information 
was extracted. Consequently, all events occurring prior to the relevant issue date (including events that would 
affect the accuracy or completeness of the publicly available information described in this paragraph or in any 
relevant Final Terms) that would affect the trading price of the fund shares or units may not have been publicly 
disclosed. Subsequent disclosure of any such events or the disclosure of or failure to disclose material future 
events concerning such an issuer of fund shares or units could affect the trading price of the fund shares or units 
and therefore the trading price of the Fund Securities. 
Except as provided in the Conditions, Holders will not have voting rights or rights to receive dividends or 
distributions or any other rights with respect to the relevant fund shares or units to which such Fund Securities 
relate. 
Additional investment considerations in respect of market access products 
Prospective purchasers of the W&C Securities should note that the W&C Securities are market access products 
in that the Issuer's obligations in respect thereof may be hedged by means of the Share(s), the Index, the Shares

--- Page 42 ---
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
 
42 
 
comprised in the Index, the Shares relating to the depositary receipts, the Debt Securities and/or any instrument 
used for the purposes of hedging obligations under the W&C Securities being held by a Qualified Investor which 
is a company within the Issuer's group.  Although the prospective purchaser of the W&C Securities will have no 
proprietary interest in such Share(s), the Index, the Shares comprised in the Index, the Shares relating to the 
depositary receipts, the Debt Securities and/or any instrument used for the purposes of hedging obligations under 
the W&C Securities, the economic and other risks associated with such Shares, the Index, the Shares comprised 
in the Index, the Shares relating to the depositary receipts, the Debt Securities and/or instrument shall be assumed 
by the prospective purchasers of W&C Securities as set out further in the Conditions. 
A trading market for the W&C Securities may not be liquid.  Prospective purchasers of the W&C Securities should 
note that the liquidity of any trading market for the W&C Securities is directly linked to the liquidity of any trading 
market for the Shares, the depositary receipts, the Debt Securities or the Index or contracts or instruments which 
reference the Index. 
Prospective purchasers of the W&C Securities should also be aware that the probability of the occurrence of a 
Hedging Disruption Event (or other adjustment event under the relevant legal terms as set out further in the 
Conditions) may be higher for certain developing or emerging markets as further described in "Risks associated 
with W&C Securities with a nexus to emerging markets" above.

--- Page 43 ---
USER’S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
43 
 
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
The purpose of this section (the "User's Guide") is to provide potential investors with a tool to help them navigate 
through the various documents relating to W&C Securities issued by BNPP or BNPP B.V. under the Base 
Prospectus. 
2. 
DOCUMENTATION 
For each issue of W&C Securities under the Base Prospectus, the documents listed below will be available to 
potential investors on an on-going basis. 
2.1 
The Base Prospectus 
This document: 
 
contains an overview of the contents of this Base Prospectus, the information relating to BNPP (as Issuer 
or Guarantor) and BNPP B.V. (as Issuer) and the risk factors; 
 
sets out the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities (other than the specific commercial terms and 
characteristics of a particular issue, in respect of which, see paragraph 2.3 below);  
 
sets out the possible specific characteristics of the W&C Securities, including the payout formulae used 
to calculate the amount(s) (if any) payable to the investors on the exercise/redemption date and the 
Underlying Reference(s); and 
 
details the terms specific to each type of Underlying Reference linked W&C Securities in the annexes to 
the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities. 
2.2 
The Supplement(s) 
If a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Base 
Prospectus, which is capable of affecting a potential investor's assessment of the W&C Securities arises, the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (if applicable) will publish a supplement to the Base Prospectus. The supplement approved by 
the Autorité des Marchés Financiers (the "AMF") in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
published on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and on the website of BNPP (https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/resourceindex.htm).   
In accordance with Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation, investors who have already agreed to purchase or 
subscribe for W&C Securities before a supplement is published have the right, exercisable within two working 
days after the publication of such supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy arose or was noted before the closing of the offer period or the 
delivery of the W&C Securities, whichever occurs later. Investors should be aware, however, that the law of the 
jurisdiction in which they have accepted an offer of W&C Securities may provide for a longer time limit. 
2.3 
The Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) Final Terms for Exempt Securities  
The Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) the Final Terms for Exempt Securities  will be prepared to 
document each specific issue of W&C Securities. It will contain: 
 
the specific terms of the issue, including but not limited to: the number of W&C Securities being issued, 
the relevant identification codes and the currency of the W&C Securities;

--- Page 44 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
44 
 
 
the commercial terms of the issue, such as the payout formula, any automatic early redemption provisions 
and the related definitions in respect of a specific issue of W&C Securities, as described in the Base 
Prospectus and completed by the applicable Final Terms or (in the case of Exempt Securities) as further 
described in the applicable Final Terms for Exempt Securities; 
 
the Underlying Reference(s) to which the W&C Securities are linked; 
 
the relevant dates, such as the issue date, exercise or redemption date(s) or exercise period, valuation or 
averaging date(s) and settlement date; and 
 
if required, a duly completed summary specific to such issue of W&C Securities (the "issue specific 
summary"). 
3. 
HOW TO NAVIGATE THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
All W&C Securities issued under the Base Prospectus will be subject to the generic sections of the Base Prospectus 
summarised above. Investors should note that depending on the specific terms of an issue of W&C Securities 
not all sections of the Base Prospectus will be relevant to each issuance. 
The table below lists all of the sections of the Base Prospectus and their applicability to each issue of W&C 
Securities: 
 
Sections which are applicable to all W&C Securities 
 
Sections which are only applicable to specific issues of W&C Securities

--- Page 45 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
45 
 
Contents of the Base Prospectus 
 
4. 
HOW TO READ THE FINAL TERMS 
The applicable Final Terms are divided in three parts: 
 
Part A, titled "– CONTRACTUAL TERMS", which provides the specific contractual terms of the W&C 
Securities; 
 
Part B, titled "– OTHER INFORMATION", which provides other information specific to the W&C 
Securities; and 
1.
OVERVIEW OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
2.
RISKS 
3.
INVESTMENT CONSIDERATIONS 
4.
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
5.
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
6.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
7.
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
8.
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
9.
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME AND PAYOUT 
METHODOLOGY UNDER THIS BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
10.
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR THE W&C SECURITIES  
11.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
12.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Payouts 
 
13.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Index Securities 
14.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Share Securities 
15.
Additional Terms and Conditions for ETI Securities 
16.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Debt Securities 
17.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Fund Securities 
18.
Additional Terms and Conditions for Market Access Securities 
 
19.
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
20.
FORM OF GUARANTEE  
 
21.
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
22.
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP 
 
23.
FORM OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
24.
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
25.
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
26.
TAXATION 
27.
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE 
BENEFIT PLANS 
28.
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
29.
OFFERING AND SALE 
30.
GENERAL INFORMATION 
31.
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
 
 
 
1. Sections providing general information on the 
Base Prospectus, the Issuer(s), the Guarantor 
and the W&C Securities 
2. Section setting out the general terms 
governing the W&C Securities  
3. Section detailing the different payout formulae 
 
4. Sections applicable to W&C Securities 
depending on the Underlying Reference(s). One 
or more sections may apply depending on the 
Underlying Reference(s). 
6. Section detailing the terms of the  guarantee  
7. Sections relating to the Issuer / Guarantor (as 
applicable) 
 
 
8. Sections providing additional general 
information in respect of the W&C Securities 
5. Section detailing how the Issuer(s) will apply 
the proceeds of each issue of W&C Securities

--- Page 46 ---
USER'S GUIDE TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
46 
 
 
In the case of W&C Securities where an issue specific summary is required, an issue specific summary 
of the W&C Securities will be appended to the Final Terms.  
Exhaustive information on the characteristics of the W&C Securities as set out in Part A and Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms is available in the Base Prospectus. The following diagram indicates the links between the 
various clauses of Parts A and B of the applicable Final Terms and the corresponding sections of the Base 
Prospectus set out above.

--- Page 47 ---
AVAILABLE INFORMATION, FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, PRESENTATION OF 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
47 
 
AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
So long as any of the U.S. Securities are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 144(a)(3) under the 
Securities Act, and neither BNPP nor BNPP B.V. is subject to and in compliance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), nor exempt from reporting 
pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, BNPP has undertaken to furnish to each Holder or beneficial owner of 
U.S. Securities, whether issued by BNPP or issued by BNPP B.V. and to any prospective purchaser, any 
information required to be delivered under Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
The documents incorporated by reference (such sections being the "BNP Paribas Disclosure") contain forward-
looking statements.  BNPP, BNPP B.V. and the BNP Paribas Group (being BNP Paribas together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group" or "BNP Paribas Group") may also make forward-looking statements in 
their offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their officers, 
directors or employees to third parties.  Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about BNPP, 
BNPP B.V. or the Group's beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.  These statements are based 
on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be placed on them.  Forward-
looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and BNPP, BNPP B.V. and the Group undertake no 
obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
Most of the financial data presented, or incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus are presented in euros. 
The audited consolidated financial statements of BNPP for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 
2022 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by 
the European Union. IFRS differs in certain significant respects from generally accepted accounting principles in 
the United States ("U.S. GAAP"). The Group has made no attempt to quantify the impact of those differences. In 
making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own examination of the Group, the terms of an 
offering and the financial information. Potential investors should consult their own professional advisors for an 
understanding of the differences between IFRS and U.S. GAAP, and how those differences might affect the 
information herein. The Group's fiscal year ends on 31 December and references in the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) and the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) and any 
amendment to the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) (in each case, as defined in 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference" below and incorporated by reference herein) to any specific fiscal year 
are to the 12-month period ended 31 December of such year. 
The audited financial statements of BNPP B.V. for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been prepared in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the Netherlands ("Dutch GAAP") and the audited 
financial statements of BNPP B.V. for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS. 
Due to rounding, the numbers presented throughout the BNP Paribas Disclosure and in the table under the heading 
"Capitalization and Medium and Long Term Debt Indebtedness over one year of BNPP and the BNP Paribas 
Group" in the General Information section below may not add up precisely, and percentages may not reflect 
precisely absolute figures.

--- Page 48 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
48 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have been 
previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and shall be incorporated in, and 
form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the terms and conditions of the Warrants and the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities in each 
case from the base prospectus or supplements listed below (the "Warrant Previous Conditions"); 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the Certificates from each base prospectus and supplements listed below (the 
"Certificate Previous Conditions"); 
(c) 
the form of final terms of the W&C Securities contained in each base prospectus listed below (the 
"Previous Form of Final Terms"); 
(d) 
the statutory annual reports for 2021 (the "2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report") and 2022 (the "2022 
BNPP B.V. Annual Report") which include, respectively, the audited annual non-consolidated financial 
statements of BNPP B.V. as at, and for the years ended, 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022 (the 
"BNPP B.V. 2021 Financial Statements" and the "BNPP B.V. 2022 Financial Statements" 
respectively) and the respective auditors' reports thereon; 
(e) 
BNPP's Document d'Enregistrement Universel au 31 décembre 2021 et rapport financier annuel in 
English including the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the 
statutory auditors' report thereon, other than the sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal 
Registration Document" and the "Table of Concordance", with filing number D.22-0156 (the "BNPP 
2021 Universal Registration Document (in English)"); 
(f) 
BNPP's Document d’Enregistrement Universel au 31 décembre 2022 et rapport financier annuel in 
English, including the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the 
statutory auditors' report thereon (other than the sections entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal 
Registration Document" and the "Table of Concordance") with filing number D.23-0143 (the "BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English)");  
(g) 
the first Amendement au Document d'Enregistrement Universel 2022 (in English), other than the sections 
entitled "Person Responsible for the Universal Registration Document" and the "Table of Concordance", 
with filing number D.23-0143-A01 (the "First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English)"), and 
(h) 
the press release dated 31 March 2023 relating to the launch of the first tranche of the share buyback 
programme planned for 2023 (the "31 March 2023 Press Release"),  
save that any statement contained herein or in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein 
shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that such 
statement is inconsistent with a statement contained in this Base Prospectus or any supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list below) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference above is available as follows:

--- Page 49 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
49 
 
Information Incorporated by Reference 
Reference 
Warrant Previous Conditions 
https://rates-globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx  
2005 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 42 to 93 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 October 2005 as approved by the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") 
January 2006 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 55 to 109 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 January 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
June 2006 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 49 to 117 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
December 2006 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 2 to 10 of the supplement dated 21 December 
2006 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 21 June 2006, as approved by the CSSF 
March 2007 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 3 to 12 of the supplement dated 1 March 2007 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
21 June 2006, as approved by the CSSF 
May 2007 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 55 to 144 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2007 as approved by the 
CSSF 
May 2008 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 68 to 181 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2008 as approved by the 
Authority for the Financial Markets (the "AFM") 
August 2008 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 45 to 158 of the supplement dated 14 August 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2008, as approved by the AFM 
June 2009 Warrant Conditions 
Pages 87 to 215 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 4 June 2009 as approved by the 
AFM 
June 2010 Securities Conditions  
Pages 130 to 235 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 3 June 2010 as approved by the 
AFM 
March 2011 Securities Conditions 
Pages 20 to 54 of the supplement dated 24 March 2011 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
3 June 2010, as approved by the AFM

--- Page 50 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
50 
 
June 2011 Securities Conditions 
Pages 138 to 461 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 7 June 2011 as approved by the 
AFM 
September 2011 Securities Conditions 
Pages 2 to 3 of the supplement dated 14 September 
2011 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 7 June 2011, as approved by the AFM 
April 2012 Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 6 of the supplement dated 4 April 2012 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 7 
June 2011, as approved by the AFM 
June 2012 Securities Conditions 
Pages 152 to 492 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 1 June 2012 as approved by the 
AFM 
June 2013 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 347 to 831 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV ("BNPPF"), 
BP2F and BGL BNP Paribas ("BGL") dated 3 June 
2013 as approved by the AMF with visa number 13-
259 
July 2013 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 6 of the supplement dated 24 July 2013 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 13-416 
September 2013 W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 12 of the supplement dated 12 September 2013 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 13-490 
November 2013 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 12 to 129 of the supplement dated 12 November 
2013 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 13-602 
December 2013 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 9 to 17 of the supplement dated 20 December 
2013 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 13-687 
January 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 9 to 15 of the supplement dated 10 January 2014 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-008 
April 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 29 to 62 of the supplement dated 11 April 2014 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-145

--- Page 51 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
51 
 
June 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 402 to 908 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-
276 
August 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 24 of the supplement dated 7 August 2014 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF 
and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 14-457 
5 September 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 15 of the supplement dated 5 September 2014 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-485 
22 September 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 12 to 157 of the supplement dated 22 September 
2014 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 14-510 
October 2014 W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 101 of the supplement dated 10 October 2014 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-543 
February 2015 W&C Securities Conditions  
Pages 22 to 25 of the supplement dated 10 February 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-049 
March 2015 W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 30 of the supplement dated 30 March 2015 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF 
and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 15-125 
June 2015 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 455 to 1055 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 
2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 15-
262 
August 2015 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 12 to 14 of the supplement dated 6 August 2015 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 15-443 
September 2015 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 24 to 32 of the supplement dated 10 September 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-478 
November 2015 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 18 and 19 of the supplement dated 10 
November 2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V.,

--- Page 52 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
52 
 
BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-568 
February 2016 W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 193 to 196 of the supplement dated 29 February 
2016 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 16-065 
June 2013 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 99 to 224 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
dated 21 June 2013 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 13-292 
August 2013 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 3 of the supplement dated 12 August 2013 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2013 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 13-457 
December 2013 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 6 to 12 of the supplement dated 20 December 
2013 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 21 
June 2013 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
13-688 
March 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 7 of the supplement dated 3 March 2014 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2013  
as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-064 
April 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 6 to 11 of the supplement dated 11 April 2014 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 
2013 as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-
144 
May 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 8 of the supplement dated 21 May 2014 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2013 
as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-221 
August 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 117 to 243 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
dated 8 August 2014 as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-458 
September 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 5 of the supplement dated 19 September 
2014 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 
August 2014 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 14-509 
October 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 6 to 18 of the supplement dated 3 October 2014 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 August 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-
538 
November 2014 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 5 of the supplement dated 27 November 
2014 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 
August 2014 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 13-628

--- Page 53 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
53 
 
February 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 7 of the supplement dated 19 February 2015 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 August 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 15-
056 
April 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 20 of the supplement dated 10 April 2015 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 August 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 15-
148 
May 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 8 of the supplement dated 28 May 2015 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. dated 8 August 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 15-
235 
July 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 125 to 258 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 15-442 
August 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 6 of the supplement dated 6 August 2015 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 
1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
15-328 
September 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 5 of the supplement dated 22 September 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
dated 1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 15-494 
November 2015 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 4 to 7 of the supplement dated 25 November 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
dated 1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 15-606 
January 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 6 of the supplement dated 7 January 2016 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 
1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
16-013 
March 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 138 to 153 of the supplement dated 9 March 
2016 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
dated 1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 16-072 
April 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 6 to 14 of the supplement dated 6 April 2016 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 1 
July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
16-013 
May 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 5 to 8 of the supplement dated 18 May 2016 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 1 
July 2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
16-183

--- Page 54 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
54 
 
July 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 226 to 359 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 5 July 2016 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 16-293 
August 2016 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 13 of the supplement dated 11 August 2016 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 5 
July 2016 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
16-395 
July 2017 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 243 to 380 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 3 July 2017 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 17-319 
November 2017 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 20 of the supplement dated 30 November 2017 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 
3 July 2017 as approved by the AMF with visa number 
17-622 
July 2018 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 254 to 397 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 5 July 2018 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 18-289 
August 2018 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 22 and 23 of the supplement dated 24 August 
2018 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
dated 5 July 2018 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 18-397 
July 2019 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 243 to 389 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 3 July 2019 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 19-313 
July 2020 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 121 to 262 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 1 July 2020 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 20-298 
March 2021 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Page 200 of the supplement dated 5 March 2021 to the 
2020 MAS Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 21-059 
June 2021 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 127 to 268 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 30 June 2021 as approved by the 
AMF with visa number 21-264 
June 2022 MAS W&C Securities Conditions 
Pages 130 to 272 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 30 June 2022 as approved by the 
AMF with visa number 22-252 (the “2022 MAS Base 
Prospectus”) 
April 2023 MAS W&C Securities Conditions  
Page 13 of the supplement dated 11 April 2023 to the 
2022 MAS Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 23-110.  
Certificate Previous Conditions

--- Page 55 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
55 
 
https://rates-globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx 
2005 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 94 to 135 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 October 2005 as approved by the 
CSSF 
January 2006 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 110 to 154 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 January 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
June 2006 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 143 to 214 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
December 2006 Certificate Conditions 
Page 2 of the supplement dated 21 December 2006 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
21 June 2006, as approved by the CSSF 
March 2007 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 13 to 21 of the supplement dated 1 March 2007 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
21 June 2006, as approved by the CSSF 
May 2007 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 171 to 254 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2007 as approved by the 
CSSF 
May 2008 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 226 to 388 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2008 as approved by the 
AFM 
August 2008 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 207 to 369 of the supplement dated 14 August 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 21 June 2006, as approved by the AFM 
June 2009 Certificate Conditions 
Pages 284 to 471 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 4 June 2009 as approved by the 
AFM 
Previous Form of Final Terms 
https://rates-globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDocs.aspx 
2005 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 84 to 100 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 October 2005 as approved by the 
CSSF 
January 2006 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 35 to 54 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 January 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
June 2006 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 31 to 48 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF

--- Page 56 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
56 
 
May 2007 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 33 to 54 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2007 as approved by the 
CSSF 
July 2007 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 23 to 45 of the supplement dated 11 July 2007 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
30 May 2007, as approved by the AFM 
January 2008 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 235 to 264 of the supplement dated 8 January 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2007, as approved by the AFM 
May 2008 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 39 to 67 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2008 as approved by the 
AFM 
August 2008 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 15 to 44 of the supplement dated 14 August 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2008, as approved by the AFM 
June 2009 Form of Final Terms for Warrants 
Pages 50 to 86 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 4 June 2009 as approved by the 
AFM 
2005 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 25 to 41 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 October 2005 as approved by the 
CSSF 
January 2006 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 35 to 54 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 18 January 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
June 2006 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 118 to 142 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 21 June 2006 as approved by the 
CSSF 
March 2007 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 47 to 69 of the supplement dated 1 March 2007 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
21 June 2006, as approved by the CSSF 
May 2007 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 145 to 170 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2007 as approved by the 
CSSF 
July 2007 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 46 to 73 of the supplement dated 11 July 2007 
to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 
30 May 2007, as approved by the CSSF 
October 2007 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 31 to 66 of the supplement dated 3 October 
2007 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2007, as approved by the CSSF

--- Page 57 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
57 
 
January 2008 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 235 to 264 of the supplement dated 8 January 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2007, as approved by the CSSF 
May 2008 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 182 to 225 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 30 May 2008 as approved by the 
AFM 
August 2008 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 159 to 206 of the supplement dated 14 August 
2008 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 30 May 2008, as approved by the AFM 
June 2009 Form of Final Terms for Certificates 
Pages 227 to 283 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 4 June 2009 as approved by the 
AFM 
June 2010 Form of Final Terms for Securities 
Pages 57 to 129 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 3 June 2010 as approved by the 
AFM 
March 2011 Form of Final Terms for Securities 
Pages 17 to 19 of the supplement dated 24 March 
2011 to the base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. 
dated 3 June 2010, as approved by the AFM 
June 2011 Form of Final Terms for Securities 
Pages 72 to 137 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 7 June 2011 as approved by the 
AFM 
April 2012 Form of Final Terms for Securities 
Page 4 of the supplement dated 4 April 2012 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP and BNPP B.V. dated 7 
June 2011, as approved by the AFM 
June 2012 Form of Final Terms for Securities 
Pages 84 to 151 of the base prospectus of BNPP and 
BNPP B.V. dated 1 June 2012 as approved by the 
AFM 
June 2013 Form of Final Terms for W&C Securities 
Pages 208 to 273 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BNPPF, BP2F and BGL dated 3 June 
2013 as approved by the AMF with visa number 13-
259 
November 2013 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 9 to 10 of the supplement dated 12 November 
2013 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 13-602 
December 2013 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 8 of the supplement dated 20 December 2013 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 13-687 
January 2014 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 8 of the supplement dated 10 January 2014 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F,

--- Page 58 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
58 
 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-008 
April 2014 Form of Final Terms for W&C Securities 
Pages 68 to 72 of the supplement dated 11 April 2014 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 3 June 2013 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 14-145 
June 2014 Form of Final Terms for W&C Securities 
Pages 260 to 338 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 
2014 as approved by the AMF with visa number 14-
276 
August 2014 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 23 of the supplement dated 7 August 2014 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF 
and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 14-457 
September 2014 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 10 to 11 of the supplement dated 22 September 
2014 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 14-510 
February 2015 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities  
Pages 15 to 18 of the supplement dated 10 February 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 5 June 2014 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-049 
June 2015 Form of Final Terms for W&C Securities 
Pages 282 to 367 of the base prospectus of BNPP 
B.V., BNPP, BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 
2015 as approved by the AMF with visa number 15-
262  
September 2015 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 22 to 23 of the supplement dated 10 September 
2015 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, 
BP2F, BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as 
approved by the AMF with visa number 15-478 
October 2015 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 10 of the supplement dated 8 October 2015 to 
the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 15-520 
November 2015 Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 15 of the supplement dated 10 November 2015 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V., BNPP, BP2F, 
BNPPF and BGL dated 9 June 2015 as approved by 
the AMF with visa number 15-568 
June 2013 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 69 to 98 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
dated 21 June 2013 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 13-292

--- Page 59 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
59 
 
August 2014 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 85 to 116 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
dated 8 August 2014 as approved by the AMF with 
visa number 14-458 
July 2015 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 94 to 124 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 1 July 2015 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 15-328 
July 2016 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 194 to 225 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 5 July 2016 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 16-293 
February 2017 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 184 of the supplement dated 28 February 2017 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 
5 July 2016 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 17-078 
July 2017 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 210 to 242 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 3 July 2017 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 17-319 
February 2018 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 172 of the supplement dated 21 February 2018 
to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 
3 July 2017 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 18-055 
July 2018 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 219 to 253 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 5 June 2018 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 18-289 
July 2019 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 208 to 242 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 3 July 2019 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 19-313 
July 2020 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 83 to 120 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 1 July 2020 as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 20-298 
March 2021 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 195 to 199 of the supplement dated 5 March 
2021 to the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
dated 1 July 2020 as approved by the AMF with visa 
number 21-059 
April 2021 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Page 20 of the supplement dated 7 April 2021 to the 
base prospectus of BNPP B.V. and BNPP dated 1 July 
2020 as approved by the AMF with visa number 21-
098 
June 2021 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 89 to 126 of the base prospectus of BNPP B.V. 
and BNPP dated 30 June 2021 as approved by the 
AMF wth visa number 21-264

--- Page 60 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
60 
 
June 2022 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities 
Pages 92 to 128 of the 2022 MAS Base Prospectus 
April 2023 MAS Form of Final Terms for W&C 
Securities  
Page 12 of the supplement dated 11 April 2023 to the 
2022 MAS Base Prospectus as approved by the AMF 
with visa number 23-110.

--- Page 61 ---
AVAILABLE INFORMATION, FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS, PRESENTATION OF 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
61 
 
 
 
 
BNP PARIBAS 
BNPP 2021 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT (IN ENGLISH) 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/groupe-de-document/universal-registration-document-and-annual-financial-
report-2021 
2021 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Page 180 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of net income and changes in assets and 
liabilities recognised directly in equity 
Page 181 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2021 
Page 182 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Page 183 of the BNPP 2021 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 
1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021 
Pages 184 and 185 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union 
Pages 186 to 290 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Statutory Auditors' report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 
Pages 291 to 296 of the BNPP 2021 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
BNPP 2022 UNIVERSAL REGISTRATION DOCUMENT (IN ENGLISH) 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/universal-registration-document-2022 
Headings as listed by Annex 1 of European Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No. 2019/980 
2. 
Statutory auditors 
Page 742 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
3. 
Risk factors 
Pages 315 to 330 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
4. 
Information about the Issuer 
Pages 4 to 6 and 751 to 753 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
5. 
Business overview 
 
5.1 
Principal activities 
Pages 7 to 19, 223 to 226 and 726 to 732 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English)

--- Page 62 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
62 
 
5.2 
Principal markets 
Pages 7 to 19, 223 to 226 and 726 to 732 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
5.3 
History and development of the issuer 
Page 6 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
5.4 
Strategy and objectives 
Pages 153 to 156, 626 to 627, 674 to 687 and 703 of 
the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document 
(in English) 
5.5 
Possible dependency 
Page 724 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
5.6 
Basis for any statements made by the Issuer 
regarding its competitive position 
Pages 7 to 19 and 128 to 144 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
5.7 
Investments 
Pages 274 to 275, 612, 672 to 673 and 725 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
6. 
Organisational structure 
 
6.1 
Brief description 
Pages 4 and 686 to 687 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
6.2 
List of significant subsidiaries 
Pages 287 to 295, 604 to 611 and 726 to 731 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
7. 
Operating and financial review 
 
7.1 
Financial situation 
Pages 156, 176, 178 and 574 to 575 of the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
7.2 
Operating results 
Pages 128 to 144, 151 to 152, 159 to 165, 176, 224 
and 574 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
8. 
Capital resources 
 
8.1 
Issuer’s capital resources 
Pages 180 to 181 and 599 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
8.2 
Sources and amounts of cash flows 
Page 179 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
8.3 
Borrowing 
requirements 
and 
funding 
structure 
Pages 156 and 502 to 519 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 63 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
63 
 
9. 
Regulatory environment 
Pages 305 and 313 to 314 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
10. 
Trend information 
 
10.1 
Main recent trends 
Pages 153 to 156 and 725 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
10.2 
Trends likely to have a material impact on the 
Issuer's outlook 
Pages 153 to 156 and 725 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
11. 
Profit forecasts or estimates 
N/A 
12. 
Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies, and senior 
management 
 
12.1 
Administrative and management bodies 
Pages 35 to 48 and 110 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
12.2 
Administrative and management bodies’ 
conflicts of interest 
Pages 53 to 54, 67 to 68 and 78 to 106 of the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
13. 
Remuneration and benefits 
 
13.1 
Amount of remuneration paid and benefits in 
kind granted 
Pages 78 to 106, 262 to 270 and 283 to 284 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
13.2 
Total amounts set aside or accrued by the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries to provide pension, 
retirement, or similar benefits 
Pages 78 to 106, 262 to 270 and 283 to 284 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
14. 
Board practices 
 
14.1 
Date of expiry of the current terms of office 
Pages 35 to 47 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
14.2 
Information 
about 
members 
of 
the 
administrative bodies’ service contracts with 
the Issuer 
N/A 
14.3 
Information about the audit committee and 
remuneration committee 
Pages 56 to 63 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
14.4 
Corporate governance regime in force in the 
issuer’s country of incorporation 
Pages 49 to 56 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
14.5 
Potential material impacts on the corporate 
governance 
Pages 35 to 47 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 64 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
64 
 
15. 
Employees 
 
15.1 
Number of employees 
Pages 4, 653 to 654 and 686 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
15.2 
Shareholdings and stock options 
Pages 78 to 106, 208 to 209 and 660 to 661 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
15.3 
Information about members of the 
administrative bodies’ service contracts with 
the Issuer 
N/A 
16. 
Major shareholders 
 
16.1 
Shareholders owning more than 5% of the 
Issuer’s capital or voting rights 
Pages 20 to 21 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
16.2 
Existence of different voting rights 
Page 20 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
16.3 
Control of the Issuer 
Pages 20 to 21 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
16.4 
Description of any arrangements, known to 
the Issuer, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change of control 
of the Issuer 
Page 21 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
17. 
Related party transactions 
Pages 78 to 106, 284 to 285, and 738 to 739 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
18. 
Financial information concerning the 
Issuer’s assets and liabilities,  
financial position, and profits and losses 
 
18.1 
Historical financial information 
Pages 5, 24, 128 to 296 and 574 to 612 of the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
18.2 
Interim and other financial information 
N/A 
18.3 
Auditing of historical annual financial 
information 
Pages 297 to 302 and 613 to 618 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
18.4 
Pro forma financial information 
N/A 
18.5 
Dividend policy 
Pages 24, 27 to 28, 156, and 602 of the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 65 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
65 
 
18.6 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Pages 273 to 274 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
18.7 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial or 
trading position 
Page 725 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
19. 
Additional information 
 
19.1 
Share capital 
Pages 20, 271 to 273, 593 to 595, 733 and 760 of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
19.2 
Memorandum and articles of association 
Pages 733 to 738 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
20. 
Material contracts 
Page 724 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
21. 
Documents on display 
Page 724 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
2022 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
Page 176 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of net income and changes in assets and 
liabilities recognised directly in equity 
Page 177 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2022 
Page 178 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
Page 179 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration 
Document (in English) 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity between 
1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 
Pages 180 and 181 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Notes to the financial statements prepared in 
accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards as adopted by the European Union 
Pages 182 to 296 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
Statutory Auditors' report on the Consolidated 
Financial Statements of BNP Paribas for the year 
ended 31 December 2022 
Pages 297 to 302 of the BNPP 2022 Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
https://invest.bnpparibas/en/document/1st-amendment-to-the-2022-universal-registration-document  
Headings as listed by Annex 1 of European Commission Delegated Regulation (EC) No. 2019/980

--- Page 66 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
66 
 
2. 
Statutory auditors  
Page 109 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
3. 
Risk factors 
Page 122 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
7. 
Operating and financial review 
 
7.1 
Financial situation 
Pages 3 to 71 of First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
7.2 
Operating results 
Pages 59 to 71 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
8. 
Capital resources 
 
8.1 
Issuer’s capital resources 
Pages 50 to 52, 56 to 58 and 75 to 82 of the First 
Amendment 
to 
the 
BNPP 
2022 
Universal 
Registration Document (in English) 
8.3 
Borrowing requirements and funding 
structure 
Page 16 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
10. 
Trend information 
 
10.1 
Main recent trends 
Page 84 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
10.2 
Trends likely to have a material impact on 
the Issuer’s outlook 
Page 84 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
13. 
Remuneration and benefits 
 
13.1 
Amount of remuneration paid and benefits 
in kind granted 
Pages 86 to 108 of the First Amendment to the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
13.2 
Total amounts set aside or accrued by the 
Issuer or its subsidiaries to provide pension, 
retirement, or similar benefits 
Pages 86 to 108 of the First Amendment of the 
BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) 
18. 
Financial information concerning the 
Issuer’s assets and liabilities, financial 
position, and profits and losses 
 
18.1 
Historical financial information 
Pages 59 to 71 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
18.2 
Interim and other financial information 
Pages 59 to 71 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English)

--- Page 67 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
67 
 
18.6 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
Pages 84 to 85 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) 
18.7 
Significant change in the Issuer’s financial 
or trading position 
Page 84 of the First Amendment to BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
21. 
Documents on display 
Page 84 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 
Universal Registration Document (in English) 
BNP PARIBAS ISSUANCE B.V. 
2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/index_files/2021_BNPP_Issuance_BV_initialled_final
_Annual_Report_2021.pdf  
Management Board Report  
Pages 3 to 4 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2021 
Page 5 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Profit and loss account for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Page 6 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Cash flow statement for the year ended 31 December 
2021 
Page 7 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 8 to 13 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Statutory arrangements concerning the appropriation 
of profits 
Page 15 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Independent Auditor's Report for the year ended 31 
December 2021 
Pages 16 to 22 of the 2021 BNPP B.V. Annual 
Report 
2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/index_files/BNPParibasIssuanceBVIFRSFinancialStat
ements2022.pdf 
Management Board Report  
Pages 3 to 5 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2022 
Page 6 to 7 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Income statement for the year ended 31 December 
2022 
Page 7 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 7 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 8 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Statement of cash flows at 31 December 2022 
Page 9 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report

--- Page 68 ---
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
68 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
Pages 10 to 35 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual 
Report 
Statutory arrangements concerning the appropriation 
of profits 
Page 36 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual Report 
Independent Auditor's Report for the year ended 31 
December 2022 
Pages 37 to 43 of the 2022 BNPP B.V. Annual 
Report 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the tables above 
is for information purposes only. 
Each Issuer will provide, free of charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been delivered, 
upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or all of the documents which are incorporated 
herein by reference in (a), (b) or (c) above. Each of the documents incorporated by reference in (d) to ((h)) above 
will only be made available by the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) to which such document relates. 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the relevant Issuer at its principal office set out 
at the end of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 69 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
69 
 
 
[FORM OF] FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – [Other than with respect to the jurisdiction(s) 
in which a key information document will be made available,][T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently, [save as provided above,] no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – [Unless a key information document will be 
made available,][T]/[t]he Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, [save as provided above,] no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]  
[MiFID II product governance / [Retail investors, professional]/[Professional] investors and ECPs only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by [the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA")]/[ESMA] on 5 February 2018, has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties[,] [and] professional clients 
[and retail clients], each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; [and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail 
clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure 
execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].]

--- Page 70 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
70 
 
 
1[UK MiFIR product governance / [Retail investors, professional]/[Professional] investors and ECPs only 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities, taking into account the five categories in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by [the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA")]/[ESMA] on 5 February 2018 (in 
accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Securities is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS")[,] [and] professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR") [and retail clients, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA")]; [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities are appropriate[, 
including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]]/[(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following 
channels for distribution of the Securities to retail clients are appropriate – [investment advice][,/ and] [portfolio 
management][,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Securities (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the 
distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 2  
[The Issuer accepts responsibility for this unsigned document in PDF format dated [date] and confirms 
that it is the final version of the Final Terms relating to the W&C Securities with [Series Number [Series 
Number]] [and] [ISIN [ISIN]]/[ISIN code(s) as specified in the section specific provisions for each series] 
for the issuance [and listing] of the W&C Securities described herein.] / [The Issuer accepts responsibility 
for this unsigned document in PDF format dated on the date mentioned below that is the final version 
(internal reference "FV") of the Final Terms relating to the W&C Securities described herein.] 
[The Base Prospectus expires on 29 June 2024 and the Issuer intends that the Base Prospectus will be 
updated before expiry. The updated base prospectus will be available on [https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/resourceindex.htm].]3 
FINAL TERMS DATED [] 
[BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. 
(incorporated in the Netherlands) 
(as Issuer) 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): 7245009UXRIGIRYOBR48]] 
BNP Paribas 
(incorporated in France) 
                                                     
1  
The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Securities are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are 
no UK MiFIR manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II 
product governance legend or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
2  
Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not approved by the FCA, an 
approval of this document or a drawdown prospectus approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail 
investors on a non-exempt basis. 
3  
Include in respect of an issue of W&C Securities for which the public offer period spans an update to the Base Prospectus or the 
Issue Date occurs after an update to the Base Prospectus where the public offer period concludes prior to the update to the Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 71 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
71 
 
 
(as [Issuer] / [Guarantor]) 
[Legal entity identifier (LEI): R0MUWSFPU8MPRO8K5P83] 
[insert title of W&C Securities] 
under the Note, Warrant and Certificate Programme 
of BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. and BNP Paribas 
The Base Prospectus received approval no. 23-256 on 29 June 2023 
[BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
(as Manager)] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the W&C Securities may only do so[: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in Paragraph 33 of Part A below, provided such 
person is a Manager or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus) and that such 
the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that any conditions relevant to 
the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise]4 in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer[, the Guarantor] or any Manager 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to [either of] [Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation] [or] [Section 85 
of the FSMA] or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each 
case, in relation to such offer. 
[Neither] [None of] the Issuer [nor], [the Guarantor or] any Manager has authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any offer of W&C Securities in any other circumstances.]5 
[Investors should note that if a supplement to or an updated version of the Base Prospectus referred to below is 
published at any time during the Offer Period (as defined below), such supplement or updated base prospectus, as 
the case may be, will be published and made available in accordance with the arrangements applied to the original 
publication of these Final Terms.  Any investors who have indicated acceptances of the Offer (as defined below) 
prior to the date of publication of such supplement or updated version of the Base Prospectus, as the case may be, 
(the "Publication Date") have the right within [two]/[specify longer period] working days of the Publication Date 
to withdraw their acceptances.]6 
 
 
 
                                                     
4  
Include this wording where a non-exempt offer of W&C Securities is anticipated. 
5  
Do not include if "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" and the related 
selling restrictions apply in all jurisdictions at all times. 
6  
Include in respect of issues of W&C Securities where the public offer period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an 
update to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 72 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
72 
 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 29 June 2023 [, [the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published and approved on or 
before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other Supplement 
to the Base Prospectus which may have been published and approved before the issue of any additional amount 
of W&C Securities (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and 
approved after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the W&C 
Securities such changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the W&C Securities to which these 
Final Terms relate)] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended or superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation") (the "Base Prospectus").  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the W&C Securities described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation 
and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus to obtain all the relevant information.  [A summary of 
the W&C Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] [The Base Prospectus [and] [,] [any Supplement(s) to the 
Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]7 [is/are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies 
may be obtained free of charge at the specified offices of the Security Agents.]]  
[The following alternative language applies if the W&C Securities are being issued pursuant to Conditions set 
forth in a previous Base Prospectus that is incorporated by reference herein, such as if the first tranche of an 
issue which is being increased was issued under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.  N.B. when using a post 
– 1 July 2012 approved Base Prospectus to tap a previous issue under a previously approved Base Prospectus, 
the final terms in the post – 1 July 2012 Base Prospectus may (and will if the previous issue was contemplated 
under a pre – 1 July 2012 Base Prospectus) take a different form to the final terms used for the original issue 
being tapped.  The Conditions of the original issue being tapped should be reviewed to ensure that they would not 
require the final terms documenting the further issue to include information which is no longer permitted in final 
terms.  Where the final terms documenting the further issue would need to include such information, it will not be 
possible to tap using final terms and a drawdown prospectus (incorporating the original Conditions and final 
terms) will instead need to be prepared. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [original date] [, [the][each] Supplement[s] to it published and approved on 
or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) and any other 
Supplement to it which may have been published and approved before the issue of any additional amount of W&C 
Securities (the "Supplements") (provided that to the extent any such Supplement (i) is published and approved 
after the date of these Final Terms and (ii) provides for any change to the Conditions of the W&C Securities such 
changes shall have no effect with respect to the Conditions of the W&C Securities to which these Final Terms 
relate)] which are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated [current date].  This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the W&C Securities described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
[current date] [and any Supplement[s] to it] to obtain all relevant information, which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus.  [A summary of the W&C Securities is annexed to these Final 
Terms.][The Base Prospectus [and] [,] [any Supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [and these Final Terms]8 
[is/are] available for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from [address].]  
[The following alternative language applies in respect of issues of W&C Securities (a) where the public offer 
period spans a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base Prospectus or (b) where the public 
offer period concludes prior to the publication of a supplement to the Base Prospectus or an update to the Base 
Prospectus, but the Issue Date of the Securities occurs after such publication.  
                                                     
7  
Include in respect of issues of W&C Securities that are listed. 
8  
Include in respect of issues of W&C Securities that are listed.

--- Page 73 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
73 
 
 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the "Conditions") 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [date][,][and][the][each] Supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus published 
and approved on or before the date of these Final Terms (copies of which are available as described below) 
[notwithstanding the publication and approval of any [other] Supplement to the 2023 Base Prospectus (each a 
"2023 Future Supplement") which may have been published and approved after the date of these Final Terms 
and before the [issue] [end of the public offer period] of the Securities to which these Final Terms relate) 
([together,] the "2023 Base Prospectus")] [and/or] [an updated Base Prospectus (any Supplement(s) thereto, each 
a "2024 Future Supplement"), which will replace the 2023 Base Prospectus (the "2024 Base Prospectus")] (the 
date of any such publication and approval, each a "Publication Date").  This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the W&C Securities described herein for the purposes Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation") and [(i) prior to any Publication Date, must be read in conjunction with the 2022 Base Prospectus, 
or (ii)] on and after any Publication Date must be read in conjunction with [the 2023 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented by any 2023 Future Supplement as at such date] [or, as applicable,] [the 2024 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented by any 2024 Future Supplement as at such date],] save in respect of the Conditions which are 
extracted from the 2023 Base Prospectus to obtain all the relevant information.  The 2023 Base Prospectus, as 
supplemented, constitutes[, and the 2024 Base Prospectus will constitute,] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation.  [A summary of the W&C Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.]  [The 2023 
Base Prospectus[, as supplemented,] [and] [these Final Terms] 9 [is/are] available[, and the 2024 Base 
Prospectus will be available] for viewing at [address] [and] [website] and copies may be obtained from 
[address].]  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs (in which case 
the subparagraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted).  Italics denote directions for 
completing the Final Terms. However, such numbering may change where individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs are removed.] 
References herein to numbered Conditions are to the terms and conditions of the relevant series of W&C Securities 
and words and expressions defined in such terms and conditions shall bear the same meaning in these Final Terms 
in so far as they relate to such series of W&C Securities, save as where otherwise expressly provided. 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
These Final Terms relate to the series of W&C Securities as set out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" below.  
References herein to "W&C Securities" shall be deemed to be references to the relevant W&C Securities that are 
the subject of these Final Terms and references to "W&C Security" shall be construed accordingly. 
SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR EACH SERIES 
 
SERIES 
NUMBE
R 
[TRANC
HE 
NUMBER 
NO. OF 
W&C 
SECURITI
ES ISSUED 
NO OF 
W&C 
SECURITI
ES 
[NO. OF 
WARRAN
TS PER 
UNIT 
ISI
N/ 
[    ]
10  
[COMM
ON 
CODE 
[MNEMO
NIC 
CODE 
[CFI [F
IS
N 
TY
PE 
OF  
IND
EX 
ISSUE 
PRICE11 
PER 
W&C 
[SECURI
TY/ 
UNIT] 
[CALL/ 
 PUT 
[EXERCI
SE PRICE 
[[SCHEDULE
D]] 
REDEMPTIO
N DATE12 
[EXERCIS
E 
[PERIOD/ 
DATE] 
[RELEVANT 
JURISDICTIO
N] 
[SHARE 
AMOUN
T/ 
DEBT 
SECURIT
Y 
AMOUN
T] 
SPECIFIED 
SECURITIE
S 
PURSUANT 
TO 
SECTION 
871(m)13 
                                                     
9  
Include in respect of issues of W&C Securities that are listed. 
10  
DTC: CUSIP – include for U.S. Securities. 
9. 
For Preference Share Certificates, the Issue Price is required to be par. 
12  
Applicable for Certificates 
13  
Specify “Yes” if the W&C Securities are Specified Securities for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986.

--- Page 74 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
74 
 
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[Up to][] 
[]]14  
[] 
[] 
[]]15 
[] 
[

] 
[] [[insert 
currency] 
[]]/[[]% 
of the 
Notional 
Amount] 
[call/ 
put]] 
[insert 
currency] 
[]]16 
[] 
[]]17 
[]] 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[] 
[]] 
[] 
[Up to][] 
[]]18 
[] 
[]] 
[]]19 
[]] 
[

]] 
[] [[insert 
currency] 
[]]/[[]% 
of the 
Notional 
Amount] 
[call/ 
put]] 
[insert 
currency] 
[]]20 
[] 
[]]21 
[]] 
[] 
[Yes/No] 
[(Where the Final Terms cover more than one series of W&C Securities, the table above should be completed for 
all variables which will differ across the different series of W&C Securities.  The relevant line item for any such 
variable in the General Provisions below should include the following language:  "See the Specific Provisions for 
each Series [above]".)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
The following terms apply to each series of W&C Securities: 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
[BNP Paribas Issuance B.V.]/[BNP Paribas] 
2. 
[Guarantor: 
[BNP Paribas]] 
3. 
Trade Date: 
[specify] 
4. 
Issue Date  
[specify]  
5. 
Consolidation: 
The W&C Securities are to be consolidated and form 
a single series with the [insert title of relevant series 
of W&C Securities] issued on [insert issue date]/[Not 
applicable] 
6. 
Type of W&C Securities: 
(a) 
[Warrants/Certificates] 
 
 
(b) 
The 
W&C 
Securities 
are 
[Index 
Securities/Share 
Securities/ETI 
Securities/Debt 
Securities//Fund 
Securities 22 /Hybrid 
Securities/[specify 
other type of Security]].  
 
 
(N.B. In respect of Market Access Securities, specify 
"Share Securities" or "Debt Securities" as applicable) 
 
 
[The Warrants are [European/American/(specify 
other)] Style Warrants. 
 
 
Automatic Exercise [applies/does not apply].]23 
                                                     
14  
Include for Warrants if applicable. 
15  
Only applies where the W&C Securities are listed on Euronext Paris 
16  
Include for Warrants. 
17  
Include for Warrants. 
18  
Include for Warrants if applicable. 
19  
Only applies where the W&C Securities are listed on Euronext Paris. 
20  
Include for Warrants. 
21  
Include for Warrants. 
22  
Fund Securities or Hybrid Securities containing a fund component cannot be U.S. Securities unless offered pursuant to any 
applicable U.S. Wrapper to this Base Prospectus. 
23  
Include for Warrants.

--- Page 75 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
75 
 
 
 
 
[Exercise of Certificates applies to the Certificates.  
[Multiple Exercise applies to the Certificates.] The 
Exercise Date[s] is [are] [specify]] or, if [any] such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately 
[preceding/succeeding] Business Day].] 
 
 
[The Exercise Settlement Date[s are]/[is] [].]]24 
 
 
[The provisions of Annex 2 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Index Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 3 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Share Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 4 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for ETI Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 5 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Debt Securities) shall apply.] [The 
provisions of Annex 6 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Fund Securities) shall apply.]  [The 
provisions of Annex 7 (Additional Terms and 
Conditions for Market Access Securities) shall apply.] 
 
 
[Waiver of Set-Off: Not Applicable] 
[PRC Tax: Applicable] 
7. 
Form of W&C Securities: 
[Clearing 
System 
Global 
Security]/[Registered 
Global Security] [Rule 144A Global Security] 25 . 
[Regulation S Global Security] 
8. 
Business Day Centre(s): 
The applicable Business Day Centre[s] for the 
purposes of the definition of "Business Day" in 
Condition 1 [is/are] []. 
9. 
Rounding Convention for Cash Settlement 
Amount: 
[Rounding Convention 1]/[Rounding Convention 
2]/[Not applicable] 
10. 
Final Payout 
 
 
[Warrants / Certificates 
[Listed Securities Final Payout 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
 
[Short Certificates Final Payout 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
 
[Out-Performance Certificates Final Payout 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
 
[Turbo Certificates Final Payout 
                                                     
24  
Include for Certificates. 
25  
If U.S. Securities.

--- Page 76 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
76 
 
 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
 
[Short Turbo Certificates Final Payout 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
 
[Listed Securities on Single Underlying Final Payout 
 
 
[Insert related provisions from Conditions]] 
 
[Payout Switch: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
 
(NB: may only apply to Certificates only)  
 
 
[Payout 
Switch 
Election: 
[Applicable 
/ 
Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[Automatic 
Payout 
Switch: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch Event: [greater than][equal 
to or greater than][less than][less than or equal to] 
 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch Level]: [specify] 
 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch Period]: [specify][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[Automatic Payout Switch Date]: [specify][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[Switched Payout: [specify] 
 
 
Payout Switch Date: [specify]] 
 
Aggregation: 
[Applicable / Not applicable] 
 
Charges: 
[specify] 
 
Leverage: 
[specify] 
 
Outperformance Bonus: 
[specify] 
 
Percentage of Dividends Reinvested: 
[specify] 
 
Repo: 
[specify] 
 
Strike: 
[specify] 
 
Strike Price: 
[specify] 
11. 
[Exchange Rate] /[FX Conversion] 
[The applicable rate of exchange for conversion of 
any amount into the relevant settlement currency for 
the purposes of determining [the Settlement Price (as

--- Page 77 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
77 
 
 
defined in the relevant Annex to the Terms and 
Conditions) or the Cash Settlement Amount (as 
defined in Condition 1)] [
j
t
X
F
] is [insert rate of 
exchange and details of how and when such rate is to 
be ascertained]/[specify]/[Not applicable].] 
12. 
(a) 
Settlement Currency: 
The settlement currency for the payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount is [specify]. 
 
(b) 
CNY Settlement Centre 
[Applicable/Not applicable]/[Hong Kong]/[specify] 
13. 
Syndication: 
The W&C Securities will be distributed on a non-
syndicated basis. 
14. 
Minimum Trading Size: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]  
15. 
Agent(s): 
 
(a) 
Principal Security Agent: 
[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg]/ [BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/ [specify other]26 
(b) 
Security Agent(s): 
[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg]/ [BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C.]/ [specify other]27 
16. 
Registrar: 
[BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg]/ [BNP 
Paribas Securities (Japan) Limited][address][Not 
applicable]28 
17. 
Calculation Agent: 
[BNP 
Paribas]/[BNP 
Paribas 
Arbitrage 
S.N.C.]/[specify other][address]. 
PRODUCT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS (ALL W&C SECURITIES) 
18. 
Index Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Index/Basket of Indices/Index 
Sponsor(s): 
[[insert type of Index/Indices (e.g. Total Return, Price 
Return, etc.) and] specify name of Index/Indices] 
 
 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
 
[The [] Index is a Composite Index.]29 
 
(b) 
Index Currency: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(c) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(d) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(e) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis] 
                                                     
26  
Any local agent shall be specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
27  
Any local agent shall be specified in Part B of the Final Terms. 
28  
Include in the case of Registered Securities. 
29  
Specify each Composite Index (if any).

--- Page 78 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
78 
 
 
 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis] 
 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(g) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2]/[specify 
other].]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to W&C Securities relating to a Basket of 
Indices) 
 
(h) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(i) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Condition 1]/[[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days]. 
 
(j) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Continuous monitoring]/[specify other] and the 
relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is [the Scheduled 
Closing Time (in the case of Warrants) or the 
Valuation Time (in the case of Certificates)] [each] as 
defined in Condition 1.]/[specify]] 
 
 
(N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as defined in 
Condition 1.)   
 
(k) 
Index Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
19. 
Share Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Share(s)/Share Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
[Insert details of GDR/ADR]30 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]31 
[China Connect applicable] 
                                                     
30  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any).  In the case of Share Securities relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Securities Final Terms 
as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
31  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Securities relating to Stapled Shares, 
complete Share Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s).

--- Page 79 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
79 
 
 
 
(b) 
Relative Performance Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
 
(c) 
Share Currency: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(d) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(e) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(f) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(h) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 3]/[specify 
other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to W&C 
Securities relating to a Basket of Shares)] 
 
(i) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(j) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As defined in Condition 1]/[[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days]. 
 
(k) 
Valuation Time: 
[[Continuous monitoring]/[specify other] and the 
relevant time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, is [the Scheduled 
Closing Time as defined in Condition 1.]/[specify] 
(N.B. If no Valuation Time is specified, the Valuation 
Time will be the Scheduled Closing Time as defined in 
Condition 1)] 
 
(l) 
Share Correction Period 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
 
(m) 
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(n) 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(o) 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(q) 
Tender Offer: 
Applicable. 
 
(r) 
[China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(s) 
China Connect Service Termination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]32 
                                                     
32 Only applicable of China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 80 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
80 
 
 
20. 
ETI Securities 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(c) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(d) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(e) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(f) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(h) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(i) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(j) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(k) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(l) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(m) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(n) 
Value per ETI Interest Trading Price 
Barrier: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(o) 
Number of Value Publication Days: 
[[] calendar days] [[] Value Business Days] 
 
 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
 
 
(Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
 
(p) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(q) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(r) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(s) 
Settlement Price/Closing Price: 
[Official closing price]/[Value per ETI Interest] 
 
(t) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(u) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify]/[As per Conditions]

--- Page 81 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
81 
 
 
 
(v) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(w) 
Additional Extraordinary ETI 
Event(s): 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].]  
 
(y) 
ETI Interest Correction Period: 
[specify] 
 
(z) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[As per 
Conditions] 
 
 
(N.B. Principal Protected Termination Amount and 
Non-Principal Protection Termination Amount are 
applicable to Certificates only) 
 
(aa) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(bb) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[specify] 
 
(cc) 
Protected Amount (in the case of 
Certificates only): 
[specify] 
21. 
Debt Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
Debt Instrument Currency: 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Nominal Amount: 
The nominal amount which is to be used to determine 
the Cash Settlement Amount is [] and the relevant 
screen page ("Relevant Screen Page") is []. 
 
(d) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 1]/[specify] 
 
(e) 
Exchange Business Day Centre(s): 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(g) 
Specified Maximum Days of 
Disruption: 
[[As defined in Condition 1]/[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days.] 
22. 
Fund Securities: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify] 
 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
 
[The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]

--- Page 82 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
82 
 
 
 
(b) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(c) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(d) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis/Per Fund Share Basis/Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(e) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(f) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(g) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(h) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(i) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(k) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(l) 
NAV Trigger Period:  
[specify] 
 
(m) 
Number of NAV Publication Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(n) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(o) 
Fee: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[As per 
Conditions] 
 
 
(N.B. Principal Protected Termination Amount and 
Non-Principal Protection Termination Amount are 
applicable to Certificates only) 
 
(q) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(r) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(s) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund Basket is [specify]]/ [Not 
applicable] 
 
(t) 
Protected Amount (in the case of 
Certificates only): 
[specify] per W&C Security 
23. 
Market Access Securities 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(a) 
[Share Security/Debt Security]: 
[specify] 
 
(b) 
[Share amount/Debt Instruments 
Amount]: 
[specify]

--- Page 83 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
83 
 
 
 
(c) 
Market Access Security Condition 1 
of Annex 7:  
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
[Coupon Payment Dates: [specify]] 
 
(d) 
Market Access Security Condition 2 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(e) 
Market Access Security Condition 3 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(f) 
Market Access Security Condition 4 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(g) 
Market Access Security Condition 5 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(h) 
Market Access Security Condition 6 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Market Access Security Condition 7 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(j) 
Market Access Security Condition 8 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
[An "Early Exercise Event" shall occur if the 
Calculation Agent determines that on a day during the 
period from and including the Issue Date to and 
excluding the Expiration Date, the price at any time 
on a day of the [Share/Debt Securities] is [equal to or] 
[above/below] the Threshold Price [specify as 
applicable]; and 
 
 
The Threshold Price is []] 
 
(k) 
Market Access Security Condition 9 
of Annex 7: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
(i) 
Expected Listing Date is [specify] 
 
 
(ii) 
The amount payable in respect of each W&C 
Security so redeemed shall be [specify 
amount or manner of determination for 
Exempt Securities]. 
24. 
Additional Disruption Events: 
[Applicable/Not 
applicable]/[[Change 
in 
Law/Hedging Disruption] does not apply to the W&C 
Securities] 
[Hedging Disruption – PRC Disruption applies] 
25. 
Optional Additional Disruption Events: 
(a) 
The 
following 
Optional 
Additional 
Disruption Events apply to the W&C 
Securities:

--- Page 84 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
84 
 
 
 
 
(Specify each of the following which applies. 
N.B. Optional Additional Disruption Events 
are applicable to certain Index Securities, 
Share Securities and ETI Securities.  Careful 
consideration should be given to whether 
Optional Additional Disruption Events 
would apply for Debt Securities and Fund 
Securities and, if so, the relevant definitions 
will 
require 
amendment. 
Careful 
consideration should be given to any 
Additional 
Disruption 
Events 
and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Events in the 
case of U.S. Securities) 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] 
 
 
[Administrator/Benchmark Event] 
 
 
[Increased Cost of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[Insolvency Filing] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Share 
Securities) 
 
 
[Cancellation Event] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of Debt 
Securities) 
 
 
[Loss of Stock Borrow] 
 
 
[[Stop-Loss Event] 
 
 
[Stop-Loss Event Percentage: [5] per cent.]] 
 
 
[Currency Event] 
 
 
[Force Majeure Event] 
 
 
[Jurisdiction Event] 
 
 
[SEBI Force Majeure Event] 
 
 
 
 
 
(b) 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect 
of [specify in relation to each relevant 
Share/Security] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Loss of Stock 
Borrow is applicable)]

--- Page 85 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
85 
 
 
 
 
[The Initial Stock Loan rate in respect of 
[specify in relation to each relevant 
Share/Security] is []. 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable if Increased Cost of 
Stock Borrow is applicable)] 
26. 
CNY Payment Disruption Event 
 
 
Postponement 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
Payment of Equivalent Amount: 
[Applicable/ Not Applicable] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency: 
[specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation 
Time: 
[The time at which the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Price Source publishes the 
Equivalent 
Amount 
Settlement 
Price]/[specify] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO WARRANTS 
27. 
Provisions relating to Warrants: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Units: 
Warrants must be exercised in Units.  Each Unit 
consists of the number of Warrants set out in "Specific 
Provisions for each Series" above. (N.B. This is in 
addition to any requirements relating to "Minimum 
Exercise Number" or "Maximum Exercise Number" 
as set out below). 
 
(b) 
Minimum Exercise Number: 
The minimum number of Warrants that may be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) on any day 
by any Holder is [] [and Warrants may only be 
exercised (including automatic exercise) in integral 
multiples of [] Warrants in excess thereof]. 
 
(c) 
Maximum Exercise Number: 
[The maximum number of Warrants that must be 
exercised on any day by any Holder or group of 
Holders (whether or not acting in concert) is []] [Not 
Applicable]. (N.B. not applicable for European Style 
Warrants) 
 
(d) 
Exercise Price(s): 
The exercise price(s) per [Warrant/Unit] (which may 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 3 
in the case of Share Securities and Annex 2 in the case 
of Index Securities) is set out in "Specific Provisions 
for each Series" above. (N.B. This should take into

--- Page 86 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
86 
 
 
account any relevant Weighting and, in the case of an 
Index Security, must be expressed as a monetary 
value). 
 
(e) 
Exercise Date: 
[The exercise date of the Warrants is set out in 
"Specific Provisions for each Series" above, provided 
that, if such date is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
Exercise Date shall be the immediately succeeding 
Exercise Business Day. (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to European Style Warrants.)] 
 
 
(f) 
Exercise Period: 
[The exercise period in respect of the Warrants is set 
out in "Specific Provisions for each Series" above, 
[inclusive of the dates specified] [, or if either day 
specified is not an Exercise Business Day, the 
immediately succeeding Exercise Business Day]] 
[Not Applicable]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to 
certain American Style Warrants.) 
 
(g) 
Valuation Date: 
[The Valuation Date shall be the Actual Exercise Date 
of the relevant Warrant, subject to adjustments in 
accordance with Condition 19]/[The Valuation Date 
shall be the first Scheduled Trading Day following the 
Actual Exercise Date of the relevant Warrant, subject 
to adjustments in accordance with Condition 
19]/[specify]. (N.B. specify if different from the 
definition in Condition 19.) 
 
(h) 
Strike Date: 
[specify] (N.B. Only relevant for certain Index and 
Share Securities) 
 
(i) 
Averaging : 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the Warrants. 
 
(A) 
Averaging Dates: 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in Condition 19) will 
apply.] 
 
(B) 
Initial Averaging Dates: 
[The Initial Averaging Dates are [specify].][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Initial Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in Condition 19) will 
apply.] 
 
(j) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify]/[Not applicable]

--- Page 87 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
87 
 
 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.]  
 
(k) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
(l) 
Settlement Date: 
[specify] (N.B. : Only applicable if Settlement Date is 
different from the definition in Condition 19)) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO CERTIFICATES 
28. 
Provisions relating to Certificates: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(a) 
Notional Amount of each Certificate: 
[[currency][amount]/[Not applicable]]. 
 
(b) 
Partly Paid Certificates: 
The Certificates [are/are not] Partly Paid Certificates. 
 
 
[specify details of the amount of each payment 
comprising the Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences of failure to 
pay, including any right of the Issuer to forfeit the 
Certificates and interest due on late payment] 
 
 
(N.B. A new form of Global Certificate may be 
required for Partly Paid Certificates) 
 
(c) 
Index Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Index/Basket of 
Indices/Index Sponsor(s): 
[[Insert type of Index/Indices (e.g. Total Return, Price 
Return, etc.) and] specify name of Index/Indices] 
 
 
[specify name of Index Sponsor(s)] 
 
 
[The [] Index is a Composite Index]33 
 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. 
 
(A) 
Averaging Dates: 
[The Averaging Dates are [specify].][Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will 
apply.] 
 
(B) 
Initial Averaging 
Dates: 
[The Initial Averaging Dates are [specify].][Not 
applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Initial Averaging Date is a 
Disrupted Day [Omission/Postponement/Modified 
                                                     
33  
Specify each Composite Index (if any)

--- Page 88 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
88 
 
 
Postponement] [the provisions of Annex 2] will 
apply.] 
 
(C) 
AER Averaging 
Dates: 
AER Averaging is [applicable. The AER Averaging 
Dates are each of the [specify] Scheduled Trading 
Days following an AER Valuation Date. In the event 
that an AER Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
[the provisions of Annex 2] will apply.][not 
applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Index Correction Period 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement][the provisions of Annex 2] will 
apply.][Observation Day Disruption Consequences 
are not applicable.] 
 
(vii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[As defined in Condition 1]/[specify] [Scheduled 
Trading Days]] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis] 
 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Index Basis/All Indices Basis/Per Index 
Basis] 
 
 
[Exchange/Related Exchange: Applicable] 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xiii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Indices to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment in accordance with Annex 2 [specify 
other]. (N.B. Only applicable in relation to W&C 
Securities relating to a Basket of Indices)/Not 
applicable]

--- Page 89 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
89 
 
 
 
(d) 
Share Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Share(s)/Share 
Company/Basket 
Company/GDR/ADR: 
[insert type of Share(s) and Share Company/Basket 
Companies] 
 
 
[ISIN][Screen Page][Exchange Code] 
 
 
[insert GDR/ADR]34 
[Stapled Shares applicable] 
[Insert details of Stapled Shares and Stapled Share 
Constituents]35 
[China Connect applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Relative Performance 
Basket: 
[Not applicable/specify] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply].  [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] [Observation Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
 
(vii) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[[As defined in Condition 1]/[specify] [Scheduled 
Trading Days]] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Related Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[All Exchanges] 
 
(xi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
 
(xii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[Single Share Basis/All Shares Basis/Per Share Basis] 
                                                     
34  
Specify each GDR or ADR (if any).  In the case of Share Linked Certificates relating to a GDR/ADR, complete Share Linked 
Certificate Final Terms as applicable for GDR/ADR reference asset(s). 
35  
Specify each Stapled Share Constituent comprising the Stapled Shares.  In the case of Share Securities relating to Stapled Shares, 
complete Share Securities Final Terms as applicable for Stapled Shares reference asset(s).

--- Page 90 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
90 
 
 
 
 
(must match election made for Exchange Business 
Day) 
 
(xiii) 
Weighting: 
[The weighting to be applied to each item comprising 
the Basket of Shares to ascertain the Settlement Price 
is [specify].  Each such Weighting shall be subject to 
adjustment [in accordance with Annex 3/[specify 
other].]/[Not applicable] (N.B. Only applicable in 
relation to W&C Securities relating to a Basket of 
Shares)] 
 
(xiv) 
Share Correction Period: 
[As per Conditions/specify] 
 
(xv) 
Dividend Payment: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Listing Change: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Listing Suspension: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xviii) 
Illiquidity: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Tender Offer: 
Applicable. 
 
(xx) 
[China 
Connect 
Share 
Disqualification: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(xxi) 
China 
Connect 
Service 
Termination: 
[Applicable/Not applicable]]36 
 
(e) 
ETI Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
ETI/ETI Basket: 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
ETI Interest(s): 
[Insert type of ETI Interest(s)] 
 
(iii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] 
 
(iv) 
Exchange(s): 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(v) 
Related Exchange: 
[specify]/[All Exchanges]/[Not applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Exchange Business Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(vii) 
Scheduled Trading Day: 
[All ETI Interests Basis/Per ETI Interest Basis/Single 
ETI Interest Basis] 
 
(viii) 
ETI Related Party: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
                                                     
36 Only applicable if China Connect is applicable.

--- Page 91 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
91 
 
 
 
(x) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xiii) 
Investment/AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xiv) 
Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xv) 
Number of Value 
Publication Days: 
[[] calendar days] [[] Value Business Days] 
[Value Business Day Centre(s): [specify] 
(N.B. Only applicable if Number of Value Publication 
Days is calculated by reference to Value Business 
Days)] 
 
(xvi) 
Value Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xvii) 
Value Trigger Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xviii) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xix) 
Settlement Price/Closing 
Price: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xx) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(xxi) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(xxiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xxiv) 
Maximum Stock Loan Rate: 
[The Maximum Stock Loan Rate in respect of [specify 
in relation to each relevant ETI Interest] is [].]  
 
(xxv) 
ETI Interest Correction 
Period: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxvi) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[As per 
Conditions] 
 
 
(N.B. Principal Protected Termination Amount and 
Non-Principal Protection Termination Amount are 
applicable to Certificates only) 
 
(xxvii) Termination Date: 
[specify]

--- Page 92 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
92 
 
 
 
(xxviii) Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket is [specify]]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xxix) 
ETI Documents: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(xxx) 
Protected Amount (in the 
case of Certificates only): 
[specify] 
 
(xxxi) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[specify] 
 
(f) 
Debt Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Debt Instrument(s): 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Averaging: 
Averaging [applies/does not apply]. [The Averaging 
Dates are [specify].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] will apply.] 
 
(iii) 
Valuation Time: 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Observation Dates: 
[specify] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] [Observation Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.] 
 
(vi) 
Observation Period: 
[specify] 
 
(vii) 
Settlement Price: 
[As per Debt Security Condition 1] / [specify] 
 
(viii) 
Specified Maximum Days 
of Disruption: 
[As defined in Condition 1/[[specify] Scheduled 
Trading Days] 
 
(ix) 
Exchange Business Day 
Centre(s): 
[specify] 
 
(g) 
Fund Linked Certificates: 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
(i) 
Fund/Fund Basket: 
[specify] 
 
 
[The [] Fund is a Mutual Fund] 
 
 
The [] Fund is a Hedge Fund] 
 
 
[The [] Fund is a Private Equity Fund]

--- Page 93 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
93 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Fund Share(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Fund Documents: 
[As per Conditions][specify] 
 
(iv) 
Fund Business Day: 
[All Fund Share Basis] [Per Fund Share Basis][Single 
Fund Share Basis] 
 
(v) 
Fund Service Provider: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(vii) 
Calculation Date(s): 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(viii) 
Initial Calculation Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(ix) 
Final Calculation Date: 
[specify] 
 
(x) 
Hedging Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xi) 
AUM Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xii) 
NAV Trigger Percentage: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xiii) 
NAV Trigger Period: 
[specify] 
 
(xiv) 
Number of NAV 
Publication Days: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xv) 
Basket Trigger Level: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xvi) 
Fee: 
[specify][Not applicable] 
 
(xvii) 
Termination Amount: 
[Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[Non-
Principal Protected Termination Amount]/[As per 
Conditions] 
 
 
(N.B. Principal Protected Termination Amount and 
Non-Principal Protection Termination Amount are 
applicable to Certificates only)  
 
(xviii) 
Termination Date: 
[specify] 
 
(xix) 
Weighting: 
[The Weighting to be applied to each Fund Share 
comprising the Fund/Fund Basket is [specify] ]/[Not 
applicable] 
 
(xx) 
Delayed Payment Cut-off 
Date: 
[As per Conditions]/[specify] 
 
(xxi) 
Protected Amount (in the 
case of Certificates only): 
[specify] per W&C Security 
 
(h) 
[Additional Business Centre(s)] 
[]

--- Page 94 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
94 
 
 
 
(i) 
[Instalment Certificates:] 
The Certificates [are/are not] Instalment Certificates. 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s) 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(j) 
Automatic Early Redemption: 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Event: 
[["greater than"]["greater than or equal to"]["less 
than"]["less than or equal to"]] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout: 
[Short Certificates Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout] 
[Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Out-Performance 
Certificates 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout] 
 
 
[Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Turbo Certificates Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout] 
 
 
[Insert 
relevant 
provisions 
from 
the 
Payout 
Conditions] 
 
 
[Short 
Turbo 
Certificates 
Automatic 
Early 
Redemption Payout] 
 
 
[Insert formula, relevant value(s) and related 
provisions from the Payout Conditions] 
 
(iii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iv) 
Observation Price Source: 
[specify] 
 
(v) 
Underlying Reference 
Level: 
[Official level]/[Official close]/[Bid price]/[Asked 
price]/[Standard Price]37 
 
(vi) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Level: 
[specify] 
 
(vii) 
AER Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
                                                     
37  
Only applicable in relation to Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Fund Securities and Debt Securities.

--- Page 95 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
95 
 
 
 
 
(If applicable, specify for each Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date) 
 
 
[] per cent. / Screen Rate 
 
 
AER Reference Rate: [] month [] EURIBOR 
 
 
AER Margin: [] 
 
 
AER Reference Rate Determination Date: [] 
 
 
Minimum 
AER 
[Reference] 
Rate: 
[0 
per 
cent.]/[specify a positive AER Rate] 
 
 
Maximum AER [Reference] Rate: [] 
 
 
AER Specified Time: [] 
 
 
AER Screen Page: [] 
 
(viii) 
Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(k) 
[Issuer Call Option:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of listed W&C 
Securities) 
 
 
(N.B. [Always applicable in the case of Rule 144A 
Global Security.]If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Final Payout: Listed Securities 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[specify] 
 
(l) 
[Holder Put Option:] 
[Applicable/Not applicable]  
(N.B. Only applicable in the case of listed W&C 
Securities) 
 
 
(N.B. If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 96 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
96 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date(s): 
[specify] 
 
(iii) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s): 
Final Payout: Listed Securities 
 
(iv) 
Notice Period (if different 
from those set out in the 
Conditions): 
[specify] 
 
(m) 
[Strike Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable]/[see item [] above] 
 
(n) 
[Strike Price:] 
[specify] / [see item [] above] / [Not applicable] 
 
(o) 
[Redemption Valuation Date:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
(p) 
[Averaging:] 
Averaging [applies/does not apply] to the W&C 
Securities. [The Averaging Dates are [specify].] 
 
 
[In the event that an Averaging Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] (as defined in Condition 27) will 
apply.]  
 
 
[In the event of Modified Postponement applying, the 
Averaging Date will be determined [specify relevant 
provisions] (N.B. Only applicable in relation to Debt 
Securities or Fund Securities).] 
 
(q) 
[Observation Dates:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
 
 
[In the event that an Observation Date is a Disrupted 
Day 
[Omission/Postponement/Modified 
Postponement] 
will apply.] [Observation Day 
Disruption Consequences are not applicable.]  
 
 
[In the event of Modified Postponement applying, the 
Observation Date will be determined] [specify 
relevant provisions] (N.B. Only applicable in relation 
to Debt Securities or Fund Securities).] 
 
(r) 
[Observation Period:] 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
DISTRIBUTION AND U.S. SALES ELIGIBILITY  
29. 
Selling Restrictions: 
 
 
Eligibility for sale of W&C Securities in the 
United States to in the case of U.S. Securities 
issued by BNPP, a QIB and, in the case of U.S. 
[The W&C Securities are not eligible for sale in the 
United States.][The W&C Securities are eligible for 
sale in the United States to persons who are

--- Page 97 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
97 
 
 
Securities issued by BNPP B.V., a QIB who is 
also a QP 
reasonably believed to be, in the case of U.S. 
Securities issued by BNPP, a QIB and, in the case of 
U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., is a QIB who is 
also a QP.] 
[Where W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the 
United States, include the following: 
 
 
(i) 
[The Rule 144A Global Security will be 
deposited with [a custodian for DTC]/[a 
common 
depositary 
on 
behalf 
of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/Euroclear /other 
relevant clearing system]]; 
 
 
(ii) 
The W&C Securities may [not] be issued 
concurrently outside the United States to 
non-U.S. persons [(such W&C Securities to 
be represented by a Regulation S Global 
Security)]; 
 
 
(iii) 
The 
W&C 
Securities 
may 
[not] 
be 
transferred to non-U.S. persons; 
30. 
Registered broker/dealer: 
[BNP Paribas Securities Corp./[Not applicable]] 
31. 
TEFRA C or TEFRA Not Applicable: 
[TEFRA C]/[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
32. 
Registered dealer: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
33. 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not applicable] [An offer of the W&C Securities may 
be made by the Manager(s) [and [specify names of 
other financial intermediaries receiving consent 
(specific consent)](the "Authorised Offerors") [and 
any additional financial intermediaries who have or 
obtain the Issuer's consent to use the Base Prospectus 
in connection with the Non-exempt Offer and who are 
identified on BNP Paribas's website [at https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/gm/Public/LegalDoc
s.aspx as an Authorised Offeror] (together, being 
persons to whom the Issuer has given consent, the 
"Authorised Offerors") other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation in 
[specify relevant Member State(s)  - which must be 
jurisdictions where the Base Prospectus and any 
supplements have been passported (in addition to the 
jurisdiction where approved and published)] (the 
"Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions") [during the 
period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as "the Issue Date" or "the date which 
falls [] Business Days thereafter"] (the "Offer 
Period")].  See further Paragraph 7 of Part B below. 
34. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors:

--- Page 98 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
98 
 
 
 
(a) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
[The W&C Securities are only intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to investors via the 
professional segment of the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]38 
 
(b) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
[The Securities are only intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to investors via the 
professional segment of [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.]39 
 
(c) 
Other Conditions to consent: 
[Not Applicable] [add here any other Conditions to 
which the consent is subject] 
 
 
(N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a 
non-exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions.  No such 
offer should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until 
those requirements have been met.  Non-exempt offers 
may only be made into jurisdictions in which the base 
prospectus 
(and 
any 
supplement) 
has 
been 
notified/passported.) 
Responsibility 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer (who has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained herein 
is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information.  [The 
information included in [the Annex] (the "[] Information") consists of extracts from or summaries of 
information that is publicly available in respect of [].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [], 
no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced inaccurate or misleading.]40 
[Signed on behalf of [BNP Paribas Issuance B.V.)]/ [BNP Paribas] 
As Issuer: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised] 
 
 
                                                     
38  
Include if the W&C Securities are intended to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
39  
Include if the Securities are intended to be listed and admitted to trading on the professional segment of the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
40  
Include only if such information has been included.

--- Page 99 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
99 
 
 
PART B– OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing and Admission to trading – [De-listing] 
[The W&C Securities are unlisted.]/[Application [has been/will be] made to list the W&C Securities on [the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/NYSE Euronext Paris] and to admit the W&C Securities for 
trading on [[the professional segment of] the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market/NYSE Euronext 
Paris] [[with effect from/on or around] []].]/[The de-listing of the W&C Securities on the [exchange/regulated 
market/market] specified above shall occur on [specify], subject to any change to such [date/period] by such 
[exchange/regulated market/market] or any competent authorities, for which the Issuer [and the Guarantor] shall 
under no circumstances be liable]. 
[Estimate of total expenses related to admission to trading: []]41 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate if original W&C Securities are already admitted to trading) 
2. 
[Ratings 
Ratings: 
[The W&C Securities to be issued [[have been]/[are expected to be]] rated 
[insert details] by [insert credit rating agency name(s)].] 
 
[The W&C Securities have not been rated.] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider: 
 
[] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to W&C Securities 
of the type being issued under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.)]] 
 
EITHER [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is established in 
the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended).  [As such [insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with such Regulation.] 
 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
established in the European Union and is not registered in accordance with 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended).   [Insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is therefore not included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website in accordance with such Regulation] 
 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). The 
ratings have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the relevant EU-
registered CRA entity] in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  [Insert the 
legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is established in the European 
                                                     
41  
Delete if issue price is less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as of the Issue Date).

--- Page 100 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
100 
 
 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation.  [As such [insert the legal 
name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is included in the list of credit rating 
agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The European 
Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United 
Kingdom 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.] 
 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
established in the European Union  and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but it 
[is]/[has applied to be] certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation[[ 
[EITHER:] and it is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) 
in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation] [ [OR:] although notification of the 
corresponding certification decision has not yet been provided by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert the legal name of the 
relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation].] 
 
 OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is established in the 
European Union and has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended), although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority [ and [insert the legal name of the relevant CRA entity] is 
not included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority on its website in accordance with such 
Regulation].] 
 
OR [[Insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity] is not 
established in the European Union and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"). 
However, the application for registration under the CRA Regulation of [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity that applied for registration], 
which is established in the European Union disclosed the intention to endorse 
credit ratings of [insert the legal name of the relevant non-EU CRA entity][, 
although notification of the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority and [insert 
the legal name of the relevant EU CRA entity] is not included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website in accordance with the CRA Regulation].] The 
European Securities Markets Authority has indicated that ratings issued in 
[Japan/Australia/the 
USA/Canada/Hong 
Kong/Singapore/Argentina/Mexico/the 
United 
Kingdom 
(delete 
as 
appropriate)] which have been endorsed by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant EU CRA entity that applied for registration] may be used in the EU 
by the relevant market participants.]

--- Page 101 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
101 
 
 
3. 
[Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the [Issue/Offer] 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting interest, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following 
statement]: 
"Save [for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to [insert name of Authorised Offeror] and] as 
discussed[ in the "Potential Conflicts of Interest" paragraph in the "Risks" section in the Base Prospectus], so far 
as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the [issue/offer] of the W&C Securities has an interest material to 
the [issue/offer]."] 
[When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[Reasons for the [Issue/Offer], Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expense 
(a) 
Reasons for the 
[issue/offer]: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus]/[give details] 
 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus. If reasons for 
[issue/offer] are different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details.) 
(b) 
Estimated net 
proceeds: 
[Up to] [] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split out 
and present in order of priority.  If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(c) 
Estimated total 
expenses: 
[] [Include breakdown of expenses]42] 
5. 
Performance of Underlying/Formula/Other Variable, Explanation of Effect on Value of 
Investment and Associated Risks and Other Information concerning the Underlying43 
[Need to include details of where past and further performance and volatility of the index/formula/other variables 
can be obtained.]  
[Where the underlying is an index need to include the name of the index and if the index is not composed by the 
Issuer need to include details of where the information about the index can be obtained] 
 [Where the underlying is a security need to include the name of the issuer of the security and the ISIN 
(International Security Identification Number) or other such security identification code] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported and where it 
can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
                                                     
42  
Not required for debt securities with an issue price per unit of at least EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant currency as 
of the Issue Date). 
[43  
Additional consideration should be given to disclosure in the case of U.S. Certificates.]

--- Page 102 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
102 
 
 
6. 
Operational Information 
Relevant Clearing System(s): 
[Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg/DTC/other] 
 
[N.B. Ensure all relevant entities have been appointed 
and formalities complied with in accordance with the 
rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system] 
If other than Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V., 
Clearstream Banking, S.A., include the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Identification number(s):] 
[N.B. Ensure all relevant entities have 
been appointed and formalities complied 
with in accordance with the rules and 
regulations of the relevant clearing system] 
 
7. 
[Terms and Conditions of the Non-exempt Offer] 
Offer Period: 
[specify]/[Not applicable] 
[Offer Price:] 
[Issue Price/Not applicable/specify] 
[Conditions to which the offer is subject:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
 
[The Issuer will determine the final amount of W&C 
Securities issued up to a limit of [].  The final 
amount that are issued on [] will be [listed/admitted 
to trading] on the [Official List of [the professional 
segment 
of] 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Euronext Paris/[specify other exchange]].  
W&C Securities will be allotted subject to availability 
in the order of receipt of investors' applications.  The 
final amount of the W&C Securities issued will be 
determined by the Issuer in light of prevailing market 
conditions depending on the number of W&C 
Securities which have been agreed to be purchased as 
of [].] 
[Description of the application process:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the W&C 
Securities:] 
[Not applicable/give details]

--- Page 103 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
103 
 
 
[Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription 
rights and treatment of subscription rights 
not exercised:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Process for notification to applicants of 
the amount allotted and indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is 
made:] 
[Not applicable/give details] 
[Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser:]44 
[Not applicable/give details] [repeat as necessary or 
insert necessary information in a table] 
 
[Series Number 
Issue Price per 
W&C Security 
Expenses 
included in the 
Issue Price 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
 
[Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and a description of the main terms of 
their commitment:]  
[None/give details (such as the maximum bid/offer 
spread of the offer price and the minimum unit amount 
per order)] 
8. 
[Placing and Underwriting]45 
 
[Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place: 
[None/give details] 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) 
of the global offer and of single parts of 
the offer:46 
[] 
Name and address of any paying agents 
and depository agents in each country (in 
addition to the Principal Security Agent): 
[] 
Entities agreeing to underwrite the issue 
on a firm commitment basis, and entities 
[] 
                                                     
44  
If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or PRIIPs such that it is required to disclose information relating to costs and charges 
include that information. 
45  
To the extent known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place. 
46  
Where not all of the issue is underwritten, a statement of the portion not covered.

--- Page 104 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
104 
 
 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or under "best efforts" 
arrangements:47 
When the underwriting agreement has 
been or will be reached:] 
[] 
9. 
United States Tax Considerations  
[The W&C Securities are [not] Specified Securities for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986.] [The W&C Securities may be Specified Securities for the purpose of Section 871(m) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as stated in "Specific Provisions for each Series" above. If the W&C 
Securities are Specified Securities, then the following provisions will apply.] [Additional information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the W&C Securities will be available at [give name(s) and address(es) of 
Issuer contact]. [The Issuer will arrange for withholding under Section 871(m) to be imposed on any dividend 
equivalent payment at a rate of 30 per cent.]]   
(If the Securities are Specified Securities, include the "Additional information" sentence and provide the 
appropriate contact information at the Issuer. N.B. Include the option above, completed as appropriate, where 
(a) the Securities do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component U.S. equity or 
otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities or (b) the Section 871(m) determination has been 
made by the time the Final Terms are finalised (in which case, the determination will have been made either (i) 
on the pricing date, if this falls 14 days or fewer before the issue date or (ii) on the issue date, if the pricing date 
falls more than 14 days before the issue date. Otherwise, include the following option, completed as appropriate:) 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, the Issuer has not determined whether the Securities are Specified Securities 
for purposes of Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; however, indicatively it 
considers that they will [not] be Specified Securities for these purposes.  This is indicative information only 
subject to change and if the Issuer's final determination is different then it will give notice of such 
determination.  Please contact [give name(s) and address(es) of Issuer contact] for further information regarding 
the application of Section 871(m) to the Securities.] 
(The W&C Securities will not be Specified Securities if they (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and provide a 
return that differs significantly from the return on an investment in the underlying (i.e., they are not "delta-one" 
securities for U.S. tax purposes) or (ii) do not reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any component 
U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. equities. If the Securities reference a U.S. 
equity or an index that contains a component U.S. equity or otherwise provide direct or indirect exposure to U.S. 
equities and (i) are issued prior to 1 January 2025 and provide a return that does not differ significantly from the 
return on an investment in the underlying, or (ii) are issued on or after 1 January 2025, further analysis would 
be required.)  
[Payments on the Specified Securities are calculated by reference to [Net Dividends/Net Total Returns]. By 
purchasing a Specified Security, the parties agree that in calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may 
withhold, and the purchaser will be deemed to have received 30 per cent. of any dividend equivalent payments 
(as defined in Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in respect of the relevant 
[U.S. securities/U.S. dividend paying index components]. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to the 
holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld.  
[For this purpose, "Net Dividends" means the dividends paid by an issuer of a security net of 30 per cent. U.S. 
federal withholding tax.] 
                                                     
47  
See "Risk Factors relating to W&C Securities – Potential Conflicts of Interest" in the Base Prospectus for further information.

--- Page 105 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
105 
 
 
[For this purpose "Net Total Returns" means the net total return of the U.S. source dividend paying components, 
as calculated by the Index Sponsor, of an index that reinvests U.S. source dividends paid by an issuer of a security 
that is a component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax on such U.S. source dividends.]] 
10. 
[EU Benchmarks Regulation] 
EU Benchmarks Regulation: Article 
29(2) statement on benchmarks: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the W&C Securities are 
calculated 
by 
reference 
to 
[[insert 
name[s] 
of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark], which [is/are] 
provided by [[insert name[s] of the Administrator[s]]/[the 
[relevant] Administrator][, as specified in the table below] (if 
more than one, specify in relation to each relevant 
Benchmark)]. 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[insert name[s] of the 
Administrator[s]]/[the [relevant] Administrator[s]][[is/are] 
not included]/[[is/are] included][, as the case may be] in the 
register of Administrators and Benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority [("ESMA")] pursuant to article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) [(the 
"EU BMR")][, as specified in the table below].  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[insert name of 
Benchmark[s]]/[the [relevant] Benchmark] [does/do] not fall 
within the scope of the [EU BMR] by virtue of Article 2 of 
the [EU BMR].]/[the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the [EU BMR] apply, such that the [relevant] Administrator 
is not currently required to obtain authorisation/registration[, 
as specified in the table below].] [repeat as necessary or 
insert necessary information in a table below]] 
 
[Benchmark 
Administrator 
Register 
Other 
Information 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[]] 
 
[Not applicable]]

--- Page 106 ---
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR W&C SECURITIES 
106 
 
 
 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[If required, append summary of the W&C Securities]

--- Page 107 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
107 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities which will include the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 1 in relation to the payouts for the W&C Securities, the additional 
terms and conditions contained in Annex 2 in the case of Index Securities, the additional terms and conditions 
contained in Annex 3 in the case of Share Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 
4 in the case of ETI Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 5 in the case of Debt 
Securities, the additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 6 in the case of Fund Securities, the 
additional terms and conditions contained in Annex 7 in the case of Market Access Securities (each, an 
"Annex" and, together the "Annexes") (the "Terms and Conditions") which will be incorporated by reference 
into each Clearing System Global Security or Registered Global Security (each as defined below).  The 
applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be attached to each Clearing System Global 
Security or Registered Global Security, as the case may be. 
For the purposes of W&C Securities which are neither admitted to trading on (a) a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or (b) a UK regulated market as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, nor offered in (a) the European 
Economic Area or (b) the United Kingdom in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation or the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as the case may be ("Exempt 
Securities"), references in these Terms and Conditions to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to "Final 
Terms for Exempt Securities".  The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.   
The series of W&C Securities described in the applicable Final Terms (in so far as it relates to such series of W&C 
Securities) (such W&C Securities being hereinafter referred to as the "W&C Securities") are issued by whichever 
of BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. ("BNPP B.V.") or BNP Paribas ("BNPP") is specified as the Issuer in the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Issuer") and references to the Issuer shall be construed accordingly.  W&C Securities will be 
either warrants ("Warrants") or certificates ("Certificates"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, and 
references in these Terms and Conditions to "W&C Security", "W&C Securities", "Warrant", "Warrants", 
"Certificate" and "Certificates" will be construed accordingly. 
The W&C Securities are issued pursuant to an Agency Agreement dated 31 May 2023 (as amended and/or 
supplemented from time to time, the "Agency Agreement") between BNPP B.V. as issuer, BNPP as issuer, 
(where the Issuer is BNPP B.V.) as guarantor (the "Guarantor"), BNP Paribas S.A., Sucursal en España as agent, 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg as agent (if specified in the applicable Final Terms as Agent in respect 
of the W&C Securities, the "Principal Security Agent"), BNP Paribas as agent, BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
as agent (if specified in the applicable Final Terms as Agent in respect of the W&C Securities, the "Principal 
Security Agent"), The Bank of New York Mellon as New York security agent (the "New York Security Agent"), 
BNP Paribas S.A., Succursale Italia as agent (each a "Security Agent" and collectively, the "Security Agents"), 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg, BNP Paribas S.A. Niederlassung Deutschland, BNP Paribas, Paris, 
Zurich Branch, BNP Paribas S.A. Branch in Poland and BNP Paribas Securities (Japan) Limited as registrar (if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Registrar in respect of the Registered Securities, the "Registrar").  The 
expression "Security Agent" shall include any additional or successor security agent(s) in respect of the W&C 
Securities.  
BNP Paribas or BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall undertake the 
duties of calculation agent (the "Calculation Agent") in respect of the W&C Securities as set out below and in 
the applicable Final Terms unless another entity is so specified as calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms.  
The expression "Calculation Agent" shall, in relation to the relevant W&C Securities, include such other specified 
calculation agent. 
The Agency Agreement will be governed by English Law.

--- Page 108 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
108 
 
 
The applicable Final Terms for the W&C Securities supplements these Terms and Conditions for the purposes of 
the W&C Securities.  The applicable Final Terms for the W&C Securities will be attached to each Global Security 
and any Registered Certificates in definitive form. 
References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms or two or more sets of Final Terms (in 
the case of any further W&C Securities issued pursuant to Condition 12 and forming a single series with the W&C 
Securities) (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be issued in respect of more than one series of W&C 
Securities) insofar as they relate to the W&C Securities. 
Subject as provided in the Guarantee (as defined in Condition 1), where the Issuer is BNPP B.V., the obligations 
of BNPP B.V. with respect to the payment of amounts payable by BNPP B.V. are guaranteed by BNPP pursuant 
to the Guarantee.  The original of the Guarantee is held by BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg on behalf of 
the Holders at its specified office. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement, the Guarantee and the applicable Final Terms may be (i) obtained from the 
specified office of the relevant Security Agent and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities) or (ii) 
provided by email to a Holder following their prior written request to the relevant Security Agent and the Registrar 
(in the case of Registered Securities) and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory to the 
relevant Security Agent and the Registrar (in the case of Registered Securities)), save that if the W&C Securities 
are unlisted, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Holder and such Holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the relevant Security Agent as to identity. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated, and provided that, in the event of any inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the 
applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
The Holders are entitled to the benefit of and are deemed to have notice of and are bound by all the provisions of 
the Agency Agreement (insofar as they relate to the W&C Securities) and the applicable Final Terms, which are 
binding on them. 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, the following general definitions will apply: 
"Actual Exercise Date" is as defined in Condition 19 and Condition 23.1(a); 
"Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or 
indirectly, on behalf of its customers with Euroclear France, and includes the depositary bank for Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System. 
"Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Adjustment Date" is as defined in Condition 16(b); 
"AER Averaging Date" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"AER Rate" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"AER Valuation Period" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"Affected Item" is as defined in this Condition 1 under the definition of Strike Date and in Condition 19 (in the 
case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of Certificates);

--- Page 109 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
109 
 
 
"Affected Share" is as defined in Condition 15.2(d); 
"Affiliate" means in relation to any entity (the "First Entity"), any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
First Entity, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the First Entity or any entity directly or indirectly under 
common control with the First Entity.  For these purposes "control" means ownership of a majority of the voting 
power of an entity; 
"Agency Agreement" is as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"American Style Warrants" is as defined in Condition 21; 
"Annex" is as defined in paragraph 1 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Automatic Exercise" is as defined in Condition 21; 
"Averaging" is as defined in Condition 21 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Averaging Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of 
Certificates); 
"Basket Company" is as defined in Condition 15.2(d); 
"Basket of Underlying References" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Basket Price" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) which is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in the relevant Business Day Centre(s); and  
(b) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Settlement Currency other than euro or CNY, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of 
the country of the relevant Settlement Currency (any such centre, an "Additional Business Centre" and 
which, if the Settlement Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively), (B) for the purposes of making payments in euro, any day on which the real 
time gross settlement operated by the Eurosystem or any successor or replacement for that system (the 
"T2") is open (a "T2 Settlement Day") or (C) in relation to any sum payable in CNY, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the CNY Settlement Centre(s); 
and  
(c) 
(i) where the W&C Securities are Clearing System Securities or Registered Certificates, a day on which 
the relevant Clearing System is open for business or (ii) where the W&C Securities are Registered

--- Page 110 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
110 
 
 
Warrants, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in Tokyo; 
"Calculation Agent" is as defined in paragraph 4 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Call Warrants" is as defined in Condition 21; 
"Cancellation Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Cash Settlement Amount" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case 
of Certificates); 
"Certificates" is as defined in paragraph 2 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Change in Law" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"China Connect Eligible Investor" means an entity outside the PRC that is eligible to participate in Northbound 
trading; 
"China Connect Service" means the securities trading and clearing links programme developed by the Exchange, 
SEHK, CSDCC and HKSCC, through which (i) SEHK and/or its affiliates provides order-routing and other related 
services for certain eligible securities traded on the Exchange and (ii) CSDCC and HKSCC provides clearing, 
settlement, depository and other services in relation to such securities; 
"Chinese QFII" means an entity outside the People's Republic of China which meets the requirements of the 
Measures and is approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission to invest in Chinese securities markets 
and has obtained the quota from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange ("Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investors") where "Measures" means the Measures on the Administration of Qualified Foreign Institutional 
Investors Investing in Domestic Securities; 
"Clearing System" means Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or Euroclear France and/or DTC 
and/or any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the relevant Security Agent(s) 
from time to time and specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearing System Certificates" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Clearing System Global Certificate" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Clearing System Global Security" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, the Clearing System Global 
Warrant representing such Warrants and (b) in the case of an issue of Certificates, the Clearing System Global 
Certificate representing such Certificates; 
"Clearing System Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Clearing System Securities" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, Clearing System Warrants and (b) 
in the case of an issue of Certificates, Clearing System Certificates; 
"Clearing System Warrants" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Clearstream, Luxembourg" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the 
case of Certificates); 
"Common Depositary" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of 
Certificates);

--- Page 111 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
111 
 
 
"CNY" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants and Condition 32 
(Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Governmental Authority" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants 
and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Illiquidity Event" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants and 
Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Non-Transferability Event" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to 
Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to 
Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to 
Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"CNY Settlement Centre" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants and 
Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates; 
"CSDCC" means China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation; 
"Currency Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Custodian" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Cut-off Date" is as defined in Condition 24.7(c); 
"Debt Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Designated Account" is as defined in Condition 32; 
"Designated Bank" is as defined in Condition 32; 
"Dispute" is as defined in Condition 14(b); 
"Disqualified Transferee" is as defined in Condition 2.4(a); 
"Distribution Compliance Period" means the period expiring 40 days after completion of the distribution of the 
relevant W&C Securities unless a longer period is specified in the applicable Final Terms.  In such event, the 
Final Terms will specify the additional restrictions on transfer and exercise applicable to the W&C Securities; 
"Documents" is as defined in Condition 13.5(b); 
"DTC" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of Certificates); 
"due exercise" is as defined in Condition 23.3; 
"Equivalent Amount" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants and 
Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect 
to Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates; 7

--- Page 112 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
112 
 
 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to 
Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with 
respect to Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with 
respect to Warrants and Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates; 
"Established Rate" is as defined in Condition 16(b); 
"ETI Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"EURIBOR" is the Euro interbank offered rate; 
"euro" is as defined in Condition 16(b); 
"Euroclear" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Euroclear France" means Euroclear France S.A.; 
"Euronext Paris" is as defined in Condition 31.2; 
"European Style Warrants" is as defined in Condition 21; 
"Exchange Event" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Exercisable Certificates" is as defined in Condition 31.6; 
"exercise" is as defined in Condition 23.3; 
"Exercise Business Day" is as defined in Condition 19; 
"Exercise Notice" is as defined in Condition 24.1 and Condition 24.2; 
"Exercise Notice Delivery Date" is as defined in Condition 24.7(c); 
"Exercise Price" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Expenses" is as defined in Condition 11.2; 
"Expiration Date" is as defined in Condition 19; 
"Final Payout" is as defined in Annex 1; 
"Force Majeure Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Fund Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"GDR/ADR" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Global Certificate" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Global Security" means (a) in the case of Warrants, the Global Warrant and (b) in the case of Certificates, the 
Global Certificate;

--- Page 113 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
113 
 
 
"Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Government Authority" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Guarantee" means a deed of guarantee dated 31 May 2023 executed by the Guarantor in respect of the W&C 
Securities;  
"Guarantor" is as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Hedge" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Hedging Disruption" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Hedging Shares" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"HKSCC" means the Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited; 
"Holder" is as defined in Condition 2.2, Condition 22 (in the case of Registered Warrants) and Condition 30 (in 
the case of Registered Certificates); 
"holder of Certificates" is as defined in Condition 30; 
"Holder of W&C Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.2; 
"Hybrid Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Index Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Indian FPI" means an institution established or incorporated outside India and registered with the SEBI under 
the provisions of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Foreign Portfolio Investors) Regulations, 2019 
and/or any other subsidiary regulations or circulars (if any) issued pursuant thereto (“FPI Regulations 2019") as 
foreign portfolio investor; 
"Initial Averaging Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of 
Certificates); 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Initial Valuation Period" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case 
of Certificates); 
"Insolvency Filing" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Investor Representation Letter" is as defined in Condition 2.4; 
"Issuer" is as defined in paragraph 2 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Jurisdiction Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Korean Investor ID Holder" means an entity incorporated outside the Republic of Korea that is holding an 
investment identity card issued by the Financial Supervisory Service of the Republic of Korea;

--- Page 114 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
114 
 
 
"Local Currency" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Local Time" means local time in the city of the relevant Clearing System; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Luxembourg or Brussels time" is as defined in Condition 23.3; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Modified Postponement" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"National Currency Unit" is as defined in Condition 16(b); 
"New York Security Agent" is as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"New York City time" is as defined in Condition 23.3; 
"Northbound" denotes the trading of China Connect Securities (as defined in the rules of SEHK) by Hong Kong 
and international investors through the China Connect Service; 
"Notice Period" is as defined in Conditions 31.2 and 31.3 
"Observation Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and 27 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Observation Period" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and 27 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Observation Price Source" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Omission" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Optional Redemption Amount" is as defined in Conditions 31.2 and 31.3; 
"Optional Redemption Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Original Currency" is as defined in Condition 16(a)(ii); 
"Permanent Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Postponement" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"PRC" means the People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan); 
"Principal Security Agent" is as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Put Notice" is as defined in Condition 31.3; 
"Put Warrants" is as defined in Condition 21;

--- Page 115 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
115 
 
 
"Qualified Investor" means, where the Relevant Jurisdiction is Korea, Taiwan, India, People's Republic of China 
or Socialist Republic of Vietnam, a Korean Investor ID Holder, a Taiwan FINI, an Indian FPI, a Chinese QFII or 
a China Connect Eligible Investor and a Vietnamese QI, respectively; 
"QIBs" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Quota" is as defined in Condition 25.1(b); 
"Record Date" is as defined in Condition 32; 
"Redemption Date" is as defined in Condition 31.1; 
"Reference Banks" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"Register" is as defined in Condition 22; 
"Registered Certificates" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Registered Global Certificate" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Registered Global Security" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, a Registered Global Warrant and (b) 
in the case of an issue of Certificates, a Registered Global Certificate; 
"Registered Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Registered Securities" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, Registered Warrants and (b) in the case of 
an issue of Certificates, Registered Certificates; 
"Registered Warrants" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Registrar" is as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Regulation S" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of 
Certificates); 
"Regulation S Global Certificate" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Regulation S Global Security" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, a Regulation S Global Warrant 
and (b) in the case of an issue of Certificates, a Regulation S Global Certificate; 
"Regulation S Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Related Expenses" is as defined in Condition 11.2; 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Relevant CNY Amount" is as defined in Condition 19 (Definitions (Warrants)) with respect to Warrants and 
Condition 32 (Payments (Certificates)) with respect to Certificates; 
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means the country in which (as the case may be) the Shares, the Shares relating to the 
depositary receipts, the ETI Interests, the Debt Instruments, the Fund or the Fund Units are issued (or in which 
the issuer of such Shares, ETI Interests, Debt Instruments or Fund Units is incorporated) or the Index is based, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Rule 144A" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of Certificates);

--- Page 116 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
116 
 
 
"Rule 144A Certificates" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Rule 144A Global Certificate" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"Rule 144A Global Security" means (a) in the case of an issue of Rule 144A Warrants, the Rule 144A Global 
Warrant representing such Rule 144A Warrants and (b) in the case of an issue of Rule 144A Certificates, the Rule 
144A Global Certificate representing such Rule 144A Certificates; 
"Rule 144A Global Warrant" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Rule 144A Warrants" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Scheduled Averaging Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the 
case of Certificates); 
"Scheduled Closing Time" means, in respect of an Exchange, a Related Exchange or (if "China Connect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) the China Connect Service and a Scheduled Trading Day, 
the scheduled weekday closing time of such Exchange, such Related Exchange or the China Connect Service, as 
the case may be, on such Scheduled Trading Day, without regard (in the case of any Exchange or Related 
Exchange) to after hours or any other trading outside of the regular trading session hours or (in the case of the 
China Connect Service) any after hours or any other order-routing outside of the regular order-routing session 
hours subject, in respect of Index Securities, to subparagraphs (b) and (c) of the definition of Valuation Time, and 
subject, in respect of Share Securities, to subparagraph (d) of the definition of Valuation Time;  
"Scheduled Strike Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been the Strike Date; 
"Scheduled Valuation Date" means any original date that, but for the occurrence of an event causing a Disrupted 
Day, would have been a Valuation Date; 
"Securities Act" is as defined in Condition 20 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 28 (in the case of 
Certificates); 
"Security Agent" and "Security Agents" are as defined in paragraph 3 of these Terms and Conditions; 
"Security Expenses" is as defined in Condition 11.1 and Condition 24.2(iv); 
"SEHK" means The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited; 
"Settlement Date" is as defined in Condition 19; 
"Share" is as defined in Condition 15.2(d); 
"Share Securities" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight Scheduled Trading Days or such other number of 
Scheduled Trading Days specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Stop-Loss Event" is as defined in Condition 15.1; 
"Strike Date" means, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities or ETI Securities, the Strike Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled 
Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then:

--- Page 117 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
117 
 
 
(a) 
where the W&C Securities are Index Securities relating to a single Index, Share Securities relating to a 
single Share or ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, the Strike Date shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Strike Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall 
be deemed to be the Strike Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day and (ii) the 
Calculation Agent shall determine,  acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the 
relevant level or price: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation Time 
on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and 
method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such Scheduled 
Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Securities or ETI Securities, in accordance with its good faith estimate of 
the relevant price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
or 
(b) 
where the W&C Securities are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Securities relating 
to a Basket of Shares or ETI Securities relating to a Basket of ETI Interests, the Strike Date for each 
Index, Share or, ETI Interest, as the case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Strike Date and the Strike Date for each Index, ETI Interest or Share affected, as the 
case may be (each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the 
number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption 
immediately following the Scheduled Strike Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item.  In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Strike Date for 
the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (ii) the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, the relevant level 
or price using, in relation to the Affected Item: 
(i) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day using the 
Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an event giving rise to a 
Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the 
Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Share or ETI Interest, its good faith estimate of the price for the Affected Item 
as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Strike Price" is as defined in Condition 27; 
"Substitute" is as defined in Condition 13.3; 
"Substitute Guarantee" is as defined in Condition 13.5(b); 
"Substitute Guarantor" is as defined in Condition 13.5;

--- Page 118 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
118 
 
 
"Substitute Share" is as defined in Condition 15.2(d); 
"Substitution Date" is as defined in Condition 15.2(d); 
"sub-unit" means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means one cent; 
"Successor Index" is as defined in Condition 3.1 of Annex 2; 
"Taiwan FINI" means an entity incorporated outside Taiwan with Foreign Institutional Investor (FINI) status in 
Taiwan or with FINI sub-account status in Taiwan; 
"Taxes" is as defined in Condition 11.2; 
"Transfer Certificate" is as defined in Condition 22; 
"Treaty" is as defined in Condition 16(b); 
"Underlying Reference" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Underlying Reference Level" is as defined in Condition 31.7; 
"Underlying Share" is as defined in Condition 2.1; 
"Units" is as defined in Condition 21; 
"U.S. Certificates" is as defined in Condition 28; 
"U.S. Securities" means (a) in the case of an issue of Warrants, U.S. Warrants and (b) in the case of an issue of 
Certificates, U.S. Certificates; 
"U.S. Warrants" is as defined in Condition 20; 
"Valid Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of Certificates); 
"Valuation Date" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of 
Certificates); 
"Valuation Time" is as defined in Condition 19 (in the case of Warrants) and Condition 27 (in the case of 
Certificates); and 
"Vietnamese QI" means a corporation that both (a) incorporated outside the Socialist Republic of Vietnam and 
(b) does not have any permanent establishment in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam; and 
"Warrants" is as defined in paragraph 2 of these Terms and Conditions. 
"W&C Securities" is as defined in paragraph 2 of these Terms and Conditions; 
2. 
TYPE, TITLE AND TRANSFER 
2.1 
Type 
The W&C Securities relate to a specified index or basket of indices ("Index Securities"), a specified 
share or basket of shares (including Stapled Shares (as defined in Share Security Condition 1)), or a 
specified depositary receipt (a "GDR/ADR") referencing a share (an "Underlying Share") or basket of

--- Page 119 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
119 
 
 
GDRs and/or ADRs ("Share Securities"), a specified interest in an exchange traded fund, an exchange 
traded note, an exchange traded commodity or any other exchange traded product (each an "exchange 
traded instrument") or basket of interests in exchange traded instruments ("ETI Securities"), a 
specified debt instrument or basket of debt instruments ("Debt Securities"), a specified fund share or 
unit or basket of fund shares or units ("Fund Securities") and/or W&C Securities which relate to any 
combination of such indices, shares, interests in exchange traded instruments, debt instruments, fund 
shares or units and other asset classes or types ("Hybrid Securities"). 
W&C Securities related to a specified interest in an exchange traded instrument or basket of interests in 
exchange traded instruments, a specified fund share or unit or basket of fund shares or units or Hybrid 
Securities related to any of these asset classes or any commodity or commodity interest regulated by the 
United States Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC"), may not at any time be offered, 
sold, resold, held, traded, pledged, exercised (in the case of Warrants), settled or redeemed (in the case 
of Certificates), transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, by or for the 
account or benefit of, persons that are (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities 
Act ("Regulation S"); (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"); 
(iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding 
Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the final rule relating to 
Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap 
Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. 
person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or guidance adopted under the Commodity 
Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person"), unless expressly provided for pursuant to any 
applicable U.S. wrapper to the Base Prospectus.  Any such applicable U.S. wrapper to the Base 
Prospectus may restrict the types of W&C Securities that can be offered, sold, resold, held, traded, 
pledged, exercised, redeemed, transferred or delivered and the terms of such W&C Securities.  
If Averaging is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will state 
the relevant Averaging Dates and, if an Averaging Date is a Disrupted Day, whether Omission, 
Postponement or Modified Postponement (each as defined in Condition 19 in the case of Warrants or 
Condition 27 in the case of Certificates) applies. 
2.2 
Title to W&C Securities other than Registered Securities 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Clearing System Global Security held by a Common 
Depositary on behalf of a relevant Clearing System or held by a relevant Clearing System, each person 
who is for the time being shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular 
amount of such W&C Securities (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by the relevant 
Clearing System shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
(except as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the relevant 
Security Agent as the holder of such amount of W&C Securities for all purposes (and the expressions 
"Holder" and "Holder of W&C Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
In the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, the Rule 144A Global Security will be registered in the name of Cede & Co., as nominee of 
DTC.  Transfers of such Rule 144A Global Security by such nominee of DTC shall be limited to transfers 
of such Rule 144A Global Security, in whole but not in part, to another nominee of DTC or to a successor 
of DTC or such successor's nominee.  Rights conferred by the Rule 144A Global Security are only 
enforceable by the Holders (as defined below) as provided therein.  Subject as set forth in Condition 2.4 
below, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of DTC as the Holder of a particular 
number (in the case of Warrants) or amount (in the case of Certificates) of W&C Securities shall (except 
as otherwise required by law) be treated by the Issuer and the New York Security Agent as the Holder of

--- Page 120 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
120 
 
 
such number or amount, as the case may be, of W&C Securities for all purposes (and the expressions 
"Holder of W&C Securities" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
2.3 
Title to Registered Securities 
Provisions relating to title to Registered Warrants are set out in Condition 22. 
Provisions relating to title to Registered Certificates are set out in Condition 30. 
2.4 
Transfers of Interests in Clearing System Securities 
Transfers of Warrants may not be effected after the exercise of such Warrants pursuant to Condition 24. 
Transfers of Certificates may not be effected after the redemption of such Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 31. 
Subject as set forth in this Condition, all transactions (including permitted transfers of W&C Securities) 
in the open market or otherwise must be effected, in the case of W&C Securities represented by a 
Clearing System Global Security held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, through an account at Clearstream, Luxembourg 
or Euroclear, as the case may be, and/or any other relevant Clearing System, or in the case of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, through a 
direct or indirect participant of DTC, subject to and in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of the relevant Clearing System(s). 
Any reference herein to Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear and/or DTC and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the Principal Security Agent from 
time to time and notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(a) 
Transfers of W&C Securities that are U.S. Securities to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security or Rule 144A Global Security 
may be made only in accordance with the following provisions: 
(i) 
(A) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security, from a Holder of 
W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security, to a non-U.S. 
person in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S and CFTC 
regulations and guidance; 
(B) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, from a Holder of 
W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security, only upon 
certification (in the form from time to time available from any Security 
Agent) to the New York Security Agent by the transferor thereof that such 
transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is 
a QIB and a QP; 
(C) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, from a Holder of 
W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, in a transaction 
meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with paragraph (b) 
below;

--- Page 121 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
121 
 
 
(D) 
in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security, from a Holder of 
W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, upon 
certification (in the form from time to time available from any Security 
Agent) to the Principal Security Agent by the transferor thereof that such 
transfer is being made to a non-U.S. person in an offshore transaction 
pursuant to Regulation S and CFTC regulations and guidance; and 
(E) 
in each case, in accordance with any applicable rules and regulations of the 
Principal Security Agent, the New York Security Agent, the relevant Clearing 
System and/or as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
The Holder must send: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S 
Global Security or Rule 144A Global Security held by a Common Depositary 
on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, a free of payment instruction to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the 
case may be, not later than 10.00 a.m. local time in the city of the relevant 
Clearing System, one Business Day in the city of the relevant Clearing System 
prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect; and 
(B) 
in the case of transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, a free of payment instruction 
to DTC, not later than 5.00 p.m. New York City time, at least two Business 
Days in New York prior to the date on which the transfer is to take effect. 
Separate payment arrangements are required to be made between the transferor and the 
transferee. 
(iii) 
On the transfer date: 
(A) 
in the case of transfers of W&C Securities represented by a Regulation S 
Global Security or a Rule 144A Global Security, the relevant Clearing System 
will debit the account of its participant; and 
(B) 
the relevant Clearing System or the Holder, as the case may be, will instruct 
(I) in the case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C 
Securities represented by a Regulation S Global Security or a Rule 144A 
Global Security held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, the 
Principal Security Agent to instruct Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, to credit the 
relevant account of the relevant Clearing System participant, and (II) in the 
case of transfers to a person who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, (a) the New York Security Agent (in the case of transfers of W&C 
Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC) to credit the relevant account of the DTC participant, or 
(b) the Principal Security Agent (in the case of transfers of W&C Securities 
represented by a Regulation S Global Security or a Rule 144A Global 
Security held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System) to

--- Page 122 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
122 
 
 
instruct DTC to credit the relevant account of the relevant Clearing System at 
DTC and thereafter DTC will debit such account of the relevant Clearing 
System, and will credit the relevant account of the DTC participant. 
(iv) 
Upon any such transfers, on the transfer date: 
(A) 
the Principal Security Agent, in the case of transfers to and/or from a person 
who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities represented by a 
Regulation S Global Security or a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System, will increase or decrease, if 
appropriate, the number of W&C Securities represented by such Regulation 
S Global Security or Rule 144A Global Security, whereupon the number of 
W&C Securities represented by such Regulation S Global Security or Rule 
144A Global Security, as the case may be, shall be increased or decreased, if 
appropriate, for all purposes by the number so transferred and endorsed; or 
(B) 
the New York Security Agent, in the case of transfers to and/or from a person 
who takes delivery in the form of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 
144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, will increase or 
decrease, if appropriate, the number of W&C Securities represented by such 
Rule 144A Global Security, whereupon the number of W&C Securities 
represented by such Rule 144A Global Security shall be increased or 
decreased, if appropriate, for all purposes by the number so transferred and 
endorsed. 
(v) 
On the transfer date, in the case of transfers of W&C Securities represented by a 
Clearing System Global Security, the relevant Clearing System will debit the account 
of its participant. 
(vi) 
Upon any such transfer, on the transfer date: 
(A) 
the Principal Security Agent will, in the case of transfers of W&C Securities 
represented by a Regulation S Global Security or Rule 144A Global Security 
held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System, decrease the number of 
W&C Securities represented by such Regulation S Global Security or Rule 
144A Global Security, if appropriate, whereupon the number of W&C 
Securities represented by such Regulation S Global Security or Rule 144A 
Global Security shall, if appropriate, be reduced for all purposes by the 
number so transferred or exchanged and endorsed; or 
(B) 
the New York Security Agent will, in the case of transfers of W&C Securities 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, decrease the number of W&C Securities represented by such Rule 
144A Global Security, if appropriate, whereupon the number of W&C 
Securities represented by such Rule 144A Global Security shall, if 
appropriate, be decreased for all purposes by the number so transferred and 
endorsed. 
If (i) the Principal Security Agent (in relation to Regulation S Global Securities or Rule 144A 
Global Securities held by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System) or (ii) the New York Security Agent (in 
relation to Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC) subsequently

--- Page 123 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
123 
 
 
determines or is subsequently notified by the Guarantor (if applicable) that the Holder of any 
interest in any W&C Security was in breach, at the time given, of any representation or 
agreement given by such Holder or (iii) a transfer or attempted transfer of any interest in any 
W&C Security was consummated that did not comply with the transfer restrictions set forth in 
this Condition 2.4, the purported transfer shall be absolutely null and void ab initio and shall 
vest no rights in the purported transferee (such purported transferee, a "Disqualified 
Transferee") and the last preceding Holder of such interest that was not a Disqualified 
Transferee shall be restored to all rights as a Holder thereof retroactively to the date of transfer 
of such interest by such Holder. 
(b) 
In the case of transfers of W&C Securities that are U.S. Securities to a person who takes delivery 
in the form of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, the transferor shall 
have agreed in a duly executed investor representation letter in the form set out in the Agency 
Agreement (an "Investor Representation Letter") to certain restrictions on transfer and, the 
transfer shall be subject to the delivery of a duly executed Investor Representation Letter from 
the relevant transferee to the Issuer.  Any attempted transfer that is not in accordance with the 
procedures set forth in the transferor's Investor Representation Letter and with any procedures 
set forth in any applicable U.S. wrapper to the Base Prospectus shall not be valid or binding on 
BNPP or BNPP B.V. 
2.5 
Transfer of Registered Securities 
Provisions relating to the transfer of Registered Warrants are set out in Condition 22. 
Provisions relating to the transfer of Registered Certificates are set out in Condition 30. 
3. 
STATUS OF THE W&C SECURITIES AND GUARANTEE AND RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN 
AND LOSS ABSORPTION 
3.1 
Status of the W&C Securities and Guarantee 
The W&C Securities are unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves. 
The term "unsubordinated obligations" refers, in the case of W&C Securities issued by BNPP, to senior 
preferred obligations which fall or are expressed to fall within the category of obligations described in 
article L613-30-3–I-3°. of the French Code monétaire et financier.  Additionally, BNPP may not issue 
senior non-preferred securities pursuant to these Terms and Conditions. 
Where the Issuer is BNPP B.V., the Guarantee is a senior preferred obligation (within the meaning of 
Article L.613-30-3–I-3° of the French Code monétaire et financier) and an unsecured obligation of BNPP 
and will rank pari passu with all its other present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations 
subject to such exceptions as may from time to time be mandatory under French law. 
Unless Waiver of Set-Off is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, no Holder may 
exercise or claim any Waived Set-Off Rights against any right, claim, or liability the Issuer (or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor) has or may have or acquire against such holder, directly or indirectly, 
howsoever arising (and, for the avoidance of doubt, including all such rights, claims and liabilities arising 
under or in relation to any and all agreements or other instruments of any sort or any non-contractual 
obligations, in each case whether or not relating to the relevant W&C Securities) and each such holder 
shall be deemed to have waived all Waived Set-Off Rights to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
law in relation to all such actual and potential rights, claims and liabilities.

--- Page 124 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
124 
 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 3.1 is intended to provide or shall be construed as 
acknowledging any right of deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim or that 
any such right is or would be available to any holder of any Security but for this Condition 3.1. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3.1, "Waived Set-Off Rights" means any and all rights of or claims 
of any holder of any Security for deduction, set-off, netting, compensation, retention or counterclaim 
arising directly or indirectly under or in connection with any such Security.  
The potential impact on the W&C Securities (or, if applicable, on the Guarantee) in the event of the 
resolution of BNPP is detailed in Condition 3.2 (Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption). 
3.2 
Recognition of Bail-in and Loss Absorption 
(a) 
Acknowledgement 
By its acquisition of the W&C Securities, each Holder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 
3.2, includes any current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the W&C Securities) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents and agrees: 
(i) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as 
defined below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below), which may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(A) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due (as defined below); 
(B) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) 
or another person (and the issue to the Holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation 
of the terms of the W&C Securities (or, if applicable, the Guarantee), in which 
case the Holder agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under the W&C Securities 
(or, if applicable, the Guarantee) any such shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) or another person; 
(C) 
the cancellation of the W&C Securities (or, if applicable, the Guarantee); 
and/or 
(D) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of the W&C Securities (or, if 
applicable, the Guarantee);  
(ii) 
that the terms of the W&C Securities (or, if applicable, the Guarantee) are subject to, 
and may be varied, if necessary, to give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss 
Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority (each as defined below). 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are (a) the amounts payable on each W&C Security 
that has not been previously redeemed or cancelled or is otherwise no longer due or (b) the 
amounts payable by the Guarantor under the Guarantee. 
(b) 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
For these purposes, the "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time 
to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the 
transposition of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and

--- Page 125 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
125 
 
 
investment firms (as amended from time to time, the "BRRD"), including without limitation 
pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance portant 
diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne en matière 
financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the Law n°2016-1691 of 9 December 
2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of economic 
life (Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la 
corruption et à la modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time to time, this 
ordinance was ratified by the Law n°2016-1691), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform 
procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework 
of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) 
No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 
20 May 2019, the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or otherwise arising under 
French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant 
to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise modified 
in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other 
person, whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in 
resolution. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is to any entity referred to in Section I of Article L.613- 
34 of the French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, 
investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the 
exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power from time to time (including the Council of 
the European Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the 
Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation). 
(c) 
Payment of Outstanding Amounts Due 
No payment of the Amounts Due will become due and payable or be paid after the exercise of 
the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the 
Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) unless, at the time such repayment or payment, 
respectively, is scheduled to become due, such payment would be permitted to be made by the 
Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) under the laws and regulations in effect in France and 
the European Union applicable to the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor)  or other members 
of its group. 
(d) 
No Event of Default 
Neither a cancellation of the W&C Securities, a reduction, in part or in full, of the Amounts 
Due, the conversion thereof into another security or obligation of the Issuer (or, if applicable, 
the Guarantor) or another person, as a result of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption 
Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority with respect to the Issuer (or, if applicable, the 
Guarantor), nor the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant 
Resolution Authority with respect to the W&C Securities will be an event of default or otherwise 
constitute non-performance of a contractual obligation, or entitle the Holder to any remedies 
(including equitable remedies) which are hereby expressly waived. 
(e) 
Notice to Holders

--- Page 126 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
126 
 
 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority with respect to the W&C Securities, the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) will 
give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (Notices) as soon as practicable 
regarding such exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. The Issuer (or, if applicable, 
the Guarantor) will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Principal Security Agent for 
information purposes, although the Principal Security Agent shall not be required to send such 
notice to Holders. Any delay or failure by the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power 
nor the effects on the W&C Securities described in Condition 3.2(a) above. 
(f) 
Duties of the Principal Security Agent 
Upon the exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority, the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) and each Holder (including each holder 
of a beneficial interest in the W&C Securities) hereby agree that (a) the Principal Security Agent 
shall not be required to take any directions from Holders, and (b) the Agency Agreement shall 
impose no duties upon the Principal Security Agent whatsoever, in each case with respect to the 
exercise of any Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution Authority. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if, following the completion of the exercise of the Bail-In Power 
by the Relevant Resolution Authority, any W&C Securities remain outstanding (for example, if 
the exercise of the Bail-In Power results in only a partial write-down of the principal of the 
W&C Securities), then the Principal Security Agent's duties under the Agency Agreement shall 
remain applicable with respect to the W&C Securities following such completion to the extent 
that the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) and the Principal Security Agent shall agree 
pursuant to an amendment to the Agency Agreement. 
(g) 
Pro-rating 
If the Relevant Resolution Authority exercises the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power with 
respect to less than the total Amounts Due, unless the Principal Security Agent is otherwise 
instructed by the Issuer (or, if applicable, the Guarantor) or the Relevant Resolution Authority, 
any cancellation, write-off or conversion made in respect of the W&C Securities pursuant to the 
Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power will be made on a pro-rata basis. 
(h) 
Conditions Exhaustive 
The matters set forth in this Condition 3.2 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the 
exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Issuer (or, if 
applicable, the Guarantor) and any holder of a W&C Security. 
4. 
GUARANTEE 
Where the Issuer is BNPP B.V., subject as provided below and in the Guarantee, the Guarantor has 
unconditionally and irrevocably (a) guaranteed to each Holder all obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
such Holder's W&C Securities as and when such obligations become due and (b) agreed that if and each 
time that the Issuer fails to satisfy any obligations under such W&C Securities as and when such 
obligations become due, the Guarantor will after a demand has been made on the Guarantor pursuant 
thereto (without requiring the relevant Holder first to take steps against the Issuer or any other person) 
make or cause to be made such payment or satisfy or cause to be satisfied such obligations as though the 
Guarantor were the principal obligor in respect of such obligations.

--- Page 127 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
127 
 
 
5. 
GENERAL 
None of the Issuers, the Guarantor (if applicable), the Calculation Agent and any Security Agent shall 
have any responsibility for any errors or omissions (to the extent permitted by any applicable law) in the 
calculation of any Cash Settlement Amount. 
6. 
ILLEGALITY AND FORCE MAJEURE 
6.1 
Illegality 
If the Issuer determines that the performance of its obligations under the W&C Securities has become 
illegal in whole or in part for any reason, the Issuer may, in the case of Warrants, cancel, or in the case 
of Certificates, redeem all but not some only of the W&C Securities by giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
If the Issuer cancels or redeems, as the case may be, the W&C Securities then the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent permitted by applicable law, and except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, pay 
an amount to each Holder in respect of each Security, or in the case of Warrants, if Units are specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, held by such Holder, which 
amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a W&C Security or Unit, as the case may be, 
notwithstanding such illegality less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements plus, in the case of Warrants, if applicable and if already paid by or on 
behalf of the Holder, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion.  Payment will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
Should any one or more of the provisions contained in these Terms and Conditions be or become invalid, 
the validity of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected thereby. 
6.2 
Force Majeure 
If the Issuer determines that by reason of a Force Majeure Event (as defined in Condition 15.1) occurring 
after the Trade Date it becomes impossible or impracticable to perform in whole or in part its obligations 
under the W&C Securities and/or any related hedging arrangements, the Issuer may, in the case of 
Warrants, cancel, or in the case of Certificates, redeem the W&C Securities by giving notice to Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10. 
If the Issuer cancels or redeems, as the case may be, the W&C Securities then the Issuer will, if and to 
the extent possible or practicable, pay an amount (if any) to each Holder in respect of each Security, or 
in the case of Warrants, if Units are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as 
the case may be, held by such Holder, which amount shall be equal to the fair market value (if any) of a 
W&C Security or Unit, as the case may be, taking into account such Force Majeure Event less the cost 
to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements plus, in the 
case of Warrants, if applicable and if already paid by or on behalf of the Holder, the Exercise Price, all 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Any payment will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
7. 
PURCHASES 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, at any time purchase W&C Securities at any price in the open 
market or by tender or private treaty.  Any W&C Securities so purchased may be held or resold or 
surrendered for cancellation, provided however, that W&C Securities so purchased may only be resold 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act under Rule 144A, 
Regulation S or otherwise thereunder.

--- Page 128 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
128 
 
 
8. 
SECURITY AGENTS, REGISTRAR, DETERMINATIONS, MEETINGS PROVISIONS AND 
MODIFICATIONS 
8.1 
Security Agents and Registrar 
The specified offices of each of the Security Agents and the Registrar are as set out at the end of these 
Terms and Conditions. 
Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of any Security Agent or the Registrar and to appoint further or additional Security Agents 
or a further or additional Registrar, provided that no termination of appointment of the Security Agent or 
the Registrar, as the case may be, shall become effective until a replacement Security Agent or a 
replacement Registrar, as the case may be, shall have been appointed and provided that, so long as any 
of the W&C Securities are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant 
authority, there shall be a Security Agent having a specified office in each location required by the rules 
and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority and, if the W&C Securities are 
Registered Securities, there shall be a Registrar.  So long as any of the W&C Securities are represented 
by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, there shall be a New York 
Security Agent.  Notice of any termination of appointment and of any changes in the specified office of 
any of the Security Agents or the Registrar will be given to Holders in accordance with Condition 10.  In 
acting under the Agency Agreement, the Security Agent and the Registrar act solely as agents of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, and do not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of 
agency or trust for or with, the Holders and any determinations and calculations made in respect of the 
W&C Securities by the Security Agent or the Registrar shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the respective Holders. 
8.2 
Calculation Agent 
In relation to each issue of W&C Securities, the Calculation Agent (whether it be BNP Paribas, BNP 
Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or another entity) acts solely as agent of the Issuer and the Guarantor, if any, 
and does not assume any obligation or duty to, or any relationship of agency or trust for or with, the 
Holders.  All calculations and determinations made in respect of the W&C Securities by the Calculation 
Agent shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, if any, and the Holders.  Because the Calculation Agent may be an Affiliate of the Issuer, 
potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the Holders, including with 
respect to certain determinations and judgments that the Calculation Agent must make. 
The Calculation Agent may, with the consent of the Issuer, delegate any of its obligations and functions 
to a third party as it deems appropriate. 
8.3 
Determinations by the Issuer and the Guarantor 
Any determination made by the Issuer or the Guarantor, if any, pursuant to these Terms and Conditions 
shall to the extent permitted by applicable law, (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive 
and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the Holders. 
8.4 
Meetings of Holders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings (including by way of conference 
call or by use of a video conference platform) of the Holders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) 
of a modification of the Terms and Conditions or the Agency Agreement.  At least 21 days' notice 
(exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which the meeting is held) specifying 
the date, time and place of the meeting shall be given to Holders.  Such a meeting may be convened by

--- Page 129 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
129 
 
 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, or Holders holding not less than 5 per cent. (by number) of the W&C 
Securities for the time being, in the case of Warrants, remaining unexercised or, in the case of 
Certificates, outstanding.  The quorum at a meeting of the Holders (except for the purpose of passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution) will be two or more persons holding or representing not less than 20 per cent. 
(by number) of W&C Securities, in the case of Warrants, for the time being remaining unexercised or, 
in the case of Certificates, outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting two or more persons being or 
representing Holders whatever the number of W&C Securities so held or represented.  The quorum at a 
meeting of Holders for the purpose of passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more persons 
holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. (by number) of the W&C Securities, in the case of 
Warrants, for the time being remaining unexercised or, in the case of Certificates, outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting two or more persons being holding or representing not less than 10 per cent. (by 
number) of the W&C Securities for the time being remaining unexercised or outstanding, as the case 
may be.  A resolution will be an Extraordinary Resolution when it has been passed at a duly convened 
meeting by not less than three fourths of the votes cast by Holders at such meeting who, being entitled 
to do so, vote in person or by proxy.  An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the Holders 
shall be binding on all the Holders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, except, in the case of 
Warrants, for those Warrants remaining unexercised but for which an Exercise Notice shall have been 
received as described in Condition 24 prior to the date of the meeting.  Warrants which have not been 
exercised but in respect of which an Exercise Notice has been received as described in Condition 24 will 
not confer the right to attend or vote at, or join in convening, or be counted in the quorum for, any meeting 
of the Holders.  Resolutions can be passed in writing if passed unanimously. 
8.5 
Modifications 
The Issuer may modify these Terms and Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement without the consent 
of the Holders in any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or desirable provided that such 
modification is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Holders or such modification is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or to cure, correct or supplement a manifest or proven error or to cure, 
correct or supplement any defective provision contained herein and/or therein or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  Notice of any 
such modification will be given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 but failure to give, or 
non-receipt of, such notice will not affect the validity of any such modification. 
9. 
[INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.] 
10. 
NOTICES 
All notices to Holders shall be valid if: 
(a) 
(i) 
in the case of Clearing System Securities (other than W&C Securities represented by 
a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC) and Registered 
Certificates represented by a Registered Global Certificate, delivered to the relevant 
Clearing System for communication by them to the Holders; 
(ii) 
in the case of W&C Securities held through Euroclear France, delivered to the relevant 
Account Holders for communication by them to the Holders and where such W&C 
Securities are listed on Euronext Paris, published by Euronext Paris; 
(iii) 
in the case of W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, to DTC for communication by it to the Holders and any 
such notices shall be conclusively presumed to have been received by the Holders; or 
(iv) 
in the case of Registered Warrants or Registered Certificates in definitive form, mailed 
to their registered addresses appearing in the Register; and

--- Page 130 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
130 
 
 
(b) 
for so long as the W&C Securities are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by 
another relevant authority, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange or other relevant authority.  If the W&C Securities are listed and admitted to trading 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, and so long as the rules of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange so require, notices shall be made available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com).  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the second Business Day following such delivery or, if earlier, the date of such 
publication or, if published more than once, on the date of the first such publication. 
11. 
EXPENSES AND TAXATION 
11.1 
A Holder must pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable depository charges, 
transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, registration, securities transfer 
and/or other taxes or duties arising from the exercise and settlement (in the case of Warrants or 
Exercisable Certificates) or redemption (in the case of Certificates) of the W&C Securities ("Security 
Expenses") relating to such W&C Securities as provided above. 
11.2 
The Issuer shall deduct from amounts payable to Holders all Related Expenses, not previously deducted 
from amounts paid to Holders, as the Calculation Agent shall, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
determine are attributable to the W&C Securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be liable for any Related Expenses and Holders shall be 
liable to pay the Related Expenses attributable to their W&C Securities. 
"Expenses" means Security Expenses and any Related Expenses. 
"Related Expenses" means (a) all present, future, prospective, contingent or anticipated Taxes which 
are (or may be) or were (or may have been) withheld or payable under the laws, regulations or 
administrative practices of any state (or any political sub-division or authority thereof or therein) and (b) 
any other present, future, or contingent expenses (including without limitation, any applicable depositary 
charges, transaction charges, issue registration, securities transfer or other expenses) which are (or may 
be) or were (or may have been) payable, in each case in respect of or in connection with: 
(a) 
the issue, transfer or enforcement of the W&C Securities; 
(b) 
any payment to Holders; 
(c) 
a person or its agent's assets or any rights, distributions of dividends appertaining to such assets 
(had such an investor (or agent) purchased, owned, held, realised, sold or otherwise disposed of 
assets) in such a number as the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute discretion, may 
determine to be appropriate as a hedge or related trading position in connection with the W&C 
Securities; or 
(d) 
any of the Issuer's (or any Affiliates') other hedging arrangements in connection with the W&C 
Securities. 
"Taxes" means taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings, assessments or other charges 
(including any stamp, registration or transfer tax, duty or other charge or tax on income, payments (or 
delivery of assets), profits or capital gains) together with any interest, additions to tax or penalties. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto, (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations

--- Page 131 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
131 
 
 
thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto, and (iii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to Section 871(m) of the Code. 
In addition, if the W&C Securities are deemed to be "Specified Securities" for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the W&C Securities, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent.   
Payments on the W&C Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to the net dividends payable on such U.S. securities or net total returns 
of the U.S. components of such index. In calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may 
withhold and the holder will be deemed to have received 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities or U.S. 
dividend paying index components, as the case may be. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
11.3 
If PRC Tax is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall withhold or deduct 
from any amounts payable or from assets deliverable to a Holder of the W&C Securities such W&C 
Securities' pro rata share of any applicable PRC Tax not previously deducted from amounts to be paid or 
assets to be delivered to the Holders, as the Calculation Agent shall, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determine are attributable to the W&C Securities. 
Where: 
"PRC Tax" means either: 
(a) 
such amount of taxes, duties and/or other expenses deducted or withheld at source by or on 
behalf of the PRC Tax Authority in respect of the W&C Securities and notified from time to 
time to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; or, if none 
(b) 
the PRC Tax Rate incurred by, imposed on or assessed to, the Issuer and/or its Affiliates in 
connection with the W&C Securities or the hedging arrangements of the Issuer and/or its 
Affiliates in relation to the W&C Securities, as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; and 
"PRC Tax Rate" means any retrospective, present or future tax, levy, duty, assessment, penalty, late 
payment surcharge or other charge of any nature (including, but not limited to capital gain, corporate 
income tax, business tax, dividend tax, interest tax, value added tax, stamp duty, payable or in connection 
therewith) imposed, levied or withheld, directly or indirectly, by a PRC Tax Authority. 
12. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of Holders to create and issue further 
W&C Securities so as to be consolidated with and form a single series with the outstanding W&C 
Securities, provided that, in the case of U.S. Securities, if (i) such further W&C Securities are treated as 
debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) either the original W&C Securities or such further W&C 
Securities are issued in compliance with Rule 144A and (iii) such further W&C Securities are not (1) 
issued pursuant to a "qualified reopening" of the original series, (2) treated as part of the same "issue" of 
debt instruments as the original series or (3) issued with less than a de minimis amount of original 
discount, in each case for U.S. federal income tax purposes, such further W&C Securities will have a 
separate ISIN or other identifier.

--- Page 132 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
132 
 
 
13. 
SUBSTITUTION OF THE ISSUER OR THE GUARANTOR 
13.1 
Substitution Event 
The occurrence of any of the following events, in respect of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may 
be, shall constitute a "Substitution Event": 
(a) 
a divestment in respect of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of any relevant authorisation or licence of the Issuer 
or the Guarantor, as the case may be, by any governmental, legal or regulatory authority; 
(c) 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in respect of the Issuer or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person; 
(d) 
a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain a controlling stake in the Issuer or the Guarantor, as 
the case may be; or 
(e) 
any other event affecting the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the case may be, pursuant to which 
substitution is permissible in accordance with the regulations of any stock exchange, any 
applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction of the Issuer or the Guarantor, as the 
case may be or any applicable law or regulation in force in the jurisdiction in which the securities 
are offered. 
13.2 
Substitution Conditions 
A substitution of the Issuer pursuant to Conditions 13.3 or 13.4 below may only occur if the following 
conditions (the "Substitution Conditions") are satisfied: 
(a) 
where BNPP B.V. is the Issuer, the creditworthiness of the Substitute at such time being at least 
equal to the creditworthiness of the Issuer (or of any previous substitute), as determined by the 
Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner by reference 
to, inter alia, the long term senior debt ratings (if any) assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., Moody's Investors Service Ltd. 
and/or Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited, or any successor rating agency or agencies thereto, or such 
other rating agency as the Calculation Agent determines to the Substitute or, as the case may 
be, to the Issuer (or to any previous substitute);  
(b) 
the Issuer confirms that there are no payment arrears in respect of the W&C Securities and that 
there is no indication that payments will imminently be in arrears or that there may be any issues 
in making any payments in respect of the W&C Securities; 
(c) 
all actions, conditions and things required to be taken, fulfilled and done to ensure that the W&C 
Securities represent legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substitute having been taken, 
fulfilled and done and being in full force and effect; 
(d) 
the Substitute becomes party to the Agency Agreement (unless the Substitute is already a party 
to the Agency Agreement) with any appropriate consequential amendments, as if it had been an 
original party to it; 
(e) 
each stock exchange on which the W&C Securities are listed has confirmed that, following the 
proposed substitution of the Substitute, the W&C Securities will continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange;

--- Page 133 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
133 
 
 
(f) 
if appropriate, the Substitute has appointed a process agent as its agent in England to receive 
service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the W&C Securities; and 
(g) 
the Issuer has given at least 30 days' prior notice of the date of such substitution to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10. 
13.3 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP  
Except in the case of U.S. Securities, where BNPP is the Issuer, BNPP or any previously substituted 
company, may, but is not obliged to, at any time, without the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself 
as principal obligor under the W&C Securities another company within the BNP Paribas Group (the 
"Substitute"), subject to: 
(a) 
BNPP unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each Holder the performance 
of all obligations by the Substitute under the W&C Securities;  
(b) 
BNPP having obtained from the Substitute an undertaking that the substitution will not have a 
material impact on the interests of the Holders and that it will not deduct any costs relating to 
the substitution from amounts due to the Holder; and 
(c) 
the Substitution Conditions having been satisfied. 
13.4 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. 
Except in the case of U.S. Securities, where the Issuer is BNPP B.V., or any previously substituted 
company, following the occurrence of a Substitution Event, the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, without 
the consent of the Holders, substitute for itself as principal obligor under the W&C Securities a 
Substitute, being BNPP B.V. (where BNPP B.V. has previously been substituted as Issuer) or any other 
company in the BNP Paribas Group, subject to: 
(a) 
BNPP unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteeing in favour of each Holder the performance 
of all obligations by the Substitute under the W&C Securities on substantially the same terms 
as the relevant Guarantee; 
(b) 
BNPP B.V. having obtained from the Substitute an undertaking that the substitution will not 
have a material impact on the interests of the Holders and that it will not deduct any costs 
relating to the substitution from amounts due to the Holder; and 
(c) 
the Substitution Conditions having been satisfied. 
13.5 
W&C Securities guaranteed by BNPP 
Except in the case of U.S. Securities, where the Issuer is BNPP B.V., following the occurrence of a 
Substitution Event, BNPP or any previous substituted company may, but is not obliged to, without the 
consent of the Holders, substitute for itself as guarantor in respect of the W&C Securities any company 
(the "Substitute Guarantor"), being BNPP (where BNPP has been previously substituted as Guarantor) 
or another company in the BNP Paribas Group, subject to: 
(a) 
the creditworthiness of the Substitute Guarantor at such time being at least equal to the 
creditworthiness of BNPP (or of any previous substitute under this Condition), as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to, inter alia, the long 
term senior debt ratings (if any) assigned by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, a division of 
The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. and/or Moody's Investors Service Ltd. and/or Fitch Ratings

--- Page 134 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
134 
 
 
Ireland Limited, or any successor rating agency or agencies thereto, or such other rating agency 
as the Calculation Agent determines to the Substitute Guarantor or, as the case may be, to BNPP 
(or to any previous substitute under this Condition); 
(b) 
the Substitute Guarantor having entered into a guarantee (the "Substitute Guarantee") in 
respect of the W&C Securities in substantially the same form as the Guarantee and such other 
documents (if any) as may be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") 
and (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substitute Guarantor 
shall undertake in favour of each Holder to be bound by these Terms and Conditions and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substitute Guarantor had been named in 
these Terms and Conditions, the Documents and the Agency Agreement as the guarantor in 
respect of the W&C Securities in place of BNPP (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition); 
(c) 
the Substitute Guarantee and the Documents having been delivered to BNP Paribas, Succursale 
de Luxembourg to be held by BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg for so long as any W&C 
Securities remain, in the case of Warrants, unexercised or, in the case of Certificates, 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substitute Guarantor or the Issuer by 
any Holder in relation to the W&C Securities, the Substitute Guarantee or the Documents shall 
not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged; 
(d) 
each stock exchange on which the W&C Securities are listed having confirmed that following 
the proposed substitution of the Substitute Guarantor (or of any previous substitute under this 
Condition) it will continue to list the W&C Securities; 
(e) 
if appropriate, the Substitute Guarantor having appointed a process agent as its agent in England 
to receive service of process on its behalf in relation to any legal action or proceedings arising 
out of or in connection with the W&C Securities or the Substitute Guarantee;  
(f) 
BNPP (or any previous substitute under this Condition) having given at least 30 days' prior 
notice of the date of such substitution to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; 
(g) 
BNPP confirming that there are no payment arrears in respect of the W&C Securities and that 
there is no indication that payments will imminently be in arrears or that there may be any issues 
in making any payments in respect of the W&C Securities; and 
(h) 
BNPP having obtained from the Substitute Guarantor an undertaking that the substitution will 
not have a material impact on the interests of the Holders and that it will not deduct any costs 
relating to the substitution from amounts due to the Holder. 
14. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
The W&C Securities, the Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time) and the 
Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the W&C Securities, 
the Agency Agreement (as amended or supplemented from time to time) and the Guarantee will be 
governed by and shall be construed in accordance with English law. 
(b) 
The courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle all disputes which may, directly or 
indirectly, arise out of or in connection with the W&C Securities, the Agency Agreement and the 
Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the W&C Securities, 
the Agency Agreement and the Guarantee (a "Dispute") and each of the Issuer and the Guarantor submits 
and each Holder (by its acquisition of a Security) is deemed to submit to the jurisdiction of the English 
courts.  For the purposes of this Condition, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor waives and each Holder

--- Page 135 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
135 
 
 
(by its acquisition of a Security) is deemed to waive any objection to the English courts on the grounds 
that they are an inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute. 
(c) 
Each Issuer and the Guarantor hereby appoints BNP Paribas, London branch, currently of 10 Harewood 
Avenue, London NW1 6AA (Attention: the Loan Administration Department), as its or their agent in 
England to receive service of process in any Dispute in England relating to the W&C Securities and the 
Guarantee.  If for any reason such process agent ceases to act as such or no longer has an address in 
England, each of the Issuer and the Guarantor (if any) agrees to appoint a substitute process agent and to 
notify the Holders W&C Securities of such appointment.  Nothing in these provisions shall affect the 
right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  
15. 
ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION EVENTS AND OPTIONAL ADDITIONAL DISRUPTION 
EVENTS 
The Additional Disruption Events and any Optional Additional Disruption Events shall not apply to any 
U.S. Securities. 
15.1 
In respect of Debt Securities any reference in this Condition 15 to "Share" and "Share Company" shall 
be deemed to be references to "Debt Instruments" and "Debt Instrument Issuer" respectively in respect 
of such Debt Securities. 
"Additional Disruption Event" means each of Change in Law and Hedging Disruption, unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means the Calculation Agent determines that: 
(i) 
a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event has occurred or will occur;  
(ii) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or 
inclusion in any official register in respect of a relevant Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of a relevant Benchmark has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, 
rejected, refused, suspended or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant 
official body, in each case with the effect that the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or any other 
entity is not, or will not be, permitted under any applicable law or regulation to use the relevant 
Benchmark to perform its or their respective obligations under the W&C Securities; or  
(iii) 
it is not commercially reasonable to continue the use of a relevant Benchmark in connection 
with the W&C Securities from the perspective of the Issuer or the Calculation Agent or the 
Issuer or the Calculation Agent suffers or will suffer an increased cost, in each case, as a result 
of any applicable licensing restrictions or changes in the cost of obtaining or maintaining any 
relevant licence (including, without limitation, where the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any 
other entity is required to hold a valid licence in order to issue or perform its obligations in 
respect of the W&C Securities and for any reason such licence is either not obtained, not 
renewed or is revoked or there is a material change in the cost of obtaining or renewing such 
licence); 
"Benchmark" means any figure, value, level or rate by reference to which is a benchmark as defined in 
BMR and where any amount payable or deliverable under the W&C Securities, or the value of the W&C 
Securities, is determined, in whole or in part, by reference to such figure, value, level or rate all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark any of the 
following has occurred or will occur:

--- Page 136 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
136 
 
 
(i) 
any material change in such Benchmark; or 
(ii) 
the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
"BMR" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as amended; 
"Cancellation Event" means, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, all or some of the Debt 
Instruments are redeemed prior to their stated maturity date for any reason, and as a result thereof it is 
impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer or its Affiliates to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the W&C Securities; 
"Change in Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (a) due to the adoption of or any change in any 
applicable law or regulation (including, without limitation, in respect of any tax law, solvency or capital 
requirements), or (b) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation or application of any 
law or regulation by any court, tribunal or regulatory or other supervisory authority with competent 
jurisdiction (including any action taken by a taxing or financial authority or any supervisory authority) 
or the combined effect thereof if occurring more than once, the Issuer determines, acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner, that: 
(a) 
it has become illegal for it or any of its Affiliates to hold, acquire or dispose of any relevant 
hedge position relating to an Index (in the case of Index Securities), any relevant hedge position 
relating to a Share (in the case of Share Securities), any relevant hedge position relating to an 
ETI Interest (in the case of ETI Securities) or any relevant hedge position relating to a Fund 
Share (in the case of Fund Securities) (each a "Hedge"); or 
(b) 
it or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially increased cost (including, without limitation, 
in respect of any tax, solvency or capital requirements) in maintaining the W&C Securities in 
issue or in holding, acquiring or disposing of any Hedge; 
"Currency Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or any Qualified Investor (a) to convert the relevant 
currency ("Local Currency") in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or 
futures contracts or other hedging arrangement in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments 
(for the purposes of hedging the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities) are denominated, into 
the Settlement Currency, or exchange or repatriate any funds in the Local Currency or the Settlement 
Currency outside of the country in which the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or 
futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments respectively are traded due 
to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive or 
decree of any Government Authority or otherwise, or (b) for the Calculation Agent to determine a rate 
or (in the determination of the Calculation Agent) a commercially reasonable rate at which the Local 
Currency can be exchanged for the Settlement Currency for payment under the W&C Securities; 
"Force Majeure Event" means, on or after the Trade Date the performance of the Issuer's obligations 
under the W&C Securities becomes impossible or impracticable due to: 
(a) 
any act (other than a Market Disruption Event), law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, directive, 
interpretation, decree or material legislative or administrative interference of any Government 
Authority or otherwise; or 
(b) 
the occurrence of civil war, disruption, military action, unrest, political insurrection, terrorist 
activity of any kind, riot, public demonstration and/or protest, or any other financial or economic 
reasons or any other causes or impediments beyond such party's control; or

--- Page 137 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
137 
 
 
(c) 
any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or other action taken or threatened 
by any Government Authority that deprives the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or any Qualified 
Investor, of all or substantially all of its assets in the Local Currency jurisdiction. 
"Government Authority" means any nation, state or government, any province or other political 
subdivision thereof, any body, agency or ministry, any taxing, monetary, foreign exchange or other 
authority, court, tribunal or other instrumentality and any other entity exercising, executive, legislative, 
judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government; 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates (a "Hedging Party") is unable, 
after using commercially reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) or any futures or option contracts it deems necessary 
to hedge the equity price risk or any other relevant price risk including but not limited to the currency 
risk of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the W&C Securities, or (b) freely 
realise, recover, remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s), asset(s) or 
futures or options contract(s) or any relevant hedge positions relating to the W&C Securities. Where PRC 
Disruption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
a Hedging Disruption shall include (without limitation) any inability by the Hedging Party as a 
result of compliance with any foreign ownership restrictions imposed by, in the case of Share 
Securities linked to a single Share, the Share Company, in the case of Share Securities linked to 
a Basket of Shares, the Basket Company, in the case of Index Securities, the issuer of any share 
that is a Component Security of the relevant Index, any exchange or any court, tribunal, 
government or regulatory authority in the PRC or Hong Kong; and  
(b) 
the phrase "using commercially reasonable efforts" referred to above does not include the use 
of any quota granted to such Hedging Party under the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor 
or Renminbi Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor schemes; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of components comprised in an Index (in the case of Index 
Securities) or the number of Shares (in the case of Share Securities) that the Issuer and/or any of its 
Affiliates deems necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its 
obligations with respect to the W&C Securities; 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a materially 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any relevant hedge positions it deems necessary to hedge the market risk (including, 
without limitation, equity price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest risk) of the Issuer issuing and 
performing its obligations with respect to the W&C Securities, or (b) realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any relevant hedge positions, provided that any such materially increased amount that is 
incurred solely due to the deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates 
shall not be deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging; 
"Increased Cost of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur a rate 
to borrow any component security comprised in an Index (in the case of Index Securities) or any Share 
(in the case of Share Securities) that is greater than the Initial Stock Loan Rate; 
"Initial Stock Loan Rate" means, in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the case 
of Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the initial stock loan rate specified in 
relation to such Share, security, or component in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Insolvency Filing" means that a Share Company or Basket Company institutes or has instituted against 
it by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory

--- Page 138 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
138 
 
 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of its head or 
home office, or it consents to a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other 
relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition 
is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, supervisor or similar official or it 
consents to such a petition, provided that proceedings instituted or petitions presented by creditors and 
not consented to by the Share Company or Basket Company shall not be deemed an Insolvency Filing; 
"Jurisdiction Event" means that, on or after the Trade Date, it has become impracticable, illegal or 
impossible for the Issuer or any of its Affiliates or a Qualified Investor to purchase, sell, hold or otherwise 
deal (or to continue to do so in the future) in the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options 
or futures contracts in relation to the Index, the Shares or the Debt Instruments in order for the Issuer to 
perform its obligations under the W&C Securities or in respect of any relevant hedging arrangements in 
connection with the W&C Securities (including, without limitation, any purchase, sale or entry into or 
holding of one or more securities positions, currency positions, stock loan transactions, derivatives 
position, commodity position or other instruments or arrangements (however described) by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates in order to hedge, either individually or on a portfolio basis, the W&C 
Securities) or the costs of so doing would (in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) be materially increased under the restriction or limitation 
of the existing or future law, rule, regulation, judgment, order, interpretation, directive or decree of any 
Government Authority or otherwise; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any component security comprised in an Index 
(in the case of Index Securities) or any Share (in the case of Share Securities) in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of a component security comprised in an Index (in the 
case of Index Securities) or a Share (in the case of Share Securities), the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Offshore Derivative Instruments" means offshore derivative instruments within the meaning of the 
FPI Regulations 2019 and any legislation replacing or supplementing the same and guidelines and 
circulars published by SEBI pursuant thereto as such may be interpreted and/or applied from time to 
time; 
"Optional Additional Disruption Event" means any of Administrator/Benchmark Event, Cancellation 
Event, Currency Event, Force Majeure Event, Increased Cost of Hedging, Increased Cost of Stock 
Borrow, Insolvency Filing, Jurisdiction Event, Loss of Stock Borrow, SEBI Force Majeure Event and/or 
Stop-Loss Event, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"SEBI" means the Securities and Exchange Board of India; 
"SEBI Force Majeure Event" means on or after the relevant Trade Date, the performance of the Issuer's 
obligations under the W&C Securities becomes impossible or impracticable due to the issue of a SEBI 
Press Release; 
"SEBI Press Release" means any actual or proposed change in law or regulations or rules imposed by 
any regulatory or governmental authority in India to implement proposals which would, or are reasonably 
expected to (or are expressed to be intended to) limit and/or restrict the ability of Foreign Portfolio 
Investors (as such term defined under the FPI Regulations 2019 to enter into or perform Offshore 
Derivative Instruments or require any or all of such Offshore Derivative Instruments to be unwound, 
cancelled or terminated; and

--- Page 139 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
139 
 
 
"Stop-Loss Event" means, in respect of a Share, the price of any Share as quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share at the Scheduled Closing Time on any Scheduled Trading Day that is not a 
Disrupted Day in respect of such Share on or after the Trade Date or, if later, the Strike Date, is less than 
5 per cent., or such percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms, of its Strike Price or, if no Strike 
Price is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the price given as the benchmark price for such Share in 
the applicable Final Terms, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
15.2 
If Additional Disruption Events are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an 
Additional Disruption Event and/or an Optional Additional Disruption Event occurs, the Issuer may take 
the action described in (a) or, if applicable, (b), (c) or (d), as the case may be, below: 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional 
Additional Disruption Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment. In the case of 
an Administrator/Benchmark Event, such adjustment may (a) consist of one or more 
amendments and/or be made on one or more dates, (b) be determined by reference to any 
adjustment(s) in respect of the relevant event or circumstance in relation to any hedging 
arrangements in respect of the W&C Securities and (c) include, without limitation, selecting a 
successor benchmark(s) and making related adjustments to the Conditions of the W&C 
Securities including, where applicable, and unless Unwind Costs is specified as not applicable, 
to reflect any increased costs of the Issuer providing such exposure to the successor 
benchmark(s) and, in the case of more than one successor benchmark, making provision for 
allocation of exposure as between the successor benchmarks; 
(b) 
in the case of Warrants, cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10.  If the Warrants are so cancelled the Issuer will pay an amount to each Holder in 
respect of each Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as 
the case may be, held by him which amount shall be equal to the fair market value of a Warrant 
or a Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the Additional Disruption Event and/or 
Optional Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of 
unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements (unless provided for otherwise in the 
relevant Final Terms) plus, if applicable and already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; 
(c) 
in the case of Certificates, on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10, redeem 
all but not some only of the Certificates, each Certificate being redeemed by payment of an 
amount equal to the fair market value of a Certificate taking into account the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by 
the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; or 
(d) 
in the case of Share Securities linked to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each an "Affected Share") 
which is affected by the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the issuer of such shares a 
"Basket Company" for the purposes of the W&C Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines

--- Page 140 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
140 
 
 
appropriate, provided that in the event that any amount payable under the W&C Securities was 
to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each 
Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(B/C)
A
Price
 
Initial


 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole 
and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant date of the Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption 
Event. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must be a share which, in the 
sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
is not already included in the Basket of Shares; 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of such share belongs to the same economic sector as the Basket 
Company in respect of the Affected Share; and 
(iii) 
the relevant issuer of such share has a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the Basket Company in respect of the Affected Share. 
15.3 
Upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, if 
the Calculation Agent determines that an adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary 
it shall notify the Issuer thereof as soon as practicable and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as 
practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the Additional 
Disruption Event and/or Optional Additional Disruption Event, as the case may be, giving details thereof 
and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto. 
16. 
ADJUSTMENTS FOR EUROPEAN MONETARY UNION 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the Holders, on giving notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10: 
(a) 
elect that, with effect from the Adjustment Date specified in the notice, certain terms of the 
W&C Securities shall be redenominated in euro. 
The election will have effect as follows:

--- Page 141 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
141 
 
 
(i) 
where the Settlement Currency of the W&C Securities is the National Currency Unit 
of a country which is participating in the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union, such Settlement Currency shall be deemed to be an amount of euro 
converted from the original Settlement Currency into euro at the Established Rate, 
subject to such provisions (if any) as to rounding as the Issuer may decide, after 
consultation with the Calculation Agent, and as may be specified in the notice, and 
after the Adjustment Date, all payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of 
the W&C Securities will be made solely in euro as though references in the W&C 
Securities to the Settlement Currency were to euro; 
(ii) 
where the Exchange Rate and/or any other terms of these Terms and Conditions are 
expressed in or, in the case of the Exchange Rate, contemplate the exchange from or 
into, the currency (the "Original Currency") of a country which is participating in the 
third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union, such Exchange Rate and/or 
any other terms of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be expressed in or, 
in the case of the Exchange Rate, converted from or, as the case may be into, euro at 
the Established Rate; and 
(iii) 
such other changes shall be made to these Terms and Conditions as the Issuer may 
decide, after consultation with the Calculation Agent to conform them to conventions 
then applicable to instruments expressed in euro; and/or 
(b) 
require that the Calculation Agent make such adjustments to the Weighting and/or the 
Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or any other terms of 
these Terms and Conditions and/or the Final Terms as the Calculation Agent, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, may determine to be appropriate to account for 
the effect of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union on the Weighting and/or 
the Settlement Price and/or the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or such other terms 
of these Terms and Conditions. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Calculation Agent 
and the Security Agents shall be liable to any Holder or other person for any commissions, costs, 
losses or expenses in relation to or resulting from the transfer of euro or any currency conversion 
or rounding effected in connection therewith. 
In this Condition, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"Adjustment Date" means a date specified by the Issuer in the notice given to the Holders 
pursuant to this Condition which falls on or after the date on which the country of the Original 
Currency first participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union 
pursuant to the Treaty; 
"Established Rate" means the rate for the conversion of the Original Currency (including 
compliance with rules relating to rounding in accordance with applicable European Union 
regulations) into euro established by the Council of the European Union pursuant to Article 140 
of the Treaty; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European Economic and 
Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty; 
"National Currency Unit" means the unit of the currency of a country, as those units are 
defined on the day before the date on which the country of the Original Currency first 
participates in the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union; and

--- Page 142 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
142 
 
 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
17. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
The W&C Securities do not confer on a third party any right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999 to enforce any term of such W&C Securities but this does not affect any right or remedy of a 
third party which exists or is available apart from that Act. 
18. 
TERMS APPLICABLE TO WARRANTS ONLY 
Conditions 19 to 25 apply to Warrants only. 
19. 
DEFINITIONS (WARRANTS) 
"Actual Exercise Date" means the Exercise Date (in the case of European Style Warrants) or, subject to 
Condition 23, the date during the Exercise Period (in the case of American Style Warrants) on which the 
Warrant is actually or is deemed exercised or, if Automatic Exercise is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, is automatically exercised (as more fully set out in Condition 22); 
"Averaging Date" means, in respect of an Actual Exercise Date, each date specified as an Averaging 
Date in the applicable Final Terms or, if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent any such day is a 
Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur 
in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" 
will apply for purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging 
Date with respect to that Actual Exercise Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions of 
the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant level, 
price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date that 
was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms then: 
(A) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a single Index, Share Securities 
relating to a single Share or ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below).  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date in respect of such Actual 
Exercise Date, then (I) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed to be the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with 
subparagraph (i) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; and

--- Page 143 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
143 
 
 
(B) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, Share 
Securities relating to a Basket of Shares or ETI Securities relating to a Basket of ETI 
Interests, the Averaging Date for each Index, Share or ETI Interest not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index, Share or ETI 
Interest affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index, Share or ETI Interest.  If the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index, Share or ETI Interest has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date in respect of such Actual Exercise Date, then (I) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective 
of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging 
Date) in respect of such Index, Share or ETI Interest and (II) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the relevant level, price or amount for that Averaging Date in 
accordance with subparagraph (i) of the definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means, the amount (which may never be less than zero) to which the Holder 
is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, equal to the Final Payout specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  The Cash Settlement Amount (if any) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit 
of the relevant Settlement Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in 
accordance with applicable market convention, provided that: 
(a) 
if Rounding Convention 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be calculated using a maximum of four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) and shall be rounded to the second decimal place (with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); or 
(b) 
if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall not be subject to rounding but W&C Securities of the same Series held 
by the same Holder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of such Warrants and the aggregate of such Cash Settlement 
Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine,  
provided that if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the 
relevant Warrant (and such Warrant shall expire worthless); 
"CNY" means Chinese Yuan or Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China 
(including any lawful successor currency to the CNY);  
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other 
entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) 
in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong and any other CNY Settlement Centre(s); 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(a) 
an event which makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical for 
the Issuer to convert any amounts due and payable in CNY under the Warrants into or from the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency in the general CNY foreign exchange market in the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where such impossibility or impracticality is due

--- Page 144 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
144 
 
 
solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY 
Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade 
Date, and it is impossible or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to 
comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a "CNY Inconvertibility Event"). For the avoidance 
of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to convert CNY solely due to issues relating to its 
creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY Inconvertibility Event;  
(b) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical for the 
Issuer to deliver (i) CNY between accounts inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), or 
(ii) from an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) to an account outside the 
relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, to another CNY Settlement Centre) 
and outside Mainland China, or (iii) from an account outside the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) (including, if applicable, from an account inside another CNY Settlement Centre) and 
outside Mainland China to an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except 
where such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical for 
the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation) (a 
"CNY Non-Transferability Event"); or 
(c) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical for the 
Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of any amounts due and payable in CNY 
under the Warrants (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number of 
transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such amount) in the general CNY foreign 
exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) in order to perform its obligations 
under the Warrants (a "CNY Illiquidity Event"). For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of 
the Issuer to obtain such firm quote solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not 
constitute a CNY Illiquidity Event;  
"CNY Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms 
in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no CNY Settlement Centre is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre will be Hong Kong;  
"Equivalent Amount" means, following the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event and in 
respect of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant Affected 
Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be (for these 
purposes, the "Relevant CNY Amount"), an amount in the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency 
determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole and absolute discretion), by converting the Relevant 
CNY Amount into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency at the Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Price for the relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as 
the case may be;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot rate of exchange 
between CNY and the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency, appearing on the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Price Source at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time on such day (expressed as 
a number of units (or part units) of CNY for which one unit of the Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Currency can be exchanged), or if such rate is not available, the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, 
to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded upwards)) as determined by the Calculation Agent 
of the bid and offer exchange rates for the conversion of CNY into the Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Currency provided by two or more leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time on such day. If less than two

--- Page 145 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
145 
 
 
leading dealers provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer exchange rates for the conversion of 
CNY into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency on such day, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price in its discretion;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" means the price source specified in the applicable Final 
Terms;  
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms, or if not so specified, the time at which the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source 
publishes the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price; 
"Exercise Business Day" means a day that is a Business Day; 
"Expiration Date" means the last day of the Exercise Period; 
"impossible" or "impossibility" in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event, shall include (but shall 
not be limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate of the Issuer) would 
be or would result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation; 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event and in respect 
of any action to be taken by the Issuer, that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) would incur a materially 
increased amount of taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with circumstances existing on the 
Trade Date) to perform such action; 
"Initial Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Initial Averaging Date in respect of an Initial 
Valuation Period in the applicable Final Terms or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day. For the purposes of these Conditions, each Initial 
Averaging Date shall be treated as an "Averaging Date" mutatis mutandis as if references herein to 
"Actual Exercise Date" were to "Initial Valuation Period"; 
"Initial Valuation Period" has the meaning given to it in Annex 1; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms. 
The provisions contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply mutatis mutandis as if 
references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date"; 
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Settlement Date" means, in relation to each Actual Exercise Date, (A) where Averaging is not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (x) the date specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if none, (y) the fifth 
Business Day following the Valuation Date provided that if the Warrants are Index Securities relating to 
a Basket of Indices, Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to a Basket 
of ETI Interests, Debt Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or Fund Securities relating to a 
Basket of Fund Shares and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in a Valuation Date for one 
or more Indices, Shares, ETI Interests, Debt Instruments or Fund Shares, as the case may be, being 
adjusted as set out in the definition of "Valuation Date" below, the Settlement Date shall be the fifth 
Business Day next following the last occurring Valuation Date in relation to any Index, Share, ETI 
Interest, Debt Instrument or Fund Share, as the case may be, or (B) where Averaging (after, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Initial Averaging) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the fifth Business 
Day following the last occurring Averaging Date provided that where the Warrants are Index Securities 
relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to 
a Basket of ETI Interests, Debt Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments or Fund Securities 
relating to a Basket of Fund Shares and the occurrence of a Disrupted Day has resulted in an Averaging

--- Page 146 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
146 
 
 
Date for one or more Indices, Shares, ETI Interests, Debt Instruments or Fund Shares, as the case may 
be, being adjusted as set out in the definition of "Averaging Date" above, the Settlement Date shall be 
the fifth Business Day next following the last occurring Averaging Date in relation to any Index, Share, 
ETI Interest, Debt Instrument or Fund Share, as the case may be;  
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date in relation to the Actual Exercise Date or another Observation Date does not or is deemed 
not to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Actual Exercise 
Date (or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day the first Scheduled Trading Day following such 
date) or the first Scheduled Trading Day following the Actual Exercise Date of the relevant Warrant, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a single Index, Share Securities relating to 
a single Share, ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or Debt Securities relating to a 
single Debt Instrument, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised 
in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of 
the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt Securities, in accordance with 
its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
where the Warrants are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Securities relating 
to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to a Basket of ETI Interests or Debt Securities 
relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments, the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest 
or Debt Instrument, as the case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall 
be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, Share, ETI Interest or 
Debt Instrument affected, as the case may be (each an "Affected Item"), by the occurrence of 
a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted 
Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading 
Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item.  In that case, (A) the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date for the Affected 
Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the Settlement Price using, in relation to the Affected Item, the level or value as 
applicable, determined using:

--- Page 147 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
147 
 
 
(A) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest or Debt Instrument, its good faith estimate of the 
value for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day, 
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Valuation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Composite Index, unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, (i) for the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event 
has occurred (A) in respect of any Component Security, the Scheduled Closing Time on the 
Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and (B) in respect of any options contracts or 
futures contracts on such Index, the close of trading on the Related Exchange; and (ii) in all 
other circumstances, the time at which the official closing level of such Index is calculated and 
published by the Index Sponsor; or 
(c) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to Indices other than Composite Indices, Share Securities 
or ETI Securities, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled 
Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Strike Date, Valuation Date, 
Observation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation to each Index, Share or ETI 
Interest to be valued, provided that if the relevant Exchange closes prior to its Scheduled Closing 
Time and the specified Valuation Time is after the actual closing time for its regular trading 
session, then the Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(d) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to Shares in respect of which "China Connect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and unless otherwise specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time of the China Connect Service on the 
relevant Strike Date, Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, 
in relation to each such Share to be valued, provided that, if the China Connect Service closes 
prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time, as the case may be, is 
after the actual closing time for its regular order routing session, then the Valuation Time, as 
the case may be, shall be such actual closing time. 
20. 
FORM OF WARRANTS 
Warrants are represented by (i) a permanent global warrant (the "Permanent Global Warrant"), (ii) a 
Rule 144A Global Warrant (as defined below), (iii) a Regulation S Global Warrant (as defined below) 
or (iv) a registered global warrant (the "Registered Global Warrant"), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Except as provided herein, no Warrants in definitive form will be issued. 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms specify that Warrants are eligible for sale in the United States 
("U.S. Warrants") (such eligibility to be pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of

--- Page 148 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
148 
 
 
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")), (A) the Warrants sold in the United States 
to persons reasonably believed to be in the case of U.S. Warrants issued by BNPP, a qualified institutional 
buyer ("QIB") under Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") ("Rule 144A Warrants"), and 
in the case of U.S. Warrants issued by BNPP B.V., a QIB who is also a qualified purchaser ("QP") will 
be represented by one or more Rule 144A global warrants (each, a "Rule 144A Global Warrant") and 
(B) the Warrants sold outside the United States to  persons that are not (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in 
Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the 
Commodity Exchange Act; (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy 
Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the 
final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements 
Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as 
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; or 
(iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance 
adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person") will be represented by 
one or more Regulation S global warrants (each, a "Regulation S Global Warrant").  References herein 
to a "Clearing System Global Warrant" means, as the context so requires, a Rule 144A Global Warrant, 
a Regulation S Global Warrant or the Permanent Global Warrant, representing the Warrants and Warrants 
represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant are referred to herein as "Clearing System 
Warrants". 
In the event that the Final Terms does not specify that Warrants are eligible for sale in the United States 
or to U.S. persons, the Warrants offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance 
on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC regulations and guidance may not be legally or beneficially owned 
at any time by any U.S. person and will be represented by a Regulation S Global Warrant or a Permanent 
Global Warrant or will be a Registered Global Warrant, as the case may be. 
In the event that the Warrants are constituted by a Clearing System Global Warrant other than a Rule 
144A Global Warrant, the Clearing System Global Warrant will be deposited with a depositary (the 
"Common Depositary") common to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or any other relevant Clearing System, in each case in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System(s).  Warrants represented by a 
Rule 144A Global Warrant will be either (i) deposited with a custodian (a "Custodian") for, and 
registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), or (ii) issued and 
deposited with the Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System. 
In the event that the Warrants are constituted by a Registered Global Warrant (such Warrants being 
hereafter referred to as "Registered Warrants"), the Registered Global Warrant will be held by the 
Registrar on behalf of the holders. 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Warrant and a Regulation S Global Warrant may be exchanged for 
interests in the other Global Warrants only as described herein.  Interests in a Clearing System Global 
Warrant may not be exchanged for interests in a Registered Global Warrant and interests in a Registered 
Global Warrant may not be exchanged for interests in a Clearing System Global Warrant. 
Each Clearing System Global Warrant and the Registered Global Warrant is referred to in these Terms 
and Conditions as a "Global Warrant".  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) 
will be attached to such Global Warrant. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, if DTC notifies the Guarantor that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that 
Global Warrant or if at any time DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange 
Act, as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Guarantor within 90 days of such 
notice, the Guarantor will deliver Warrants in definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may be

--- Page 149 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
149 
 
 
required by the Guarantor) in exchange for that Rule 144A Global Warrant.  Except in these 
circumstances, owners of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC will not be entitled to have any portion of such Warrants registered in their name and will 
not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered Warrants in definitive form in 
exchange for their interests in that Rule 144A Global Warrant.  Transfer, exercise, settlement and other 
mechanics related to any Warrants issued in definitive form in exchange for Warrants represented by 
such Rule 144A Global Warrant shall be as agreed between the Guarantor and the New York Security 
Agent. 
21. 
TYPE (WARRANTS) 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Warrants are American style Warrants ("American 
Style Warrants") or European style Warrants ("European Style Warrants"), Registered Warrants or 
such other type as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, whether automatic exercise 
("Automatic Exercise") applies to the Warrants, whether the Warrants are call Warrants ("Call 
Warrants") or put Warrants ("Put Warrants"), or such other type as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, whether the Warrants may only be exercised in units ("Units") and whether Averaging 
("Averaging") will apply to the Warrants.  If Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Warrants 
must be exercised in Units and any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this 
provision shall be void and of no effect. 
22. 
TITLE AND TRANSFER OF REGISTERED WARRANTS 
The Issuer shall cause to be kept at the principal office of the Registrar, a register (the "Register") on 
which shall be entered the names and addresses of all holders of the Registered Warrants, the number or 
amount, as the case may be, and type of the Warrants held by each Holder and details of all transfers of 
the Warrants. 
Each person who is for the time being shown in the Register as the holder of a particular amount of 
Registered Warrants (each a "Holder") shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as the 
absolute owner of such number or amount, as the case may be, of such Warrants for all purposes 
(regardless of any notice of ownership, trust, or any interest in it, any writing on it, or its theft or loss) 
and no person will be liable for so treating such person. 
Subject as provided below, title to the Registered Warrants will pass upon the registration of transfers in 
accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
A Registered Warrant may be transferred by the transferor or a person duly authorised on behalf of the 
transferor depositing at the specified office of the Registrar a duly completed transfer certificate (a 
"Transfer Certificate") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which are available 
from the Registrar) signed by or on behalf of the transferor and upon the Registrar after due and careful 
enquiry being satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request and 
subject to the regulations set out in Schedule 15 to the Agency Agreement, the Registrar should enter the 
name of the transferee in the Register for the Registered Warrants as the Holder of the Registered Warrant 
specified in the form of transfer. 
Holders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in 
the jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is located. 
Registered Warrants and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or indirectly, in the 
United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such transfer shall not be recognised.

--- Page 150 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
150 
 
 
23. 
EXERCISE RIGHTS (WARRANTS) 
23.1 
Exercise of Warrants 
(a) 
American Style Warrants 
American Style Warrants are exercisable on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period. 
Clearing System Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System: 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice (as defined below) has been delivered in the manner 
set out in Condition 24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Luxembourg or Brussels time, as appropriate, on the 
Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 24.7 
shall apply. 
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m. (Local Time) to the relevant Clearing System, and the copy thereof is received by the Principal 
Security Agent or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date".  If any Exercise Notice is received 
by the relevant Clearing System, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Security Agent, in 
each case, after 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on any Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period, such 
Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Exercise Business Day, which 
Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant 
in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 24 at or 
prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified 
as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if the Warrants Automatic Exercise is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date 
as provided above. 
The following provisions apply to Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC: 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 24, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day in New York 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any such American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 24, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day in New York 
immediately preceding the Expiration Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Expiration Date and 
the provisions of Condition 24.7 shall apply. 
The Business Day during the Exercise Period immediately succeeding the Business Day in New York 
on which an Exercise Notice is received prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, by the New York 
Security Agent with a copy thereof received by the Principal Security Agent or, if Automatic Exercise is 
specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and no Exercise Notice has been delivered at or prior 
to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day in New York immediately preceding the

--- Page 151 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
151 
 
 
Expiration Date, the Expiration Date, is referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date".  If any such 
Exercise Notice is received by the New York Security Agent, or if the copy thereof is received by the 
Principal Security Agent, in each case, after 5.00 p.m. on any Business Day in New York, such Exercise 
Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day in New York and the Business 
Day in New York immediately succeeding such next Business Day in New York shall be deemed to be 
the Actual Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has 
been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 24, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on 
the Business Day in New York immediately preceding the Expiration Date shall (A) if Automatic 
Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) if Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised on the 
Expiration Date as provided above. 
Registered Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Expiration Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms any such American Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in 
Condition 24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Expiration Date shall be automatically 
exercised on the Expiration Date and the provisions of Condition 24.7 shall apply. 
The Exercise Business Day during the Exercise Period on which an Exercise Notice is delivered prior to 
10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, to the Registrar and a copy thereof so received by the Principal Security Agent 
or, if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms and no Exercise Notice 
has been delivered at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Expiration Date, the Expiration Date is 
referred to herein as the "Actual Exercise Date".  If any such Exercise Notice is delivered to the 
Registrar, or if the copy thereof is received by the Principal Security Agent, in each case, after 10.00 
a.m., Tokyo time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice will be deemed to have been delivered on 
the next Exercise Business Day which next Exercise Business Day shall be deemed to be the Actual 
Exercise Date, provided that any such Warrant in respect of which no Exercise Notice has been received 
in the manner set out in Condition 24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Expiration Date shall 
(A) if Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, become void or (B) 
if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, be automatically exercised 
on the Expiration Date as provided above. 
(b) 
European Style Warrants 
European Style Warrants are only exercisable on the Exercise Date. 
Clearing System Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Clearing System Warrants held by a Common Depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System: 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m. (Local Time) on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style 
Warrant shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and the provisions of 
Condition 24.7 shall apply.

--- Page 152 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
152 
 
 
The following provisions apply to Rule 144A Global Warrants held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC: 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
24, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day in New York immediately 
preceding the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void. 
If Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
24, at or prior to 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the Business Day in New York immediately 
preceding the Actual Exercise Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Actual Exercise Date and 
the provisions of Condition 24.7 shall apply. 
Registered Warrants 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any European Style 
Warrant with respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 
24, at or prior to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Actual Exercise Date, shall become void.  If Automatic 
Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any such European Style Warrant with 
respect to which no Exercise Notice has been delivered in the manner set out in Condition 24, at or prior 
to 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Actual Exercise Date, shall be automatically exercised on the Actual 
Exercise Date and the provisions of Condition 24.7 shall apply. 
23.2 
Cash Settlement 
Each such Warrant or, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit entitles its Holder, 
upon due exercise and subject, in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant, 
other than a Rule 144A Global Warrant, or a Registered Warrant, to certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, and, in the case of Warrants represented by Rule 144A Global Warrants, to such certifications 
as to compliance with U.S. securities laws as the Issuer shall require or as shall be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms, to receive from the Issuer on the Settlement Date the Cash Settlement Amount. 
If the Cash Settlement Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, it will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of 
determining the Cash Settlement Amount.  If Aggregation is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, Warrants exercised at the same time by the same Holder will be aggregated for the purpose 
of determining the aggregate Cash Settlement Amounts payable in respect of such Warrants or Units, as 
the case may be. 
Such payments of the Cash Settlement Amount in CNY or, in the case of such payments in a currency 
other than CNY may be made by transfer to the Designated Account of the holder of the Warrant 
appearing in the Register. For these purposes, "Designated Account" means the account maintained by 
a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and "Designated Bank" means 
an account (i) (in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency other than euro or CNY) a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Settlement Currency, (ii) (in the case of a payment in 
euro) any bank which processes payments in euro; and (iii) (in the case of a payment in CNY) a bank in 
the CNY Settlement Centre(s) which is able to process CNY.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Warrants denominated and payable in CNY will 
be made solely by transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) in 
accordance with prevailing rules and regulations.

--- Page 153 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
153 
 
 
23.3 
General 
In relation to any Warrants where Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms, the expressions "exercise", "due exercise" and related expressions shall be construed to apply to 
any such Warrants which are automatically exercised in accordance with the above provisions. 
All references in this Condition to "Luxembourg or Brussels time" or "New York City time" shall, 
where Warrants are cleared through an additional or alternative clearing system, be deemed to refer as 
appropriate to the time in the city where the relevant clearing system is located. 
23.4 
CNY Payment Disruption Event  
If the applicable Final Terms specify "CNY Payment Disruption Event" to be applicable, in the event 
that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event has occurred or is likely to occur and that such CNY Payment Disruption Event is material in 
relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Warrants in respect of the Settlement Date or other 
date on which any amount in respect of the Warrants shall be due and payable (each such date, an 
"Affected Payment Date"), then the Calculation Agent shall notify Holders as soon as practicable of the 
occurrence of such CNY Payment Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 10. 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is applicable to the 
Warrants, upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event:  
(i) 
Postponement  
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable in respect of the 
Warrants, then the Affected Payment Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (A) the second 
Business Day following the day on which such CNY Payment Disruption Event ceases to exist, 
and (B) the date falling 14 calendar days following the original date on which the Affected 
Payment Date was scheduled to fall (the "CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") and notice 
thereof shall be given to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
In the event that, pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Affected Payment Date is adjusted to 
fall on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and the Calculation Agent determines that a 
CNY Payment Disruption Event still exists on such day, then the Issuer shall make payment of 
the Equivalent Amount of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on 
the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and notice thereof shall be given to the relevant 
Holders of the Registered Warrants in accordance with Condition 10. Any such payment made 
by the Issuer on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date shall be in full and final settlement 
of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the Warrants. 
(ii) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount 
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Payment of Equivalent Amount" to be applicable in 
respect of the Warrants, the Issuer shall, upon giving notice prior to the relevant Affected 
Payment Date to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10, make payment of the Equivalent 
Amount of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant 
Affected Payment Date. Any such payment made by the Issuer on an Affected Payment Date 
shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the 
Warrants.

--- Page 154 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
154 
 
 
24. 
EXERCISE PROCEDURE (WARRANTS) 
24.1 
Exercise Notice in respect of Clearing System Warrants 
Subject as provided in Condition 24.7, Warrants represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant held 
by a Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, may only be exercised by the delivery, or the sending by fax, of a duly completed 
exercise notice (an "Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which 
form may be obtained from the relevant Clearing System and the relevant Security Agents during normal 
office hours) to the relevant Clearing System, with a copy to the Principal Security Agent in accordance 
with the provisions set out in Condition 23 and this Condition. 
Subject as provided in Condition 24.7, Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC may only be exercised by the delivery by facsimile of a duly completed 
Exercise Notice in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained 
from the relevant Security Agents) to the New York Security Agent with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent, in accordance with the provisions set out in Condition 23 and this Condition.  The Exercise Notice 
shall: 
(i) 
specify the Series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
specify the number of the Holder's securities account at the relevant Clearing System to be 
debited with the Warrants or in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant 
held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the designated account at DTC to be debited 
with the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) 
irrevocably instruct the relevant Clearing System to debit on or before the Settlement Date the 
Holder's securities account with the Warrants being exercised or in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, irrevocably 
instruct the New York Security Agent to exercise the Warrants debited to the account of the 
Holder and credited to the account of the New York Security Agent by means of DTC's DWAC 
function; 
(iv) 
(A) specify the number of the Holder's account at the relevant Clearing System to be credited 
with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being 
exercised or (B) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, specify the details of the account to be credited with the Cash 
Settlement Amount (if any) for each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(v) 
(A) include an undertaking to pay all Security Expenses, and an authority to the relevant 
Clearing System to deduct an amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due 
to such Holder and/or to debit a specified account of the Holder at the relevant Clearing System 
or (B) in the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC, an authority to the New York Security Agent to deduct an amount in respect 
thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Holder and to pay such Security 
Expenses and/or to debit a specified account of the Holder in respect thereof and to pay such 
Security Expenses; 
(vi) 
certify, in the case of Warrants represented by a Clearing System Global Warrant other than a 
Rule 144A Global Warrant, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a 
U.S. person (as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised within the 
United States or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property has been or 
will be delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person

--- Page 155 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
155 
 
 
in connection with any exercise thereof; and, where appropriate, including in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant, undertake to provide such various forms 
of certification in respect of restrictions under the securities, commodities, tax and other laws 
of the United States of America as required by the relevant Agent; and 
(vii) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
24.2 
Exercise Notice in respect of Registered Warrants 
The following provisions apply to Registered Warrants: 
Warrants may only be exercised by the delivery in writing of a duly completed exercise notice (an 
"Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the Agency Agreement (copies of which form may be obtained 
from the Registrar) to the Registrar with a copy to the Principal Security Agent in accordance with the 
provisions set out in Condition 23 and this Condition.  The Exercise Notice shall: 
(i) 
specify the series number of the Warrants and the number of Warrants being exercised and, if 
Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of Units being exercised; 
(ii) 
irrevocably instruct the Registrar to remove from the Register on or before the Settlement Date 
the Warrants being exercised; 
(iii) 
specify the details of the account to be credited with the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for 
each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised; 
(iv) 
include an undertaking to pay all taxes, duties and/or expenses, including any applicable 
depository charges, transaction or exercise charges, stamp duty, stamp duty reserve tax, issue, 
registration, securities transfer and/or other taxes or duties arising in connection with the 
exercise of such Warrants ("Security Expenses") and an authority to the Registrar to deduct an 
amount in respect thereof from any Cash Settlement Amount due to such Holder; 
(v) 
certify, inter alia, that the beneficial owner of each Warrant being exercised is not a U.S. person 
(as defined in the Exercise Notice), the Warrant is not being exercised within the United States 
or on behalf of a U.S. person and no cash, securities or other property has been or will be 
delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person in 
connection with any exercise thereof; and 
(vi) 
authorise the production of such certification in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings, 
all as provided in the Agency Agreement. 
24.3 
Verification of the Holder 
In the case of Clearing System Warrants (other than Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC), upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the relevant Clearing 
System shall verify that the person exercising the Warrants is the holder thereof according to the books 
of such Clearing System.  Subject thereto, the relevant Clearing System will confirm to the Principal 
Security Agent the series number and the number of Warrants being exercised and the account details, if 
applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, 
being exercised.  Upon receipt of such confirmation, the Principal Security Agent will inform the Issuer

--- Page 156 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
156 
 
 
thereof.  The relevant Clearing System will on or before the Settlement Date debit the securities account 
of the relevant Holder with the Warrants being exercised.  If the Warrants are American Style Warrants, 
upon exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the relevant Clearing System Global Warrant, 
the Common Depositary will, on the instructions of, and on behalf of the Principal Security Agent, note 
such exercise on the Schedule to such Clearing System Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Registered Warrants, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the Registrar shall verify that the 
person exercising the Warrants is the Holder according to the Register.  Subject thereto, the Registrar 
shall confirm to the Issuer and the Agent the series number and the number of Warrants being exercised 
and the account details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount of each Warrant 
or Unit, as the case may be, being exercised.  The Registrar will on or before the Settlement Date remove 
from the Register the Warrants being exercised.  If the Warrants are American Style Warrants, upon 
exercise of less than all the Warrants constituted by the Registered Global Warrant, the Registrar will 
note such exercise on the Schedule to the Registered Global Warrant and the number of Warrants so 
constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the Warrants so exercised. 
In the case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, upon receipt of an Exercise Notice, the New York Security Agent shall verify that the person 
exercising the Warrants is the Holder according to the records of DTC.  Subject thereto, the New York 
Security Agent shall notify the Guarantor of the number of Warrants being exercised and the account 
details, if applicable, for the payment of the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of each Warrant or Unit, 
as the case may be, being exercised.  If the Warrants are American Style Warrants, upon exercise of less 
than all the Warrants constituted by the Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of 
DTC, the New York Security Agent will note such exercise on the Schedule to such Rule 144A Global 
Warrant and the number of Warrants so constituted shall be reduced by the cancellation pro tanto of the 
Warrants so exercised. 
24.4 
Settlement 
The Issuer shall on the Settlement Date pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) for 
each duly exercised Warrant or Unit, as the case may be, to the Holder's account specified in the relevant 
Exercise Notice for value on the Settlement Date less any Security Expenses. 
24.5 
Determinations 
Any determination as to whether an Exercise Notice is duly completed and in proper form shall be made 
by (a) in the case of Clearing System Warrants (other than Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC), the relevant Clearing System, (b) in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, the New York 
Security Agent, (c) in the case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar, in each case, in consultation with 
the Principal Security Agent and shall be conclusive and binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, if 
applicable, the Security Agents and the relevant Holder.  Subject as set out below, any Exercise Notice 
so determined to be incomplete or not in proper form, or which is not copied to the Principal Security 
Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, immediately after being delivered or sent to the relevant Clearing 
System or the New York Security Agent, as the case may be, as provided in Condition 24.1 above or the 
Registrar as provided in Condition 24.2 above, as the case may be, shall be null and void. 
If such Exercise Notice is subsequently corrected to the satisfaction of the relevant Clearing System, the 
New York Security Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, in consultation with the Principal Security 
Agent, it shall be deemed to be a new Exercise Notice submitted at the time such correction was delivered 
to the relevant Clearing System, the New York Security Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, and 
the Principal Security Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be.

--- Page 157 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
157 
 
 
If Automatic Exercise is not specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, any Warrant with respect 
to which the Exercise Notice has not been duly completed and delivered in the manner set out above by 
the cut-off time specified in Condition 23.1(a), in the case of American Style Warrants, or Condition 
23.1(b), in the case of European Style Warrants, shall become void. 
The relevant Clearing System, the New York Security Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, shall 
use its best efforts promptly to notify the Holder submitting an Exercise Notice if, in consultation with 
the Principal Security Agent or the Issuer, as the case may be, it has determined that such Exercise Notice 
is incomplete or not in proper form.  In the absence of negligence or wilful misconduct on its part, none 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Security Agents, the Registrar or the relevant Clearing System 
shall be liable to any person with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in connection 
with such determination or the notification of such determination to a Holder. 
24.6 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice 
Delivery of an Exercise Notice shall constitute an irrevocable election by the relevant Holder to exercise 
the Warrants specified.  After the delivery of such Exercise Notice, such exercising Holder may not 
transfer such Warrants. 
24.7 
Automatic Exercise 
(a) 
This Condition only applies if Automatic Exercise is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms 
and Warrants are automatically exercised as provided in Condition 23.1(a) or Condition 23.1(b). 
(b) 
No Exercise Notice is required to be submitted or any other action required to be taken (in the case of 
Clearing System Warrants) other than Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC) by any relevant Holder of a Warrant in order to receive the Cash Settlement 
Amount in respect of such Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the 
case may be.  The Issuer shall transfer or cause to be transferred to each Clearing System through which 
such Warrants are held an amount equal to the aggregate of the Cash Settlement Amounts in respect of 
the Warrants held in each such Clearing System and each such Clearing System shall, subject to having 
received such aggregate Cash Settlement Amount, on the Settlement Date credit the account of each 
Holder of such Warrant(s) in its books with an amount equal to the aggregate Cash Settlement Amount 
relating to the Warrant(s) held by such Holder and on or before the Settlement Date debit such account 
with the number of Warrants exercised and in respect of which such Cash Settlement Amount is being 
paid.  Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor, if applicable, shall have any responsibility for the crediting 
by the relevant Clearing System of any such amounts to any such accounts. 
(c) 
In order to receive the Cash Settlement Amount in respect of a Warrant, or if Units are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Unit, as the case may be, the relevant Holder must, in the case of Warrants 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, deliver by facsimile 
a duly completed Exercise Notice to the New York Security Agent with a copy to the Principal Security 
Agent, on any Business Day in New York until not later than 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on the 
Business Day in New York immediately preceding the day (the "Cut-off Date") falling 180 days after 
(I) the Expiration Date, in the case of American Style Warrants, or (ii) the Actual Exercise Date, in the 
case of European Style Warrants, or (II) in the case of Registered Warrants, deliver in writing a duly 
completed Exercise Notice to the Registrar with a copy to the Principal Security Agent, on any Business 
Day until not later than 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Cut-off Date (as defined above).  The Exercise 
Notice shall include the applicable information set out in the Exercise Notice referred to in Condition 
24.1, Condition or Condition 24.2, as applicable.  The Business Day during the period from the 
Expiration Date or the Actual Exercise Date, as the case may be, until the Cut-off Date on which an 
Exercise Notice is delivered to the relevant Clearing System, the New York Security Agent or, in the 
case of Registered Warrants, the Registrar, and a copy thereof delivered to the Principal Security Agent 
is referred to in this Condition 24.7 as the "Exercise Notice Delivery Date", provided that, (a) in the

--- Page 158 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
158 
 
 
case of Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, if 
the Exercise Notice is received by the New York Security Agent or the copy thereof is received by the 
Principal Security Agent, in each case, after 5.00 p.m., New York City time, on any Business Day in 
New York, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered on the next Business Day in 
New York, and the Business Day in New York immediately succeeding such next Business Day in New 
York shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice Delivery Date and (b) in the case of Registered Warrants, 
if the Exercise Notice is received by the Registrar or the copy thereof received by the Principal Security 
Agent after 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on any Business Day, such Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have 
been delivered on the next Business Day, which Business Day shall be deemed to be the Exercise Notice 
Delivery Date. 
Subject to the relevant Holder performing its obligations in respect of the relevant Warrant or Unit, as the case 
may be, in accordance with these Conditions, the Settlement Date for such Warrants or Units, as the case may be, 
shall be the fifth Business Day following the Exercise Notice Delivery Date.  In the event that a Holder does not, 
where applicable, so deliver an Exercise Notice in accordance with this Condition 24.7 prior to (a) in the case of 
Warrants represented by a Rule 144A Global Warrant held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, 5.00 p.m., New 
York City time, on the Business Day in New York immediately preceding the Cut-off Date or (b) in the case of 
Registered Warrants, 10.00 a.m., Tokyo time, on the Cut-off Date, the Issuer's obligations in respect of such 
Warrants shall be discharged and no further liability in respect thereof shall attach to the Issuer or the Guarantor, 
if any.  For the avoidance of doubt, a Holder shall not be entitled to any payment, whether of interest or otherwise, 
in respect of the period from the Actual Exercise Date to the Settlement Date. 
After the automatic exercise of a Warrant pursuant to Condition 23.1(a) (in the case of American Style Warrants) 
or Condition 23.1(b) (in the case of European Style Warrants), the relevant Holder may not transfer such Warrant. 
 
24.8 
Exercise Risk 
Exercise of the Warrants is subject to all applicable laws, regulations and practices in force on the 
relevant Exercise Date and none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Registrar or the Security Agents 
shall incur any liability whatsoever if it is unable to effect the transactions contemplated, after using all 
reasonable efforts, as a result of any such laws, regulations or practices.  None of the Issuer, the Guarantor 
(if applicable) or the Security Agents shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, under any 
circumstances be liable for any acts or defaults of the relevant Clearing System or, as the case may be, 
the relevant Account Holder in relation to the performance of its duties in relation to the Warrants. 
25. 
MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM NUMBER OF WARRANTS EXERCISABLE 
25.1 
American Style Warrants 
This Condition 25.1 applies only to American Style Warrants. 
(a) 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Holder on any Actual Exercise Date or, in the case 
of Automatic Exercise, the number of Warrants held by any Holder on any Actual Exercise 
Date, in each case as determined by the Issuer, must not be less than the Minimum Exercise 
Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an integral multiple of the 
number specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Exercise Notice which purports to exercise 
Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
(b) 
If the Issuer determines that the number of Warrants being exercised on any Actual Exercise 
Date by any Holder or a group of Holders (whether or not acting in concert) exceeds the 
Maximum Exercise Number (a number equal to the Maximum Exercise Number being the

--- Page 159 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
159 
 
 
"Quota"), the Issuer may deem the Actual Exercise Date for the first Quota of such Warrants, 
selected at the discretion of the Issuer, to be such day and the Actual Exercise Date for each 
additional Quota of such Warrants (and any remaining number thereof) to be each of the 
succeeding Exercise Business Days until all such Warrants have been attributed with an Actual 
Exercise Date, provided, however, that the deemed Actual Exercise Date for any such Warrants 
which would thereby fall after the Expiration Date shall fall on the Expiration Date.  In any case 
where more than the Quota of Warrants are exercised on the same day by Holder(s), the order 
of settlement in respect of such Warrants shall be at the sole discretion of the Issuer. 
25.2 
European Style Warrants 
This Condition 25.2 applies only to European Style Warrants. 
The number of Warrants exercisable by any Holder on the Exercise Date, as determined by the Issuer, 
must be equal to the Minimum Exercise Number specified in the applicable Final Terms and, if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, if a number greater than the Minimum Exercise Number, must be an 
integral multiple of the number specified in the applicable Final Terms.  Any Exercise Notice which 
purports to exercise Warrants in breach of this provision shall be void and of no effect. 
26. 
TERMS APPLICABLE TO CERTIFICATES ONLY 
Conditions 27 to 33 apply to Certificates only. 
27. 
DEFINITIONS 
"AER Averaging Date" means each date specified as an AER Averaging Date in respect of an AER 
Valuation Period in the applicable Final Terms or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day. For the purposes of these Conditions, each AER 
Averaging Date shall be treated as an "Averaging Date" mutatis mutandis as if references herein to 
"Actual Exercise Date" were to "AER Valuation Period"; 
"AER Valuation Period" has the meaning given to it in Annex 1; 
"Averaging Date" means, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities, Debt 
Securities, Fund Securities, each date specified as an Averaging Date in the applicable Final Terms or, 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
if "Omission" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then such date will be 
deemed not to be an Averaging Date for the purposes of determining the relevant Settlement 
Price provided that, if through the operation of this provision no Averaging Date would occur, 
then the provisions of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of 
determining the relevant level, price or amount on the final Averaging Date as if such Averaging 
Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day; or 
(ii) 
if "Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then the provisions 
of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the purposes of determining the relevant 
level, price or amount on that Averaging Date as if such Averaging Date were a Valuation Date 
that was a Disrupted Day irrespective of whether, pursuant to such determination, that deferred 
Averaging Date would fall on a day that already is or is deemed to be an Averaging Date; or 
(iii) 
if "Modified Postponement" is specified as applying in the applicable Final Terms, then:

--- Page 160 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
160 
 
 
(A) 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a single Index, Share Securities 
relating to a single Share or ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, the 
Averaging Date shall be the first succeeding Valid Date (as defined below).  If the first 
succeeding Valid Date has not occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the original date that, but for the occurrence of another Averaging Date or 
Disrupted Day, would have been the final Averaging Date, then (I) that last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Averaging Date 
(irrespective of whether that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day is already 
an Averaging Date), and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level 
or price for that Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (i) of the definition 
of "Valuation Date" below; and 
(B) 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, Share 
Securities relating to a Basket of Shares or ETI Securities relating to a Basket of ETI 
Interests, the Averaging Date for each Index, Share or ETI Interest not affected by the 
occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the originally designated Averaging Date (the 
"Scheduled Averaging Date") and the Averaging Date for each Index, Share or ETI 
Interest affected by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding 
Valid Date (as defined below) in relation to such Index, Share or ETI Interest.  If the 
first succeeding Valid Date in relation to such Index, Share or ETI Interest has not 
occurred for a number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified 
Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the original date that, but for the 
occurrence of another Averaging Date or Disrupted Day, would have been the final 
Averaging Date, then (I) that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be 
deemed the Averaging Date (irrespective of whether that last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day is already an Averaging Date) in respect of such Index, Share 
or ETI Interest, and (II) the Calculation Agent shall determine the relevant level, price 
or amount for that Averaging Date in accordance with subparagraph (ii) of the 
definition of "Valuation Date" below; 
"Cash Settlement Amount" means the amount (which may never be less than zero) to which the Holder 
is entitled in the Settlement Currency in relation to each such Certificate equal to the Final Payout 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Cash Settlement Amount (if any) shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Settlement 
Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable 
market convention, provided that: 
(a) 
if Rounding Convention 1 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall be calculated using a maximum of four decimal places (with 0.00005 
being rounded upwards) and shall be rounded to the second decimal place (with 0.005 being 
rounded upwards); or 
(b) 
if Rounding Convention 2 is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Cash 
Settlement Amount shall not be subject to rounding but W&C Securities of the same Series held 
by the same Holder will be aggregated for the purpose of determining the aggregate Cash 
Settlement Amount in respect of such Certificates and the aggregate of such Cash Settlement 
Amounts will be rounded down to the nearest whole sub-unit of the Settlement Currency in such 
manner as the Calculation Agent shall determine,  
Provided That if the product of the Final Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable in respect of the 
relevant Certificate;

--- Page 161 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
161 
 
 
"Exercise Settlement Date" is the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Averaging Date" means each date specified as an Initial Averaging Date in respect of an Initial 
Valuation Period in the applicable Final Terms or if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the 
immediately following Scheduled Trading Day. For the purposes of these Conditions, each Initial 
Averaging Date shall be treated as an "Averaging Date" mutatis mutandis as if references herein to 
"Actual Exercise Date" were to "Initial Valuation Period"; 
"Observation Date" means each date specified as an Observation Date in the applicable Final Terms or 
if any such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day (in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI 
Securities, Debt Securities or Fund Securities), the immediately following Scheduled Trading Day.  The 
provisions contained in the definition of "Averaging Date" shall apply if any such day is a Disrupted Day 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Averaging Date" were to "Observation Date" 
unless Observation Day Disruption Consequences is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, in which case such date will be an Observation Date notwithstanding the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day and in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt Securities, 
the provisions of (i)(B) or (ii)(B), as applicable, of the definition of "Valuation Date" will apply for the 
purposes of determining the relevant level, price or amount on such Observation Date as if such 
Observation Date were a Valuation Date that was a Disrupted Day;  
"Observation Period" means the period specified as the Observation Period in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means the five major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank 
market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely 
connected with the relevant rate (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant rate, shall be the euro-zone); 
"Reference Rate Fallback Event" means, in relation to any AER Reference Rate, as applicable, any of 
the following, as determined by the Calculation Agent:  
(i) 
the AER Reference Rate ceasing to exist or ceasing to be published for a period of at least six 
(6) consecutive Business Days or having been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(ii) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of (i) the 
administrator of the AER Reference Rate or (ii) the supervisor, insolvency official, resolution 
authority, central bank or competent court having jurisdiction over such administrator stating 
that (x) the administrator has ceased or will cease permanently or indefinitely to provide the 
AER Reference Rate, (y) the AER Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued, or (z) the AER Reference Rate has been or will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use has been or will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally, or in respect of the W&C Securities, provided that, if such public statement or 
publication mentions that the event or circumstance referred to in (x), (y) or (z) above will occur 
on a date falling later than three (3) months after the relevant public statement or publication, 
the Reference Rate Fallback Event shall be deemed to occur on the date falling three (3) months 
prior to such specified date (and not the date of the relevant public statement); 
(iii) 
it has or will prior to AER Reference Rate Determination Date (as applicable), become unlawful 
for the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for determining the AER Reference 
Rate to calculate any payments due to be made to any Holder using the AER Reference Rate, 
as applicable (including, without limitation, under BMR, if applicable); or 
(iv) 
the making of a public statement or publication of information that any authorisation, 
registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any 
official register in respect of the AER Reference Rate or the administrator of the AER Reference

--- Page 162 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
162 
 
 
Rate has not been, or will not be, obtained or has been, or will be, rejected, refused, suspended 
or withdrawn by the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body, in each case 
with the effect that the use of the AER Reference Rate is not or will not be permitted under any 
applicable law or regulation, such that the Calculation Agent or any other party responsible for 
determining the AER Reference Rate is unable to perform its obligations in respect of the W&C 
Securities. 
A change in the methodology of the AER Reference Rate shall not, absent the occurrence of one of the 
above, be deemed a Reference Rate Fallback Event. 
"Valid Date" means a Scheduled Trading Day that is not a Disrupted Day and on which another 
Averaging Date or another Observation Date does not or is deemed not to occur; 
"Valuation Date" means, in the case of Index Securities, Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt 
Securities, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Valuation Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if such day is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the immediately 
succeeding Scheduled Trading Day unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a 
Disrupted Day.  If such day is a Disrupted Day, then: 
(i) 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a single Index, Share Securities relating 
to a single Share, ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or Debt Securities relating to a 
single Debt Instrument, the Valuation Date shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day 
that is not a Disrupted Day, unless each of the number of consecutive Scheduled Trading Days 
equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately following the Scheduled 
Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day.  In that case, (A) the last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day shall be deemed to be the Valuation Date, notwithstanding the fact that such day 
is a Disrupted Day, and (B) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price: 
(A) 
in the case of Index Securities, by determining the level of the Index as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the 
formula for and method of calculating the Index last in effect prior to the occurrence 
of the first Disrupted Day using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation 
Time on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised 
in the Index (or, if an event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of 
the relevant security on the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith 
estimate of the value for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of Share Securities, ETI Securities or Debt Securities, in accordance with 
its good faith estimate of the Settlement Price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day; or 
(ii) 
where the Certificates are Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices, Share Securities 
relating to a Basket of Shares, ETI Securities relating to a Basket comprised of ETI Interests or 
Debt Securities relating to a Basket of Debt Instruments, the Valuation Date for each Index, 
Share, ETI Interest or Debt Instrument, as the case may be, not affected by the occurrence of a 
Disrupted Day shall be the Scheduled Valuation Date, and the Valuation Date for each Index, 
Share, ETI Interest or Debt Instrument affected, as the case may be, (each an "Affected Item") 
by the occurrence of a Disrupted Day shall be the first succeeding Scheduled Trading Day that 
is not a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item unless each of the number of consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Days equal to the Specified Maximum Days of Disruption immediately 
following the Scheduled Valuation Date is a Disrupted Day relating to the Affected Item.  In 
that case, (i) the last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day shall be deemed to be the 
Valuation Date for the Affected Item, notwithstanding the fact that such day is a Disrupted Day,

--- Page 163 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
163 
 
 
and (ii) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Settlement Price using, in relation to the 
Affected Item, the level or value as applicable, determined using: 
(A) 
in the case of an Index, the level of that Index as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day in accordance with the formula for and method of 
calculating that Index last in effect prior to the occurrence of the first Disrupted Day 
using the Exchange traded or quoted price as of the Valuation Time on the last such 
consecutive Scheduled Trading Day of each security comprised in that Index (or, if an 
event giving rise to a Disrupted Day has occurred in respect of the relevant security on 
that last such consecutive Scheduled Trading Day, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the relevant security as of the Valuation Time on the last such consecutive 
Scheduled Trading Day); or 
(B) 
in the case of a Share, ETI Interest or Debt Security, its good faith estimate of the value 
for the Affected Item as of the Valuation Time on that last such consecutive Scheduled 
Trading Day,  
and otherwise in accordance with the above provisions; and 
"Valuation Time" means: 
(a) 
the Valuation Time, as the case may be, specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(b) 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Composite Index, unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, (A) for the purposes of determining whether a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred: (x) in respect of any Component Security, the 
Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security, and 
(y) in respect of any options contracts or futures contracts on such Index, the close of 
trading on the Related Exchange; and (B) in all other circumstances, the time at which 
the official closing level of such Index is calculated and published by the Index 
Sponsor; 
(ii) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to Indices other than Composite Indices, Share 
Securities or ETI Securities unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Scheduled Closing Time on the relevant Exchange on the relevant Strike Date, 
Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, in relation 
to each Index, Share or ETI Interest to be valued, provided that if the relevant Exchange 
closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified Valuation Time, as the 
case may be, is after the actual closing time for its regular trading session, then the 
Valuation Time shall be such actual closing time; or 
(iii) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to Shares in respect of which "China Connect" 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and unless otherwise specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, the Scheduled Closing Time of the China Connect 
Service on the relevant Strike Date, Valuation Date, Observation Date or Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, in relation to each such Share to be valued, provided that, if 
the China Connect Service closes prior to its Scheduled Closing Time and the specified 
Valuation Time, as the case may be, is after the actual closing time for its regular order 
routing session, then the Valuation Time, as the case may be, shall be such actual 
closing time.

--- Page 164 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
164 
 
 
28. 
FORM OF CERTIFICATES 
Certificates are represented by (i) a permanent global certificate ("Permanent Global Certificate"), (ii) 
a Rule 144A Global Certificate (as defined below), (iii) a Regulation S Global Certificate (as defined 
below) or (iv) certificates in registered form ("Registered Certificates"), as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  Except as provided herein, no Certificates in definitive form will be issued. 
In the event that the applicable Final Terms specify that Certificates are eligible for sale in the United 
States ("U.S. Certificates") (such eligibility to be pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")), (A) the Certificates sold 
in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be in the case of U.S. Certificates issued by BNPP, 
a qualified institutional buyer ("QIB") under Rule 144A under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") ("Rule 
144A Certificates"), and in the case of U.S. Certificates issued by BNPP B.V., is a QIB who is also a 
QP will be represented by one or more Rule 144A global certificates (each, a "Rule 144A Global 
Certificate"), (B) the Certificates sold outside the United States to persons that are not (i) a "U.S. person" 
as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 
under the Commodity Exchange Act; (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC or 
(b) the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain 
Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in 
each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity 
Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in 
regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person") 
will be represented by one or more Regulation S global certificates (each, a "Regulation S Global 
Certificate").  References herein to a "Clearing System Global Certificate" means, as the context so 
requires, a Rule 144A Global Certificate, a Regulation S Global Certificate or the Permanent Global 
Certificate, representing the Certificates and Certificates represented by a Clearing System Global 
Certificate are referred to herein as "Clearing System Certificates". 
In the event that the Final Terms does not specify that Certificates are eligible for sale in the United 
States or to U.S. persons, the Certificates offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons 
in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC regulations and guidance will be represented by a 
Regulation S Global Certificate or a Permanent Global Certificate or will be Registered Certificates, as 
the case may be. 
In the event that the Certificates are constituted by a Clearing System Global Certificate other than a 
Rule 144A Global Certificate, the Clearing System Global Certificate will be deposited with (i) a 
depositary (the "Common Depositary") common to Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream, 
Luxembourg") and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and/or any other relevant Clearing System, 
in each case in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System(s).  Certificates 
represented by a Rule 144A Global Certificate will be either (i) deposited with a custodian (a 
"Custodian") for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC"), 
or (ii) issued and deposited with the Common Depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Euroclear and/or any other relevant Clearing System. 
Registered Certificates will be offered and sold in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC 
regulations and guidance and will be sold to non-U.S. persons outside the United States.  Registered 
Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a "Registered Global 
Certificate").  The Registered Global Certificate will be deposited with a common depositary for, and 
registered in the name of a common nominee of, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System. 
Interests in a Registered Global Certificate will be exchangeable (free of charge), in whole but not in 
part, for definitive Registered Certificates only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these

--- Page 165 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
165 
 
 
purposes, "Exchange Event" means that the Issuer has been notified that Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, have been closed for business 
for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have 
announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no 
successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly give notice to Holders in accordance 
with Condition 10 if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Registered Global Certificate) may give 
notice to the Registrar requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than ten days after 
the date of receipt of the first relevant notice by the Registrar. 
Interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate and a Regulation S Global Certificate may be exchanged for 
interests in the other Global Certificates only as described herein.  Interests in a Clearing System Global 
Certificate may not be exchanged for interests in a Registered Certificate and interests in a Registered 
Certificate may not be exchanged for interests in a Clearing System Global Certificate. 
Each of the Clearing System Global Certificate and the Registered Global Certificate is referred to in 
these Terms and Conditions as a "Global Certificate".  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be attached to such Global Certificate. 
In the case of Certificates represented by a Rule 144A Global Certificate held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, if DTC notifies the Guarantor that it is unwilling or unable to continue as a depositary for that 
Global Certificate or if at any time DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange 
Act as amended, and a successor depositary is not appointed by the Guarantor within 90 days of such 
notice, the Guarantor will deliver Certificates in definitive registered form (bearing such legends as may 
be required by the Guarantor) in exchange for that Rule 144A Global Certificate.  Except in these 
circumstances, owners of beneficial interests in a Rule 144A Global Certificate held by a Custodian on 
behalf of DTC will not be entitled to have any portion of such Certificates registered in their name and 
will not receive or be entitled to receive physical delivery of registered Certificates in definitive form in 
exchange for their interests in that Rule 144A Global Certificate.  Transfer, exercise, settlement and other 
mechanics related to any Certificates issued in definitive form in exchange for Certificates represented 
by such Rule 144A Global Certificate shall be as agreed between the Guarantor and the New York 
Security Agent. 
29. 
TYPE (CERTIFICATES) 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether Certificates are redeemable in instalments and whether 
Averaging ("Averaging") will apply to the Certificates.   
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Certificates are exercisable, if so whether Multiple 
Exercise applies and the relevant Exercise Date(s). 
30. 
TITLE AND TRANSFER OF REGISTERED CERTIFICATES 
Subject as provided below, title to the Registered Certificates will pass upon the registration of transfers 
in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
For so long as the Certificates are represented by a Registered Global Certificate held on behalf of 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may 
be, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing 
System, as the case may be) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular 
amount of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as to the

--- Page 166 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
166 
 
 
amount of Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the 
Security Agents as the holder of such amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with respect 
to the payment of principal with respect to such Certificates for which purpose the registered holder of 
the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall be treated by the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, and the 
Security Agents as the holder of such amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Registered Global Certificate (and the expressions "Holder" and "holder of 
Certificates" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). 
Transfers of beneficial interests in Registered Global Certificates will be effected by Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, and, in turn, 
by other participants and, if appropriate, indirect participants in such clearing systems acting on behalf 
of beneficial transferors and transferees of such interests.  Title will pass upon registration of the transfer 
in the books of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as the 
case may be. 
Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Agency Agreement, a Registered Certificate 
in definitive form may be transferred in whole or in part.  In order to effect any such transfer (i) the holder 
or holders must (a) surrender the Registered Certificate for registration of the transfer of the Registered 
Certificate (or the relevant part of the Registered Certificate) at the specified office of the Registrar or 
any Security Agent, with the form of transfer thereon duly executed by the holder or holders thereof or 
his or their attorney or attorneys duly authorised in writing and (b) complete and deposit such other 
certifications as may be required by the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Security Agent and 
(ii) the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Security Agent must, after due and careful enquiry, 
be satisfied with the documents of title and the identity of the person making the request.  Any such 
transfer will be subject to such reasonable regulations as the Issuer and the Registrar may from time to 
time prescribe (the initial such regulations being set out in Schedule 15 to the Agency Agreement).  
Subject as provided above, the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Security Agent will, within 
three business days (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for business in the city where 
the specified office of the Registrar or, as the case may be, the relevant Security Agent is located) of the 
request (or such longer period as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other laws or 
regulations), authenticate and deliver, or procure the authentication and delivery of, at its specified office 
to the transferee or (at the risk of the transferee) send by uninsured mail to such address as the transferee 
may request, a new Registered Certificate in definitive form of a like amount to the Registered Certificate 
(or the relevant part of the Registered Certificate) transferred.  In the case of the transfer of part only of 
a Registered Certificate in definitive form, a new Registered Certificate in definitive form in respect of 
the balance of the Registered Certificate not transferred will be so authenticated and delivered or (at the 
risk of the transferor) sent to the transferor. 
Holders will not be required to bear the costs and expenses of effecting any registration of transfer as 
provided above, except that the Issuer may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any stamp 
duty, tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation to the registration or exchange in 
the jurisdiction of the Issuer or in any other jurisdiction where the Registrar's specified office is located. 
Registered Certificates and interests therein may not be transferred at any time, directly or indirectly, in 
the United States or to or for the benefit of a U.S. person, and any such transfer shall not be recognised. 
31. 
REDEMPTION AND EXERCISE (CERTIFICATES) 
31.1 
General 
Other than in the case of Exercisable Certificates, and unless a Certificate has previously been redeemed 
or purchased and cancelled, subject as provided in these Terms and Conditions, each Certificate will be 
redeemed by the Issuer by payment of the Cash Settlement Amount, such redemption to occur, subject

--- Page 167 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
167 
 
 
as provided below, on the date falling on the fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date, unless 
specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms (the "Redemption Date").  If the date for payment of 
any amount in respect of the Certificates is not a Business Day, the holder thereof shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further payment in respect 
of such delay. 
The Certificates may also be subject to automatic early redemption upon the occurrence of an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event, as defined in and in accordance with the provisions of Condition 31.7 if 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
31.2 
Issuer Call Option 
If Issuer Call Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, unless the Certificates have previously 
been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Holder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) notice has been given to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 31.3, the Issuer may, having 
given: 
(a) 
except in the case of Certificates represented by a Rule 144A Global Certificate held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' (or such other period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Notice Period")) notice to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10 and, in the case of Certificates represented by a Rule 144A Global 
Certificate held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC, not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' notice 
to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; and 
(b) 
not less than 15 days (or such Notice Period specified in the applicable Final Terms) before the 
giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the relevant Security Agent, 
(which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some 
only of the Certificates then outstanding on any date fixed for redemption as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (an "Optional Redemption Date") and at an amount in the Settlement Currency (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount") specified in, or determined on the date (the "Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date") and in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Optional Redemption 
Amount is not an amount in the Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will 
be converted into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of a partial redemption, the rights of Holders of Certificates represented by a Global 
Certificate will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg, DTC, 
as applicable, or any relevant Clearing System (as the case may be).  So long as the Certificates are listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Paris ("Euronext Paris"), as the case 
may be, and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext 
Paris, as the case may be, and the rules of that stock exchange so require, the Issuer shall, once in each 
year in which there has been a partial redemption of the Certificates, in the case where the Certificates 
are listed on the official list of Euronext Paris, cause to be published on the website of Euronext Paris 
(www.euronext.com) a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Certificates outstanding. 
31.3 
Holder Put Option 
Unless the Certificates have previously been redeemed or purchased and cancelled or (if Issuer Call 
Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms) notice has been given to the Holders in accordance 
with Condition 31.2, if Holder Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the Holder of 
any Certificate giving to the Issuer not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Notice Period")) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such 
notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in 
whole (but not in part), such Certificate on any date fixed for redemption as specified in the applicable

--- Page 168 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
168 
 
 
Final Terms (an "Optional Redemption Date") and at an amount in the Settlement Currency (the 
"Optional Redemption Amount") specified in, or determined on the date (the "Optional Redemption 
Valuation Date") and in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms (each date and amount as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms).  If the Optional Redemption Amount is zero, no amount shall 
be payable on redemption of such Certificate.  If the Optional Redemption Amount is not an amount in 
the Settlement Currency, if specified in the applicable Final Terms, it will be converted into the 
Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Certificate is held outside DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System, to exercise the right to require redemption of the Certificate the Holder of the Certificate 
must deliver at the specified office of any Security Agent or the Registrar at any time during normal 
business hours of such Registrar or Security Agent falling within the Notice Period, a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office 
of any Security Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the Holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this 
Condition 31.3, accompanied by the Certificate or evidence satisfactory to the Security Agent concerned 
that the Certificate will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control in 
a manner reasonably satisfactory to the Security Agent concerned.  If the Certificate is held through DTC, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, to exercise the right 
to require redemption of the Certificate the Holder of the Certificate must, within the Notice Period, give 
notice to the Security Agent concerned of such exercise in accordance with the standard procedures of 
DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System (which may 
include notice being given on such Holder’s instruction by DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant Clearing System or any common depositary for them to the Security Agent by 
electronic means) in a form acceptable to DTC, Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant Clearing System from time to time.  Any Put Notice given by a Holder of any Certificate 
pursuant to this Condition 31.3 shall be irrevocable. 
31.4 
Redemption in Instalments 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Certificates are Instalment Certificates, each Certificate 
will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
31.5 
Redemption of Partly Paid Certificates 
Partly Paid Certificates will be redeemed in accordance with the provisions set out in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
31.6 
Exercise of Certificates 
If Exercise of Certificates is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Certificates (such 
Certificates "Exercisable Certificates") will be automatically exercised on the Exercise Date, or, if 
Multiple Exercise is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each Exercise Date subject as 
provided in the following paragraph.  Upon automatic exercise each Certificate entitles its Holder to 
receive from the Issuer the Cash Settlement Amount on the Exercise Settlement Date or, if Multiple 
Exercise is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Exercise Settlement Date. 
31.7 
Automatic Early Redemption (Certificates)  
(a) 
If "Automatic Early Redemption" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, then 
unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, if on any Automatic Early Redemption 
Valuation Date the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs, then the Certificates will be 
automatically redeemed in whole, but not in part, on the Automatic Early Redemption Date

--- Page 169 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
169 
 
 
immediately following such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date and the amount (if 
any) payable by the Issuer on such date upon redemption of each Certificate shall be equal to 
the relevant Automatic Early Redemption Amount. 
(b) 
Definitions relating to Automatic Early Redemption 
"AER Rate" means the rate specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Amount" means an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout set out in the applicable Final Terms. If the Automatic Early 
Redemption Payout is zero, no amount shall be payable on redemption of the Certificate pursuant to this 
Condition; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, 
or if such date is not a Business Day, the next following Business Day, and no Holder shall be entitled 
to any interest or further payment in respect of such delay; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Event" means that (a) in the case of a single Underlying Reference, the 
Underlying Reference Level or (b) in the case of a Basket of Underlying References, the Basket Price is, 
(i) "greater than", (ii) "greater than or equal to", (iii) "less than" or (iv) "less than or equal to" the 
Automatic Early Redemption Level as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Level" means the level of the Underlying Reference specified as such 
or otherwise determined in the applicable Final Terms, subject to adjustment from time to time in 
accordance with the provisions set forth in the Relevant Adjustment Provisions, as applicable; 
"Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means each date as specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or, if such date is not a Scheduled Trading Day, the next following Scheduled Trading Day, 
unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such day is a Disrupted Day.  If any such day is a 
Disrupted Day, then the corresponding provisions in the definition of "Valuation Date" shall apply 
mutatis mutandis as if references in such provisions to "Valuation Date" were to "Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date"; 
"Basket of Underlying References" means, for the purposes of this Condition 31.7, the Basket of 
Indices, Basket of Shares or ETI Basket to which the value of the relevant W&C Securities may relate, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Basket Price" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
equal to the sum of the values for each Underlying Reference as the product of (a) the Underlying 
Reference Level of such Underlying Reference on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
and (b) the relevant Weighting;  
"Observation Price Source" means the source specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Adjustment Provisions" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Index Securities, Index Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption) and Index 
Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
(ii) 
in the case of Share Securities, Share Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), Share Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary 
Events);

--- Page 170 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
170 
 
 
(iii) 
in the case of ETI Securities, ETI Security Condition 2 (Market Disruption), ETI Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and ETI Security Condition 6 (Consequences of an 
Extraordinary ETI Event);  
(iv) 
in the case of Fund Securities, Fund Security Condition 4 (Consequences of an Extraordinary 
Fund Event); and 
(v) 
in the case of Debt Securities, Debt Security Condition 3 (Market Disruption); 
"Underlying Reference" means, for the purposes of this Condition 31.7 each Index, Share, ETI Interest 
or Debt Security to which the relevant W&C Securities relate; and 
"Underlying Reference Level" means, in respect of any Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date, 
(i) "official level", "official close", "bid price" or "asked price" of the Underlying Reference, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms published by the Observation Price Source or (ii) if Standard Price is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (a) in the case of Share Securities and ETI 
Securities, the price of the relevant Underlying Reference, (b) in the case of Index Securities, the level 
of the relevant Underlying Reference or (c) in the case of Debt Securities, the bid price of the relevant 
Underlying Reference as determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for such 
Underlying Reference appearing on the Relevant Screen Page, in each case, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent as of the Valuation Time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date or, in 
the case of the "official close" level, at such time on such Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date 
as the official close is published by the Observation Price Source.  
(c) 
AER Rate Determination 
(i) 
Where the applicable Final Terms specify that the AER Rate is determined by 
reference to a Screen Rate the AER Rate will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate(s) which 
appears or appear, as the case may be, on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information) as at the AER Specified Time 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms (which will be 11.00 a.m., Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) (the "Screen Page AER Rate") on the AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the AER Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the AER Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than 
one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is 
more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded 
by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded 
as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
If the AER Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of subparagraph (i)(A), no 
offered quotation appears on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement page on that 
service which displays the information) or, in the case of subparagraph (i)(B), fewer 
than three offered quotations appear on the AER Screen Page (or such replacement 
page on that service which displays the information), in each case as at the AER 
Specified Time, except as provided in paragraph (ii) below, the Calculation Agent shall

--- Page 171 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
171 
 
 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the AER Reference Rate at 
the AER Specified Time on the AER Reference Rate Determination Date in question.  
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
quotations, the AER Rate shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the 
nearest 0.001 with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the relevant quotations, 
eliminating the highest quotation (or in the event that two or more quotations are 
identical, one of the highest) and the lowest (or in the event that two or more quotations 
are identical, one of the lowest) plus or minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if 
any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
If on any AER Reference Rate Determination Date one only or none of the Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with an offered quotation as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the AER Rate shall be the rate per annum which the Calculation 
Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the nearest 
0.001, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates per annum, as communicated 
to  the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate by leading banks in the inter-
bank market plus or minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any). 
If fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with offered 
rates, the AER Rate shall be the offered rate for deposits in the Settlement Currency 
for a period equal to that which would have been used for the AER Reference Rate, or 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Settlement Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
AER Reference Rate, at which, at the AER Specified Time on the relevant AER 
Reference Rate Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is 
or are in the opinion of the Calculation Agent suitable for the purpose) informs the 
Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the inter-bank market applicable to 
the AER Reference Rate (which will be the Euro zone inter bank market, if the AER 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR) plus or minus (as appropriate) the AER Margin (if any), 
as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If the AER Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Calculation Agent shall determine the AER Rate from such 
source(s) as it acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner may 
select, except that if the Calculation Agent determines that the absence of the quotation 
is due to the discontinuation of the Screen Page AER Rate or the occurrence of a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event, then the AER Reference Rate will be determined in 
accordance with paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If the Calculation Agent determines at any time prior to any AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date, that the Screen Page AER Rate has been discontinued or a 
Reference Rate Fallback Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent will use, as a 
substitute for the Screen Page AER Rate, the alternative reference rate selected by the 
central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any 
committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction or region of the currency of 
the relevant rate (each a "Relevant Nominating Body") that is consistent with industry 
accepted standards, provided that, if two or more alternative reference rates are 
selected by any Reference Nominating Body, the Issuer or the Calculation Agent, as

--- Page 172 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
172 
 
 
applicable, shall determine which of those alternative reference rates is most 
appropriate to preserve the economic features of the relevant W&C Securities. If the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative 
reference rate, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any 
event before the Business Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date) appoint an agent (the "Reference Rate Determination Agent"), 
which will determine whether a substitute or successor rate, which is substantially 
comparable to the Screen Page AER Rate, is available for the purpose of determining 
the AER Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on 
or after the date of such determination.  If the Reference Rate Determination Agent 
determines that there is an industry accepted successor rate, the Reference Rate 
Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of such successor rate to be used by the 
Calculation Agent to determine the AER Rate.  
If the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph 
(such rate, the "Replacement AER Reference Rate"), for the purpose of determining 
the AER Reference Rate on each AER Reference Rate Determination Date falling on 
or after such determination:  
(A) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable 
Business Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the AER Reference 
Rate Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement AER Reference Rate, including any adjustment 
needed to make such Replacement AER Reference Rate comparable to the 
Screen Page AER Rate, in each case acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-accepted 
practices for such Replacement AER Reference Rate;  
(B) 
references to the AER Reference Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to 
be references to the relevant Replacement AER Reference Rate, including 
any alternative method for determining such rate as described in (A) above;  
(C) 
the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, will notify the Issuer of the Replacement AER Reference Rate, 
and the details described in (A) above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and  
(D) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10, 
the Principal Security Agent and the Calculation Agent of the Replacement 
AER Reference Rate, and the details described in (A) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) 
on the Business Day prior to the applicable AER Reference Rate 
Determination Date.  
The determination of the Replacement AER Reference Rate and the other matters 
referred to above by the Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Principal Security Agent and the Holders, unless the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or the Reference Rate Determination Agent determines at a later 
date that the Replacement AER Reference Rate is no longer substantially comparable 
to the AER Reference Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, 
in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Reference Rate 
Determination Agent, as the case may be (which may or may not be the same entity as

--- Page 173 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
173 
 
 
the original Reference Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the 
purpose of confirming the Replacement AER Reference Rate or determining a 
substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate in an identical manner as described in 
this paragraph (ii). If the replacement Reference Rate Determination Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement AER Reference Rate, then the Replacement AER Reference 
Rate will remain unchanged. 
The Reference Rate Determination Agent may be (x) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the relevant rate as appointed by 
the Calculation Agent, (y) the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) or (z) an affiliate 
of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or the Calculation Agent. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum AER Reference Rate then, in the event that 
the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is less than such 
Minimum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Minimum AER Reference Rate.  
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms as greater than zero, the Minimum AER 
Reference Rate shall be deemed to be zero. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum AER Reference Rate then, in the event that 
the AER Reference Rate determined in accordance with the above provisions is greater than 
such Maximum AER Reference Rate, the AER Rate shall be such Maximum AER Reference 
Rate. 
If the relevant Reference Rate Fallback Event may also constitute an Administrator/Benchmark 
Event in the determination of the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 15.1, the provisions 
of this Condition 31.7.(c)(ii) will apply. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the provisions of (and all provisions referred to in) 
this Condition 31.7, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or Reference Rate Determination Agent 
(as applicable) may make all determinations and/or adjustments and take all actions in respect 
of the W&C Securities as are provided for in connection with a Reference Rate Fallback Event 
or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, notwithstanding that such Reference Rate 
Fallback Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event, as applicable, may have occurred before 
the Issue Date of the W&C Securities. 
31.8 
Payout Switch 
If Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (i) if Payout Switch Election is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may in its sole and absolute discretion 
elect that or (ii) if Automatic Payout Switch is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and 
an Automatic Payout Switch Event occurs, the Final Payout for the Certificates will be amended (a 
"Payout Switch") from the Final Payout specified in the Final Terms to the Switched Payout specified 
in the applicable Final Terms on and after the Payout Switch Date specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Notice of any Payout Switch will be given to Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
"Automatic Payout Switch Event" means that the Final Payout value is (a) "greater than", (b) "equal to 
or greater than", (c) "less than" or (d) "less than or equal to", as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Automatic Payout Switch Level, (x) on an Automatic Payout Switch Date or (y) in respect of an 
Automatic Payout Switch Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Automatic Payout Switch Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 174 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
174 
 
 
"Automatic Payout Switch Level" means the number, amount, level or percentage specified as such in 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Automatic Payout Switch Period" means each period specific as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
32. 
PAYMENTS (CERTIFICATES) 
32.1 
General 
Except in the case of Registered Certificates and subject as provided below, the Issuer or, failing which, 
the Guarantor , if any, shall pay or cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) (or in the case 
of Instalment Certificates, each Instalment Amount) for each Certificate by credit or transfer to the 
Holder's account with the relevant Clearing System for value on the Redemption Date (or (a) in the case 
of Instalment Certificates, on the relevant Instalment Date; or (b) if Multiple Exercise is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, on the relevant Exercise Settlement Date) less any Expenses, 
such payment to be made in accordance with the rules of such Clearing System. 
Except in the case of Registered Certificates, the Issuer or the Guarantor, if any, will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the relevant Clearing System in respect of the amount so paid.  Each of 
the persons shown in the records of the relevant Clearing System as the holder of a particular amount of 
the Certificates must look solely to the relevant Clearing System for his share of each such payment so 
made to, or to the order of, such Clearing System. 
In the case of Registered Certificates, the Issuer or, failing which, the Guarantor, if any, shall pay or 
cause to be paid the Cash Settlement Amount (if any) (or in the case of Instalment Amount, each 
Instalment Amount) in respect of each Registered Certificate (whether or not in global form) against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of the 
Registered Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar or any of the Security Agents by transfer to 
the Designated Account (as defined below) of the holder (or the first named of joint holders) of the 
Registered Certificate appearing in the Register (i) where in global form, at the close of the business day 
(being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
Clearing System are open for business) before the relevant due date, and (ii) where in definitive form, at 
the close of business on the third business day (being for this purpose a day on which banks are open for 
business in the city where the specified office of the Registrar is located) before the relevant due date 
(the "Record Date").  Notwithstanding the previous sentence, if (i) a holder does not have a Designated 
Account or (ii) the amount of the Certificates held by a holder is less than U.S.$250,000 (or integral 
multiples of U.S.$1,000 in excess thereof) (or its approximate equivalent in any other Settlement 
Currency), payment will instead be made by a cheque in the Settlement Currency drawn on a Designated 
Bank (as defined below), provided that any payment in CNY will be made solely by transfer to the 
Designated Account in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) of the Holder (or the first named of joint Holders) 
of the Registered Certificate appearing in the Register. For these purposes, "Designated Account" means 
the account maintained by a holder with a Designated Bank and identified as such in the Register and 
"Designated Bank" means (i) (in the case of payment in a Settlement Currency other than euro or CNY) 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Settlement Currency (ii) (in the case of a 
payment in euro) any bank which processes payments in euro; and (iii) (in the case of a payment in CNY) 
a bank in the CNY Settlement Centre(s). 
Holders of Registered Certificates will not be entitled to any interest or other payment for any delay in 
receiving any amount due in respect of any Registered Certificate as a result of a cheque posted in 
accordance with this Condition arriving after the due date for payment or being lost in the post.  No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to such holders by the Registrar/relevant Security Agent in 
respect of any payments of principal or interest in respect of the Registered Certificates.

--- Page 175 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
175 
 
 
None of the Issuer, the Guarantor (if applicable) or any of the Security Agents will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on account of, 
beneficial ownership interests in the Registered Global Certificates or for maintaining, supervising or 
reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests. 
A record of each payment made on such Registered Global Certificate will be made on such Registered 
Global Certificate by the Registrar to which such Registered Global Certificate is presented for the 
purpose of making such payment, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made. 
The holder of the relevant Registered Global Certificate shall be the only person entitled to receive 
payments in respect of Registered Certificates represented by such Registered Global Certificate and the 
payment obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor (if applicable) will be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the holder of such Registered Global Certificate in respect of each amount so paid.  Each 
of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant Clearing System, as the case may be, as the holder of a particular amount of Certificates must 
look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant Clearing System, as 
the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of 
the relevant Registered Global Certificate.  No person other than the holder of the relevant Registered 
Global Certificate shall have any claim against the Issuer or the Guarantor (if any) in respect of any 
payments due on that Registered Global Certificate. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto, (ii) 
any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto, and (iii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code. 
In addition, if the W&C Securities are deemed to be "Specified Securities" for the purpose of Section 
871(m) of the Code, in determining the amount of withholding or deduction required pursuant to Section 
871(m) of the Code imposed with respect to any amounts to be paid on the W&C Securities, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to withhold on any "dividend equivalent" payment (as defined for purposes of Section 
871(m) of the Code) at a rate of 30 per cent.   
Payments on the W&C Securities that reference U.S. securities or an index that includes U.S. securities 
may be calculated by reference to the net dividends payable on such U.S. securities or net total returns 
of the U.S. components of such index. In calculating the relevant payment amount, the Issuer may 
withhold and the holder will be deemed to have received 30 per cent. of any "dividend equivalent" 
payments (as defined in Section 871(m) of the Code) in respect of the relevant U.S. securities or U.S. 
dividend paying index components, as the case may be. The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts 
to the holder on account of the Section 871(m) amount deemed withheld. 
32.2 
CNY Payment Disruption Event  
If the applicable Final Terms specify "CNY Payment Disruption Event" to be applicable, in the event 
that the Calculation Agent determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that a CNY Payment Disruption 
Event has occurred or is likely to occur and that such CNY Payment Disruption Event is material in 
relation to the Issuer's payment obligations under the Certificates in respect of the  Redemption Date or 
other date on which any amount in respect of the Certificates shall be due and payable (each such date, 
an "Affected Payment Date"), then the Calculation Agent shall notify Holders as soon as practicable of 
the occurrence of such CNY Payment Disruption Event in accordance with Condition 10.

--- Page 176 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
176 
 
 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that "CNY Payment Disruption Event" is applicable to the 
Certificates, upon the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event:  
(i) 
Postponement  
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Postponement" to be applicable in respect of the 
Certificates, then the Affected Payment Date shall be postponed until the earlier of (A) the 
second Business Day following the day on which such CNY Payment Disruption Event ceases 
to exist, and (B) the date falling 14 calendar days following the original date on which the 
Affected Payment Date was scheduled to fall (the "CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date") 
and notice thereof shall be given to the relevant Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
In the event that, pursuant to the preceding paragraph, the Affected Payment Date is adjusted to 
fall on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and the Calculation Agent determines that a 
CNY Payment Disruption Event still exists on such day, then the Issuer shall make payment of 
the Equivalent Amount of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on 
the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date and notice thereof shall be given to the relevant 
Holders of the Registered Certificates in accordance with Condition 10. Any such payment 
made by the Issuer on the CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date shall be in full and final 
settlement of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the Certificates. 
(ii) 
Payment of Equivalent Amount  
If the applicable Final Terms specify "Payment of Equivalent Amount" to be applicable in 
respect of the Certificates, the Issuer shall, upon giving notice prior to the relevant Affected 
Payment Date to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10, make payment of the Equivalent 
Amount of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on the relevant 
Affected Payment Date. Any such payment made by the Issuer on an Affected Payment Date 
shall be in full and final settlement of its obligations to pay such amount in respect of the 
Certificates.  
For these purposes: 
"CNY" means Chinese Yuan or Renminbi, the lawful currency of the People's Republic of 
China (including any lawful successor currency to the CNY); 
"CNY Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or 
instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any 
other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including 
the central bank) in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong and any other CNY Settlement 
Centre(s); 
"CNY Payment Disruption Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
an event which makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or 
impractical for the Issuer to convert any amounts due and payable in CNY under the 
Certificates into or from the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency in the general 
CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where 
such impossibility or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply 
with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless 
such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible 
or impractical for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to comply with such law, 
rule or regulation) (a "CNY Inconvertibility Event"). For the avoidance of doubt, the

--- Page 177 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
177 
 
 
inability of the Issuer to convert CNY solely due to issues relating to its 
creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY Inconvertibility Event; 
(b) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical 
for the Issuer to deliver (i) CNY between accounts inside the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s), or (ii) from an account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) to an 
account outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, to 
another CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland China, or (iii) from an account 
outside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s) (including, if applicable, from an 
account inside another CNY Settlement Centre) and outside Mainland China to an 
account inside the relevant CNY Settlement Centre(s), except where such impossibility 
or impracticality is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any law, rule 
or regulation enacted by any CNY Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or 
regulation is enacted after the relevant Trade Date, and it is impossible or impractical 
for the Issuer, due to events beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or 
regulation) (a "CNY Non-Transferability Event"); or 
(c) 
an event that makes it impossible (where it had previously been possible) or impractical 
for the Issuer to obtain a firm quote of an offer price in respect of any amounts due and 
payable in CNY under the Certificates (either in one transaction or a commercially 
reasonable number of transactions that, when taken together, is no less than such 
amount) in the general CNY foreign exchange market in the relevant CNY Settlement 
Centre(s) in order to perform its obligations under the Certificates (a "CNY Illiquidity 
Event"). For the avoidance of doubt, the inability of the Issuer to obtain such firm 
quote solely due to issues relating to its creditworthiness shall not constitute a CNY 
Illiquidity Event; 
"CNY Settlement Centre" means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. If no CNY Settlement Centre 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the CNY Settlement Centre will be Hong Kong; 
"Equivalent Amount" means, following the occurrence of a CNY Payment Disruption Event 
and in respect of the relevant payment or such other amount payable (if applicable) on the 
relevant Affected Payment Date or the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the 
case may be (for these purposes, the "Relevant CNY Amount"), an amount in the Equivalent 
Amount Settlement Currency determined by the Calculation Agent (in its sole and absolute 
discretion), by converting the Relevant CNY Amount into the Equivalent Amount Settlement 
Currency at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price for the relevant Affected Payment Date or 
the relevant CNY Payment Disruption Cut-off Date, as the case may be; 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency" means the currency specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price" means, in respect of any relevant day, the spot rate of 
exchange between CNY and the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency, appearing on the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source at the Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation 
Time on such day (expressed as a number of units (or part units) of CNY for which one unit of 
the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency can be exchanged), or if such rate is not available, 
the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to four decimal places (with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards)) as determined by the Calculation Agent of the bid and offer exchange rates for the 
conversion of CNY into the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency provided by two or more 
leading dealers on a foreign exchange market (as selected by the Calculation Agent) at the 
Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time on such day. If less than two leading dealers 
provide the Calculation Agent with bid and offer exchange rates for the conversion of CNY into

--- Page 178 ---
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
178 
 
 
the Equivalent Amount Settlement Currency on such day, the Calculation Agent shall determine 
the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price in its discretion; 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Price Source" means the price source specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Equivalent Amount Settlement Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, the time at which the Equivalent Amount 
Settlement Price Source publishes the Equivalent Amount Settlement Price; 
"impossible" or "impossibility" in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event, shall include 
(but shall not be limited to) any act which, if done or performed by the Issuer (or any affiliate 
of the Issuer) would be or would result in the breach of any applicable law, rule, or regulation; 
and 
"impractical" or "impracticality" means, in relation to a CNY Payment Disruption Event and 
in respect of any action to be taken by the Issuer, that the Issuer (or any of its affiliates) would 
incur a materially increased amount of taxes, duties, expenses or fees (as compared with 
circumstances existing on the Trade Date) to perform such action. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments in respect of Certificates denominated and payable in CNY 
will be made solely by the transfer to a CNY bank account maintained in the CNY Settlement Centre(s) 
in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. 
33. 
PRESCRIPTION (CERTIFICATES) 
Claims against the Issuer or the Guarantor, if any, for payment of principal in respect of the Certificates 
shall become void unless made within 60 months from the Redemption Date and no claims shall be made 
after such date.

--- Page 179 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
179 
 
 
ANNEX 1 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
The following terms and conditions (the "Payout Conditions"), subject to completion in the applicable Final 
Terms, relate to the payouts in respect of the W&C Securities.  In particular, certain sections of the Payout 
Conditions will be set out and completed in the applicable Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between 
the terms and conditions of the W&C Securities (the "Conditions") and the Payout Conditions, the Payout 
Conditions shall prevail. The descriptions of the payouts and/or related provisions included in italics below do not 
form part of the Payout Conditions, are included for information purposes only and are subject to the detailed 
terms of the relevant payout. 
1. 
FINAL PAYOUTS 
The following final payouts which when pro rated amongst each W&C Security the subject of the 
relevant redemption or exercise (each a "Final Payout") will apply to the W&C Securities if specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Listed Securities Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Listed Securities 
Final Payout: 




K
MAX
F 


B
C
1
,0
 
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the excess (if any), of the value of 
F
B  
(multiplied by the difference between 1 and Charges) on the Final Valuation Date of the Final 
Valuation Period above the Strike. 
(b) 
Short Certificates Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Short Certificates 
Final Payout: 






















360
Act
Repo
Spread
Rate
Interest 
1
B
B
C
1
B
,0
T
0,
0
F
0
 - 
MAX
 
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the sum of  
(a) the value of 
0
B  multiplied by the sum of: 
(i) 1; and  
(ii) the product of (x) the Interest Rate plus the Spread minus the Repo and (y) the 
number of actual days from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the Final 
Valuation Date divided by 360; and 
(b) the difference (if any), of the value of 
0
B  and 
F
B  (multiplied by the sum of 1 and Charges) 
on the Final Valuation Date of the Final Valuation Period.

--- Page 180 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
180 
 
 
(c) 
Out-Performance Certificates Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Out-Performance 
Certificates Final Payout: 











0
F
T
Act
B
360
)
,0
(
OB
B
C
1
0,
MAX
 
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the sum of the value of (a) 
F
B  (multiplied 
by the difference between 1 and Charges) and (b) the value of 
 
0
B
 multiplied by the 
Outperformance Bonus multiplied by the actual number of days from (and including) the Trade 
Date to (but excluding) the Final Valuation Date divided by 360. 
(d) 
Turbo Certificates Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Turbo Certificates 
Final Payout: 
























360
Spread
Rate
Interest 
1
B
B
1
B
B
,0
T
0,
0
0
F
0
Act
L
C
L
MAX
 
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the difference between: 
(a) the sum of (i) the value of 
 
0
B  and (ii) L multiplied by the difference (if any), of the value of 
F
B   (multiplied by the difference between 1 and Charges) and 
 
0
B  on the Final Valuation Date 
and; 
(b) the product of (i) value of 
 
0
B ; (ii) the value of L minus 1; (iii) the sum of the Interest Rate 
and the Spread; and (iv) the actual number of days from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Final Valuation Date divided by 360. 
(e) 
Short Turbo Certificates Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Short Turbo 
Certificates Final Payout: 









 
360
Spread
Rate
Interest 
B
360
Repo
B
B
1
B
B
,0

















T
0,
T
0,
0
0
0
F
0
Act
Act
L
C
L
MAX
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the sum of:  
(a) the value of 
 
0
B ; 
(b) L multiplied by the difference (if any), of the value of 
F
B  (multiplied by the sum of 1 and 
Charges) and 
 
0
B  on the Final Valuation Date of the Final Valuation Period;

--- Page 181 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
181 
 
 
(c) L multiplied by the value of 
 
0
B
 multiplied by the value of the Repo multiplied by the actual 
number of days from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the Final Valuation Date 
divided by 360; and 
(d) the value of 
 
0
B  multiplied by the product of (i) the sum of the Interest Rate and the Spread; 
and (ii) the actual number of days from (and including) the Trade Date to (but excluding) the 
Final Valuation Date divided by 360. 
(f) 
Listed Securities on Single Underlying Final Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Listed Securities on 
Single Underlying Final Payout: 


 
C
 
 1
,0













K
FX
Max
j
F
j
F
S
 
Description of the Final Payout: 
The Final Payout will equal the greater of zero and the excess (if any), of the value of 𝑆𝐹
𝑗 
(multiplied by the difference between 1 and Charges and divided by 𝐹𝑋𝐹
𝑗) on the Final Valuation 
Date of the Final Valuation Period above the Strike. 
2. 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION PAYOUTS 
If Automatic Early Redemption is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and an Automatic 
Early Redemption Event occurs, the following Automatic Early Redemption payouts (each an 
"Automatic Early Redemption Payout") shall apply to the W&C Securities if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
Short Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Short Certificates 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 






















360
0,
Act
Date
Valuation 
  
Repo
Spread
Rate
Interest 
1
B
B
C
1
B
,0
AER
 - 
MAX
0
AER
0
 
(b) 
Out-Performance Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Out-Performance 
Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 





















0
OB
B
C
MAX
AER
AER
AER
B
360
T
,
Act
Fee
Break 
360
0,
Act
1
,0
Date
Valuation 
   
Date
Valuation 
  
 
(c) 
Turbo Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Turbo Certificates 
Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 
























360
0,
Act
Spread
Rate
Interest 
1
L
B
B
C
1
B
L
B
0,
MAX
Date
Valuation 
  
AER
AER
0
0
0

--- Page 182 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
182 
 
 
(d) 
Short Turbo Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout 
If the W&C Securities are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being Short Turbo 
Certificates Automatic Early Redemption Payout: 



































360
Date
Valuation 
 ]
[,
0
Spread
Rate
Interest 
B
360
Date
Valuation 
 ]
[,
0
Repo
B
B
1
B
B
,
0
M
AER
Act
AER
Act
L
C
L
AX
AER
0
0
0
0
 
3. 
FORMULA CONSTITUENT MEANINGS AND DEFINITIONS FOR FINAL PAYOUTS AND 
AUTOMATIC EARLY REDEMPTION PAYOUTS 
(a) 
Formula Constituent Meanings 


n
j 1
 
 means the sum of the amounts determined in respect of each Underlying Reference j 
comprising the Basket of Underlying References; 
Act(O,T) means the actual number of days from (and including) the Trade Date to (but 
excluding) the Final Valuation Date; 
Act(O,AER Valuation Date) means the actual number of days from (and including) the Trade 
Date to (but excluding) the AER Valuation Date; 
Act(AER Valuation Date,T) means the actual number of days from (and including) the AER 
Valuation Date to (but excluding) the Final Valuation Date; 
0
B  means an amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 




n
j
j
j
j
FX
S
w
1
0
0
; 
F
B  means an amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 




n
j
j
F
j
F
j
FX
TR
S
w
1
_
; 
 
tB  means an amount determined in accordance with the following formula: 




n
j
j
t
j
t
j
FX
TR
S
w
1
_
 
; 
AER
B
 means an amount determined in accordance with the following formula:




n
j
j
AER
j
AER
j
FX
TR
S
w
1
_
 
; 
Break Fee means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 183 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
183 
 
 
C means Charges; 
j
Div%  means: 
(i) 
where the Underlying Reference j is a Share, the Percentage of Dividends Reinvested 
in respect of the Share; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, zero; 
 
X j
0
F
 means in respect of Underlying Reference j, the actually executed rate of exchange for 
conversion of any amount of Underlying Reference j into the Settlement Currency on the Trade 
Date; 
j
F
X
F
 means in respect of Underlying Reference j, the actually executed rate of exchange for 
conversion of any amount of Underlying Reference j into the Settlement Currency during the 
Final Valuation Period; 
j
t
X
F
 means in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Exchange Rate (as specified in the Final 
Terms) for conversion of any amount of Underlying Reference j into the Settlement Currency 
on a Scheduled Trading Day; 
j
AER
X
F
 means in respect of Underlying Reference j, the actually executed rate of exchange for 
conversion of any amount of Underlying Reference j into the Settlement Currency during the 
AER Valuation Period; 
j
AER
Dividend
 
Gross
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j: 
(i) 
where the Underlying Reference j is a Share, the sum of the Cash Dividends per 
Underlying Reference j in respect of the Share Company for which the Share has gone 
ex-dividend during the period from (and excluding) the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the AER Valuation Date to (and including) the AER Valuation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, zero; 
j
F
Dividend
 
Gross
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j: 
(i) 
where the Underlying Reference j is a Share, the sum of the Cash Dividends per 
Underlying Reference j in respect of the Share Company for which the Share has gone 
ex-dividend during the period from (and excluding) the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Final Valuation Date to (and including) the Final Valuation 
Date; or 
(ii) 
in any other case, zero; 
j
t
Dividend
 
Gross
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j: 
(i) 
where the Underlying Reference j is a Share, the sum of the Cash Dividends per 
Underlying Reference j in respect of the Share Company for which the Share has gone 
ex-dividend during the period from (and excluding) a Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the relevant Scheduled Trading Day to (and including) the 
relevant Scheduled Trading Day; or

--- Page 184 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
184 
 
 
(ii) 
in any other case, zero; 
K means Strike; 
L means Leverage; 
OB means Outperformance Bonus; 
 
j
0
S
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Initial Underlying Reference j Price; 
j
AER
S
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Underlying Reference j Price (AER) 
as determined on the Final Valuation Date in the AER Valuation Period;  
j
F
S
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Underlying Reference j Price (Final) as 
determined on the Final Valuation Date in the Final Valuation Period; 
j
t
S
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Underlying Reference j Price on the 
Scheduled Trading Day t; 
j
t
S
1
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Underlying Reference j Price on the 
Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Scheduled Trading Day t. 
 
j
AER
S_TR
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, an amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 












j
t
j
AER
j
j
AER
j
t
j
AER
S
end
GrossDivid
Div
S
TR
S
TR
S
1
1
%
_
_
 
j
F
S_TR
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, an amount determined in accordance 
with the following formula: 














j
t
j
F
j
j
F
j
t
j
F
S
end
GrossDivid
Div
S
TR
S
TR
S
1
1
%
_
_
 
j
t
S_TR  means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, an amount determined in accordance with 
the following formula on a Scheduled Trading Day t: 












j
t
j
t
j
j
t
j
t
S
Div
S
TR
S
1
1
Dividend
 
Gross
%
_
, where 
j
-1
t
S_TR
 means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the value of 
j
t
S_TR  for such Underlying 
Reference j on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding such Scheduled Trading Day 
t; 
(b) 
Definitions 
"AER Valuation Date" or "Automatic Early Redemption Valuation Date" means the date 
on which the Automatic Early Redemption Event occurs; 
"AER Valuation Period" means the period from and including the AER Valuation Date to and 
including:

--- Page 185 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
185 
 
 
(i) 
the day on which the Issuer sells or otherwise realises the Underlying Reference j or 
unwinds any relevant hedging arrangements held directly or indirectly to hedge the 
Issuer's obligation in respect of the relevant W&C Securities; or  
(ii) 
 if Averaging is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the final AER Averaging Date 
specified in the Final Terms. 
"Charges" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Costs" means any costs, expenses, duties, taxes, levies, registration fees or other charges of 
whatever nature, whether levied or assessed retrospectively or otherwise, which are incurred, 
sustained or would become payable by the Issuer, any Affiliates and/or any hedge provider as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, by reference to such factors as the Calculation Agent shall deem relevant, as a result 
of, or in connection with, the realisation or disposal of any Underlying Reference j or any other 
security or securities or instrument(s) held by the Issuer, its Affiliate and/or any other hedge 
provider in connection with any relevant hedging arrangements in connection with the relevant 
W&C Securities; 
"Final Valuation Date" means (a) the final Averaging Date, if Averaging is specified as 
applicable or (b) the final day in the Final Valuation Period or AER Valuation Period, as the 
case may be; 
"Final Valuation Period" means the period from and including the Valuation Date to and 
including: 
(i) 
the day on which the Issuer sells or otherwise realises the Underlying Reference j or 
unwinds any relevant hedging arrangements held directly or indirectly to hedge the 
Issuer's obligation in respect of the relevant W&C Securities; or 
(ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the final Averaging Date 
specified in the Final Terms.  
"Interest Rate" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Initial Underlying Reference j Price" means, in respect of an Underlying Reference j, the 
Calculation Agent's good faith determination of the arithmetic average price per Underlying 
Reference j (net of any Costs) which the Issuer, any Affiliate and/or any hedge provider obtains 
in purchasing or otherwise executing an acquisition of the Underlying Reference j or, entering 
into or establishing any relevant hedging arrangements held directly or indirectly to hedge the 
Issuer's obligation in respect of the relevant W&C Securities for each day or, if Averaging is 
specified as applicable, each Initial Averaging Date during the Initial Valuation Period; 
"Initial Valuation Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and 
including: 
(i) 
the day on which the Issuer purchases or otherwise executes an acquisition of the 
Underlying Reference j or, enters into or establishes any relevant hedging 
arrangements held directly or indirectly to hedge the Issuer's obligation in respect of 
the relevant W&C Securities; or 
(ii) 
if Averaging is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the final Initial Averaging Date 
specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 186 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR PAYOUTS 
 
186 
 
 
"Leverage" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Outperformance Bonus" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"Percentage of Dividends Reinvested" means the percentage specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
"Repo" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Spread" means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Strike" means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the Strike Price specified as such in 
respect of Underlying Reference j in the applicable Final Terms; 
"t" means any day that is a Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Trade Date" means the Trade Date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Underlying Reference j Price" means, in respect of Scheduled Trading Day t: 
(a) 
if the Underlying Reference j is an Index, the Closing Level; 
(b) 
if the Underlying Reference j is a Share, the Closing Price; 
(c) 
if the Underlying Reference j is an ETI, the Closing Price;  
(d) 
if the Underlying Reference j is a Debt Security, the Closing Price; or 
(e) 
if the Underlying Reference j is a Fund Security, the Closing Price, 
in each case in respect of such day; "Underlying Reference j Price (AER)" means the 
Calculation Agent's good faith determination of the arithmetic average price per Underlying 
Reference j (net of any Costs) which the Issuer, any Affiliate and/or any hedge provider obtains 
in selling or otherwise realising the Underlying Reference j or unwinding any relevant hedging 
arrangements held directly or indirectly to hedge the Issuer's obligation in respect of the relevant 
W&C Securities for each day or, if Averaging is specified as applicable, each AER Averaging 
Date during the AER Valuation Period; 
"Underlying Reference j Price (Final)" means the Calculation Agent's good faith 
determination (in making such determination, the Calculation Agent may consider sales or 
realisations on a volume weighted average price, time weighted average price, best efforts or 
closing price basis) of the arithmetic average price per Underlying Reference j (net of any Costs) 
which the Issuer, any Affiliate and/or any hedge provider obtains in selling or otherwise 
realising the Underlying Reference j or unwinding any relevant hedging arrangements held 
directly or indirectly to hedge the Issuer's obligation in respect of the relevant W&C Securities 
for each day or, if Averaging is specified as applicable, each Averaging Date during the Final 
Valuation Period; and 
"
j
w " means, in respect of Underlying Reference j, the number of units for Underlying 
Reference j.

--- Page 187 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
187 
 
 
ANNEX 2 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Index Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Index Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Conditions and (ii) the Index Security Conditions, the Index Security provisions shall prevail.   
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket of Indices" means a basket composed of each Index specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
the weightings specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant securities; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Level" means, in respect of an Index and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing level 
of such Index on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index Security 
Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Component Security" means, in respect of a Composite Index, each component security of such Index; 
"Composite Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Disrupted Day" means: 
(a) 
in respect of any Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) the Index Sponsor 
fails to publish the level of such Index, (ii) the Related Exchange fails to open for trading during 
its regular trading session, or (iii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; and 
(b) 
in respect of an Index that is not a Composite Index, any Scheduled Trading Day on which 
(i) the relevant Exchange and/or any Related Exchange fails to open for trading during its 
regular trading session or (ii) a Market Disruption Event has occurred; 
"Early Closure" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the Exchange in 
respect of any Component Security or the Related Exchange prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing is announced by such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case 
may be) at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading 
session on such Exchange or Related Exchange (as the case may be) on such Exchange Business 
Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or Related 
Exchange system for execution at the relevant Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
and

--- Page 188 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
188 
 
 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, the closure on any Exchange Business 
Day of any relevant Exchange(s) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the 
level of the relevant Index or any Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time 
unless such earlier closing time is announced by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), 
as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the 
regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s) on such Exchange 
Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the Exchange or 
Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange Business Day; 
"Exchange" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Composite Index, in respect of each Component Security, the principal stock 
exchange on which such Component Security is principally traded, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of any Index which is not a Composite Index, in respect of such Index, each exchange 
or quotation system specified as such for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any 
successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute exchange or quotation system 
to which trading in the securities comprising such Index has temporarily relocated (provided 
that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the 
securities comprising such Index on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as 
on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(All Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Indices Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
their Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Indices; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Indices is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to 
its Scheduled Closing Time;

--- Page 189 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
189 
 
 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to its 
Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single Index Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any,  in respect of such Index are open for trading during their regular 
trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor publishes the level of such Composite Index; and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is open for trading during its regular trading session, 
in each case, notwithstanding such Exchange(s) or Related Exchange(s) closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time;  
"Exchange Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs 
(as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for (i) any Component Security on the Exchange in

--- Page 190 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
190 
 
 
respect of such Component Security or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index 
on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any event (other than an Early Closure) 
that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market 
participants in general (i) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, on any relevant 
Exchange(s) in securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level of the relevant Index, 
or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts relating 
to the relevant Index on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Index" and "Indices" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 2, the index or indices 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and related expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Index Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Index, the corporation or other entity that (a) is responsible for 
setting and reviewing the rules and procedures and the methods of calculation and adjustments, if any, 
related to such Index and (b) announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Index on a regular 
basis during each Scheduled Trading Day, which as of the Issue Date is the index sponsor specified for 
such Index in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Intraday Level" means, in respect of an Index and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the level of 
such Index at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Index 
Security Condition 3 (Adjustments to an Index); 
"Multi-Exchange Index" means any Index specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, any Index which the Calculation Agent determines to be such an Index; 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to an Index, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Index in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Index on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Index; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Index, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Index Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Indices, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis) or 
(ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (All 
Indices Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Indices Basis)" means any day on which:  
(a) 
in respect of any Indices other than Composite Indices, each Exchange and each Related 
Exchange, if any, in respect of such Indices are scheduled to be open for trading during their 
respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of any Composite Indices: 
(i) 
the Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Indices; and

--- Page 191 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
191 
 
 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; 
or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Indices is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session;  
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Index Basis)" means, in respect of an Index, any day on which:  
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; 
and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session;  
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Index Basis)" means any day on which: 
(a) 
in respect of an Index other than a Composite Index, the relevant Exchange and the relevant 
Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Index are scheduled to be open for trading during 
their respective regular trading session(s); or 
(b) 
in respect of a Composite Index: 
(i) 
the relevant Index Sponsor is scheduled to publish the level of such Composite Index; 
and 
(ii) 
either: 
(A) 
unless Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, each Related Exchange in respect of such Composite 
Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular trading session; or 
(B) 
if Exchange/Related Exchange is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms, each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, in respect of

--- Page 192 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
192 
 
 
such Composite Index is scheduled to be open for trading during its regular 
trading session; 
"Settlement Cycle" means, in respect of an Index, the period of Clearance System Days following a 
trade in the security comprising such Index on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur 
according to the rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
W&C Security or, in the case of Warrants, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, 
as the case may be, subject to the provisions of this Annex 2 and as referred to in "Strike Date", 
"Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", as the case may be, any underlying reference 
price required to be calculated in order to determine the Final Payout or Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout, as the case may be, or if applicable: 
(a) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a Basket of Indices and in respect of each Index 
comprising the Basket of Indices, an amount (which shall be deemed to be a monetary value on 
the same basis as the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) or in the Index Currency (in the 
case of Certificates)) equal to the official closing level for such Index as determined by the 
Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level of such Index 
determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the Valuation 
Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date 
and, in either case, multiplied by the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Index Securities relating to a single Index, an amount (which shall be deemed to 
be a monetary value on the same basis as the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) or in the 
Index Currency (in the case of Certificates)) equal to the official closing level of the Index as 
determined by the Calculation Agent or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the level 
of the Index determined by the Calculation Agent as set out in the applicable Final Terms at the 
Valuation Time on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant 
Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be; and 
"Trading Disruption" means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the 
relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in 
price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise: 
(i) relating to any Component Security on the Exchange in respect of such Component Security; 
or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to such Index on the Related Exchange; and 
(b) 
in the case of an Index which is not a Composite Index, any suspension of or limitation imposed 
on trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason 
of movements in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or Related 
Exchange or otherwise: (i) relating to securities that comprise 20 per cent. or more of the level 
of the relevant Index; or (ii) in futures or options contracts relating to the relevant Index on any 
relevant Related Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means:

--- Page 193 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
193 
 
 
(a) 
in respect of a Composite Index either: 
(i) 
(A) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of any Component Security, of: 
(1) 
a Trading Disruption in respect of such Component Security, which 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the 
one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time in respect 
of the Exchange on which such Component Security is principally 
traded; 
(2) 
an Exchange Disruption in respect of such Component Security, 
which the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one-hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time 
in respect of the Exchange on which such Component Security is 
principally traded; or 
(3) 
an Early Closure in respect of such Component Security; and 
(B) 
the aggregate of all Component Securities in respect of which a Trading 
Disruption, an Exchange Disruption or an Early Closure occurs or exists 
comprises 20 per cent. or more of the level of such Index; or 
(ii) 
the occurrence or existence, in respect of futures or options contracts relating to such 
Index, of: (A) a Trading Disruption; (B) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case 
the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one-hour period 
that ends at the Valuation Time in respect of the Related Exchange; or (C) an Early 
Closure, in each case in respect of such futures or options contracts. 
For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event exists in respect of a 
Component Security at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of such 
Component Security at that time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that Component 
Security to the level of such Index shall be based on a comparison of (x) the portion of the level 
of such Index attributable to that Component Security to (y) the overall level of such Index, in 
each case using the official opening weightings as published by the Index Sponsor as part of the 
market "opening data"; and 
(b) 
in the case of Indices other than Composite Indices, the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading 
Disruption, (ii) an Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines 
is material, at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or 
(iii) an Early Closure.  For the purposes of determining whether a Market Disruption Event in 
respect of such Index exists at any time, if a Market Disruption Event occurs in respect of a 
security included in such Index at any time, then the relevant percentage contribution of that 
security to the level of the Index shall be based on a comparison of (A) the portion of the level 
of such Index attributable to that security and (B) the overall level of such Index, in each case 
immediately before the occurrence of such Market Disruption Event. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be.

--- Page 194 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
194 
 
 
3. 
Adjustments to an Index 
3.1 
Successor Index Sponsor Calculates and Reports an Index 
If a relevant Index is (a) not calculated and announced by the Index Sponsor but is calculated and 
announced by a successor sponsor (the "Successor Index Sponsor") acceptable to the Calculation Agent, 
or (b) replaced by a successor index using, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the same or a 
substantially similar formula for and method of calculation as used in the calculation of that Index, then 
in each case that index (the "Successor Index") will be deemed to be the Index. 
3.2 
Modification and Cessation of Calculation of an Index 
If (a) on or prior to the last Averaging Date, the last Observation Date or the last Valuation Date, the 
relevant Index Sponsor makes or announces that it will make a material change in the formula for or the 
method of calculating a relevant Index or in any other way materially modifies that Index (other than a 
modification prescribed in that formula or method to maintain that Index in the event of changes in 
constituent stock and capitalisation and other routine events) (an "Index Modification"), or permanently 
cancels a relevant Index and no Successor Index exists (an "Index Cancellation"), or (b) on an 
Averaging Date, an Observation Date or a Valuation Date, the Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the 
Successor Index Sponsor fails to calculate and announce a relevant Index (an "Index Disruption" and, 
together with an Index Modification and an Index Cancellation, each an "Index Adjustment Event"), 
then, except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities: 
(a) 
the Calculation Agent shall determine if such Index Adjustment Event has a material effect on 
the W&C Securities and, if so, shall calculate the relevant Settlement Price using, in lieu of a 
published level for that Index, the level for that Index as at the Valuation Time on that Valuation 
Date, that Observation Date or that Averaging Date, as the case may be, as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the formula for and method of calculating that Index last 
in effect prior to the change, failure or cancellation, but using only those securities that 
comprised that Index immediately prior to that Index Adjustment Event; or 
(b) 
in the case of Warrants, the Issuer may cancel the Warrants by giving notice to Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10.  If the Warrants are so cancelled, the Issuer will pay an amount 
to each Holder in respect of each Warrant, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each Unit being cancelled at an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or a Unit, as 
the case may be, taking into account the Index Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer 
and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; or 
(c) 
in the case of Certificates, the Issuer may redeem the W&C Securities by giving notice to 
Holders in accordance with Condition 10.  If the W&C Securities are so redeemed the Issuer 
will pay an amount to each Holder in respect of each W&C Security being redeemed at an 
amount equal to the fair market value of such W&C Security taking into account the Index 
Adjustment Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying 
related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10. 
3.3 
Notice 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable, notify the relevant Security Agent or the Registrar, 
as the case may be, of any determination made by it pursuant to paragraph 3.2 above and the action

--- Page 195 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INDEX SECURITIES 
 
195 
 
 
proposed to be taken in relation thereto and such Security Agent or the Registrar, as the case may be, 
shall make available for inspection by Holders copies of any such determinations. 
4. 
Correction of Index 
If the level of the Index published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to 
make any determination under the W&C Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by the relevant Index Sponsor or (if applicable) the relevant Successor Index Sponsor, (a) in 
respect of a Composite Index, no later than five Exchange Business Days following the date of the 
original publication, or (b) in respect of an Index which is not a Composite Index, within the number of 
days equal to the Index Correction Period of the original publication, the level to be used shall be the 
level of the Index as so corrected, except that any corrections published after the day which is three 
Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the W&C Securities calculated by 
reference to the level of the Index will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of 
determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 196 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
196 
 
 
ANNEX 3 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Share Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below ("Share Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Conditions and (ii) the Share Security Conditions, the Share Security Conditions shall prevail.   
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Company" means each company specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and "Basket 
Companies" means all such companies; 
"Basket of Shares" means (a) a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in the weightings or numbers of Shares of each Basket Company specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or (b) a Relative Performance Basket;  
"China Connect Disruption" means (a) any suspension of or limitation imposed on routing of orders 
(whether in respect of buy orders only, sell orders only or both buy and sell orders) through the China 
Connect Service, relating to the Share(s) on any relevant China Connect Exchange or (b) any event (other 
than a China Connect Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as determined by the Calculation Agent) 
the ability of the market participants in general to enter orders in respect of the Share(s) through the 
China Connect Service;  
"China Connect Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the China 
Connect Service prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced by 
SEHK or any relevant China Connect Exchange, as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the earlier 
of (a) the actual closing time for routing orders through the China Connect Service on such Exchange 
Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered into the China Connect Service 
system for execution on any relevant China Connect Exchange at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day;  
"China Connect Exchange" means each of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock 
Exchange and any other exchange in mainland China eligible for providing the China Connect Service 
from time to time;  
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant Share; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of a Share and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price of 
such Share on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in Share Security 
Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary Events) (as 
amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms);

--- Page 197 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
197 
 
 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (i) a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session, (ii) a Market Disruption Event has 
occurred or (iii) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service fails to open for routing orders during its regular order routing session; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (a) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (b) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day; 
"Exchange" means, in respect of a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such for such 
Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any substitute 
exchange or quotation system to which trading in the Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the 
Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to such Share on such 
temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Exchange Business Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis) or 
(ii) Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Exchange Business Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which (a) each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in 
respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time 
and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China Connect 
Service is open for routing orders in respect of all Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares and traded 
and cleared through the China Connect Service during its regular order routing sessions, notwithstanding 
the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, any Scheduled Trading Day 
on which (a) the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of such Share 
are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (b) if "China 
Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Share, the China 
Connect Service is open for routing orders in respect of such Share during its regular order routing 
sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior to its Scheduled Closing Time;  
"Exchange Business Day (Single Share Basis)" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which (a) the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading during their respective 
regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange 
closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time and (b) the China Connect Service is open for routing 
orders during its regular order routing sessions, notwithstanding the China Connect Service closing prior 
to its Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (a) to effect 
transactions in, or obtain market values for, the Share(s) on the Exchange or (b) to effect transactions in, 
or obtain market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the Share(s) on any relevant 
Related Exchange;

--- Page 198 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
198 
 
 
"Extraordinary Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Event, the date on which 
such Extraordinary Event occurs, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of a Share and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price of such Share at such time on such day as determined by the Calculation Agent, subject 
as provided in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) and Share Security Condition 
4 (Extraordinary Events) (as amended where "GDR/ADR" or "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms); 
"Related Exchange" means, in relation to a Share, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for such Share in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system or any 
substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts relating to such 
Share has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is 
comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such Share on such temporary 
substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related Exchange), provided that where "All 
Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable Final Terms, "Related Exchange" 
shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a material effect (as determined by the 
Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options contracts relating to such Share; 
"Relative Performance Basket" means a basket composed of Shares of each Basket Company specified 
in the applicable Final Terms where no weighting shall be applicable and where the Cash Settlement 
Amount shall be determined by reference to the Share which is either (a) the best performing, or (b) the 
worst performing, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single Share, Scheduled Trading Day (Single 
Share Basis) or (b) in the case of a Basket of Shares, (i) Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis) or (ii) 
Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis), in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day 
(Per Share Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All Shares Basis)" means, in respect of a Basket of Shares, (a) any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of all 
Shares comprised in the Basket of Shares during their respective regular trading session(s) and (b) if 
"China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China Connect Service is 
scheduled to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per Share Basis)" means, in respect of a Share, (a) any day on which the 
relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such Share are scheduled to be open 
for trading during their respective regular trading session(s) and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of such Share, the China Connect Service is scheduled 
to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single Share Basis)" means (a) any day on which the relevant Exchange and 
the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading 
session(s) and (b) if "China Connect" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the China 
Connect Service is scheduled to be open for routing orders for its regular order routing sessions; 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of a Share, the period of Clearance System Days following a trade 
in the Share on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the rules of such 
Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, in relation to each W&C Security, or, in the case of Warrants, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, subject to the provisions of this

--- Page 199 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
199 
 
 
Annex 3 and as referred to in "Strike Date", "Averaging Date", "Observation Date" or "Valuation Date", 
as the case may be, any underlying reference price required to be calculated in order to determine the 
Final Payout or Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as the case may be, or if applicable: 
(a) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares and in respect of each Share 
comprising the Basket, an amount equal to the official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such Share on (i) 
if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Settlement Price Date 
or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if in the 
opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation 
Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the relevant Settlement 
Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined 
by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying 
price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time 
on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) for such Share whose official closing price (or the price at the 
Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may 
be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be determined based, at the Calculation 
Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle market 
quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) engaged in the trading of such Share or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent 
shall decide), multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, all as 
determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a single Share, an amount equal to the official closing 
price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such Share on (i) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or (ii) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined 
and the relevant Settlement Price Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted 
Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the 
closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the 
relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair market selling 
price at the Valuation Time on the relevant Settlement Price Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for the Share based, at the 
Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the foregoing prices or middle 
market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions (as selected by the 
Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of the Share or on such other factors as the 
Calculation Agent shall decide), such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to 
be the Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
"Settlement Price Date" means the Strike Date, an Observation Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be;

--- Page 200 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
200 
 
 
"Shares" and "Share" mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with this Annex 3, in the case of an 
issue of W&C Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, each share and, in the case of an issue of W&C 
Securities relating to a single Share, the share, specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly; 
"Share Company" means, in the case of an issue of W&C Securities relating to a single Share, the 
company that has issued such Share; 
"Share Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if none 
is so specified, one Settlement Cycle;  
"Stapled Shares" mean the two or more shares that are attached to each other, such that:  
(a) 
each such share may not be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased or otherwise dealt with as 
an individual share and may only be dealt with as a single unit of such attached shares; 
(b) 
such attached shares are issued with a single ISIN; and 
(c) 
where applicable, such attached shares are listed and admitted to trading as a single unit,  
each constituent share comprising the Stapled Shares being a "Stapled Share Constituent"; and 
"Trading Disruption" means any suspension of or limitation imposed on trading by the relevant 
Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements in price exceeding 
limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (a) relating to the Share 
on the Exchange; or (b) in futures or options contracts relating to the Share on any relevant Related 
Exchange. 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to W&C Securities relating to a single Share or a Basket 
of Shares, in respect of a Share, the occurrence or existence of (a) a Trading Disruption, (b) an Exchange 
Disruption, which in each case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time during the one 
hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, (c) an Early Closure or (d) if "China Connect" is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (i) a China Connect Disruption which the 
Calculation Agent determines is material at any time during the one hour period that ends at the relevant 
Valuation Time or (ii) a China Connect Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been the Strike Date, an Averaging Date, an Observation Date, the Automatic Early 
Redemption Valuation Date or a Valuation Date as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
a subdivision, consolidation or reclassification of the relevant Shares (unless resulting in a 
Merger Event) or a free distribution or dividend of any such Shares to existing holders by way 
of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue; 
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Shares of (i) such Shares or 
(ii) other share capital or securities granting the right to payment of dividends and/or the 
proceeds of liquidation of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, equally

--- Page 201 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
201 
 
 
or proportionately with such payments to holders of such Shares or (iii) share capital or other 
securities of another issuer acquired or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, as a result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or 
(iv) any other type of securities, rights or warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (in 
cash or in other consideration) at less than the prevailing market price as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
a call by a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, in respect of relevant Shares 
that are not fully paid; 
(e) 
a repurchase by the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or Share Company or its subsidiaries, 
as the case may be, of relevant Shares whether out of profits or capital and whether the 
consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or otherwise; 
(f) 
in respect of a Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, an event that results in 
any shareholder rights being distributed or becoming separated from shares of common stock 
or other shares of the capital stock of such Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, pursuant to a shareholder rights plan or arrangement directed against hostile takeovers that 
provides upon the occurrence of certain events for a distribution of preferred stock, warrants, 
debt instruments or stock rights at a price below their market value as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, provided that any adjustment effected as a result of such an event shall be 
readjusted upon any redemption of such rights; or 
(g) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Shares. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, following the declaration by the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the Shares and, if so, will (a) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account 
for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant Share) and 
(b) determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The Calculation Agent may, but need not, determine 
the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential Adjustment Event 
made by an options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that options exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 stating the adjustment to 
the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential 
Adjustment Event and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date.

--- Page 202 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
202 
 
 
4. 
Extraordinary Events 
4.1 
The occurrence of any of De-Listing, Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation, Stapling, Tender Offer 
(unless Tender Offer is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms), or, if specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, Illiquidity, Listing Change, Listing Suspension, China Connect 
Share Disqualification or China Connect Service Termination, as the case may be, shall be an 
"Extraordinary Event", the consequences of which are set forth in Share Security Condition 4.2: 
"China Connect Share Disqualification" means, on or after the Trade Date, the Shares cease to be 
accepted as "China Connect Securities" (as defined in the rules of SEHK) for the purposes of the China 
Connect Service.  
"China Connect Service Termination" means, on or after the Trade Date, the announcement by any 
one or more of the China Connect Exchanges, SEHK, the CSDCC, HKSCC or any regulatory authority 
with competent jurisdiction of a suspension or termination of the China Connect Service or a part thereof 
for any reason which materially affects the routing of orders in respect of, or holding of, the Shares 
through the China Connect Service and the Calculation Agent determines that there is a reasonable 
likelihood that such suspension or termination is not, or will not be, temporary.  
"De-Listing" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, the Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules 
of such Exchange, such Shares cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the 
Exchange for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer) and are not immediately re-listed, 
re-traded or re-quoted on (a) where the Exchange is located in the United States, any of the New York 
Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their 
respective successors) or (b) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as 
the Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the European 
Union). 
"Illiquidity" means, in respect of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, that, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, during any period of five consecutive Scheduled Trading Days, 
notwithstanding the occurrence of a Disrupted Day, falling after the Issue Date (the "Relevant Period"), 
(a) the difference between the bid prices and the ask prices in respect of a Share during the Relevant 
Period is greater than 1 per cent. (based on an arithmetic mean average over the Relevant Period), and/or 
(b) the arithmetic mean average purchase price or the arithmetic mean average selling price, determined 
by the Calculation Agent from the order book of the relevant Share on the relevant Exchange during the 
Relevant Period, in relation to the purchase or sale of Shares with a value equal to or greater than EUR 
10,000.00, is greater than MID plus 1 per cent. (in relation to a purchase of Shares) or lower than the 
MID minus 1 per cent. (in relation to a sale of Shares).  For these purposes, "MID" means an amount 
equal to (i) the sum of the bid price and the ask price, in each case for the relevant Share at the relevant 
time, (ii) divided by two. 
"Insolvency" means that by reason of the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, 
dissolution or winding-up of or any analogous proceeding affecting the Basket Company or Share 
Company, as the case may be, (a) all the Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case 
may be, are required to be transferred to a trustee, liquidator or other similar official or (b) holders of the 
Shares of that Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, become legally prohibited from 
transferring them. 
"Listing Change" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that such Shares cease (or will cease) to be 
listed, traded or publicly quoted on the listing compartment or the relevant market of the Exchange on 
which such Shares were listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Issue Date of the relevant W&C 
Securities, for any reason (other than a Merger Event or Tender Offer).

--- Page 203 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
203 
 
 
"Listing Suspension" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, that the listing of such Shares on the 
Exchange has been suspended. 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares, any (a) reclassification or change of such 
Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding 
to another entity or person, (b) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange of a 
Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, with or into another entity or person (other than 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share exchange in which such Basket Company or 
Share Company, as the case may be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification 
or change of all of such Shares outstanding), (c) takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, 
proposal or other event by any entity or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the 
outstanding Shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, that results in a 
transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than such Shares owned or 
controlled by such other entity or person), or (d) consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share 
exchange of the Basket Company or its subsidiaries or the Share Company or its subsidiaries, as the case 
may be, with or into another entity in which the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may 
be, is the continuing entity and which does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares 
outstanding but results in the outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other 
entity) immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding 
Shares immediately following such event, in each case if the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date 
is on or before the last occurring Valuation Date or where Averaging is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the final Averaging Date in respect of the relevant W&C Security. 
"Nationalisation" means that all the Shares or all or substantially all the assets of the Basket Company 
or Share Company, as the case may be, are nationalised, expropriated or are otherwise transferred to any 
governmental agency, authority, entity or instrumentality thereof. 
"Stapling" means, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, a Share becomes a Stapled Share 
Constituent. 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares of the Basket Company or Share Company, as the case may be, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-
regulatory agencies or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant. 
4.2 
Consequences of the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event: 
If an Extraordinary Event occurs in relation to a Share, the Issuer may take the action described in (a), 
(b), (c) (in the case of Warrants), (d) (in the case of Certificates) or (e) (in each case, if applicable) or, in 
the case of W&C Securities relating to a Basket of Shares (f) below (except as may be limited in the case 
of U.S. Securities): 
(a) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment.  The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the Shares or to the W&C Securities.  The Calculation Agent may (but need not) 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of the relevant 
Extraordinary Event made by any options exchange to options on the Shares traded on that

--- Page 204 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
204 
 
 
options exchange.  In addition, in relation to a Basket of Shares, the Calculation Agent may 
adjust the Basket of Shares in accordance with the provisions of subparagraph (f) below; 
(b) 
in the case of Share Securities relating to a Basket of Shares, cancel (in the case of Warrants) or 
redeem (in the case of Certificates) in part by giving notice to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10.  If the W&C Securities are so cancelled or redeemed, as the case may be, in part 
the portion (the "Settled Amount") of each Security, or, in the case of Warrants, if Units are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as the case may be, representing the affected 
Share(s) shall be cancelled or redeemed, as the case may be, and the Issuer will: 
(i) 
pay to each Holder in respect of each W&C Security or Unit, as the case may be, held 
by him an amount equal to the fair market value of the Settled Amount taking into 
account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the Issuer and/or its Affiliates 
of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(ii) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the 
appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in 
the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these 
Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for such 
cancellation or redemption, as the case may be, in part. 
For the avoidance of doubt the remaining part of each W&C Security or Unit, as the case may 
be, after such cancellation or redemption, as the case may be, and adjustment shall remain 
outstanding with full force and effect.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be 
notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; 
(c) 
in the case of Warrants, on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10, cancel all 
but not some only of the Warrants, or if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, Units, 
as the case may be, by payment of an amount equal to the fair market value of a Warrant or 
Unit, as the case may be, taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less the cost to 
the Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, plus 
if already paid, the Exercise Price, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and 
absolute discretion.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10; 
(d) 
in the case of Certificates, on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10 redeem 
all but not some only of the W&C Securities at the amount equal to the fair market value of 
such W&C Security taking into account the relevant Extraordinary Event, less the cost to the 
Issuer and/or its Affiliates of unwinding any underlying related hedging arrangements, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion.  Payments will be made 
in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10; or 
(e) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the Shares traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options 
Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment 
will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of 
the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange.  If options on the Shares are not 
traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to 
any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any 
of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with reference to

--- Page 205 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
205 
 
 
the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the relevant 
Extraordinary Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would have given rise 
to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded; or 
(f) 
on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date, the Calculation Agent may adjust 
the Basket of Shares to include a Share selected by it in accordance with the criteria for Share 
selection set out below (each, a "Substitute Share") for each Share (each, an "Affected Share") 
of each Basket Company (each, an "Affected Basket Company") which is affected by such 
Extraordinary Event and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be a "Share" and the relevant 
issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the W&C Securities, and the 
Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price 
(in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion determines appropriate, provided that (i) in the case of Certificates, in the event that 
any amount payable under the W&C Securities was to be determined by reference to the Initial 
Price of the Affected Share, the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula, and (ii) in the case of Warrants, 
the Exercise Price will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following 
formula: 
 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the relevant Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is, in the case of Warrants, the Exercise Price, or, in the case of Certificates, the Initial Price 
of the relevant Affected Share; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the relevant Affected Share on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date or, in the case of a Stapling, the official closing price of the relevant Affected 
Share on the Scheduled Trading Day immediately preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective 
Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be 
effective as of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole 
and absolute discretion and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting 
of the relevant Affected Share. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following 
criteria, in the sole and absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and the 
relevant share is not already included in the Basket of Shares, the relevant share shall 
be an ordinary share of the entity or person (other than the Affected Basket Company) 
involved in the Merger Event or the making of the Tender Offer, that is, or that as of 
the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (A) 
publicly quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the 
same country as the relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the 
(B/C)
A
 Warrants)
of
 
case
 
(in the
 
Price
 
se
es)/Exerci
Certificat
 
of
 
case
 
(in the
 
Price
 
Initial



--- Page 206 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
206 
 
 
European Union, in any member state of the European Union ) and (B) not subject to 
any currency exchange controls, trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
where the relevant Extraordinary Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such share 
is already included in the Basket of Shares, or in the case of an Extraordinary Event 
other than a Merger Event or a Tender Offer: 
(A) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as 
the Affected Basket Company; and 
(B) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, 
international standing and exposure as the Affected Basket Company. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Stapling, the Affected Share may be 
substituted with the Stapled Shares and the provisions of Share Security Condition 13 
shall apply in respect of such Stapled Shares. 
Upon the occurrence of an Extraordinary Event, if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
adjustment in accordance with the above provisions is necessary it shall notify the Issuer thereof 
as soon as practicable, and the Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in 
accordance with Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the Extraordinary Event, giving details 
thereof and the action proposed to be taken in relation thereto including, in the case of a Share 
Substitution, the identity of the Substitute Shares and the Substitution Date. 
5. 
Correction of Share Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the W&C Securities, if the price of the relevant 
Share published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the W&C Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant Exchange within the number of days equal to the Share Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant Share as so corrected.  Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery 
under the W&C Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount. 
6. 
Dividend Payment 
If "Dividend Payment" is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the following 
provisions shall apply to the W&C Securities: 
(a) 
In the event that on or after the Issue Date a Cash Dividend is paid by the Share Company or 
Basket Company, as the case may be, notwithstanding any provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions to the contrary, the Calculation Agent shall calculate (i) the relevant Distributed 
Amount and (ii) the relevant Dividend Date. 
(b) 
As soon as practicable following the Dividend Date, the Issuer shall give notice (a "Cash 
Dividend Notice") to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 of the Cash Dividend and 
the relevant Cash Dividend Payment Date and the Issuer, or failing which the Guarantor, if 
applicable, shall pay to each Holder on the Cash Dividend Payment Date an amount equal to 
the Cash Dividend Amount in respect of each W&C Security held by him on the Cash Dividend 
Payment Date, provided that if the relevant Dividend Date has not occurred prior to the Actual 
Exercise Date (in the case of Warrants) or the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates), the

--- Page 207 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
207 
 
 
Issuer shall not be obliged to pay such Cash Dividend Amount and the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor, if applicable, shall have no further obligation in respect thereof. 
(c) 
The Cash Dividend Notice shall specify the manner in which the Cash Dividend Amount shall 
be paid to each Holder. 
For the purposes of this Share Security Condition 6 the following definitions shall apply: 
"Cash Dividend" means any cash dividend paid by the Share Company or Basket Company in respect 
of a Share; 
"Cash Dividend Amount" means, in respect of a W&C Security, an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent equal to the Distributed Amount less a pro rata share of Dividend Expenses, such 
amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency at an exchange rate determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on or as soon as practicable after the Dividend Date; 
"Cash Dividend Payment Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date specified as such in the 
relevant Cash Dividend Notice; 
"Distributed Amount" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the amount of such dividend paid by the 
Share Company in respect of a Share, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; 
"Dividend Date" means, in respect of a Cash Dividend, the date on which such Cash Dividend would 
be received by a holder of the Share as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion; and 
"Dividend Expenses" means all present, future or contingent withholding, capital gain, profit, 
transactional or business tax or other similar tax or duty (including stamp duty) and/or expenses 
(including any applicable depositary charges, transaction charges, issue, registration, transfer and/or 
other expenses) which the Calculation Agent determines have been or may be deducted and/or may arise 
or may have arisen in respect of the Cash Dividend and/or any payment of the Cash Dividend Amount 
in respect of the W&C Securities. 
7. 
GDR/ADR 
Share Security Conditions 8 to 12 (inclusive) apply where "GDR/ADR" is specified in respect of the 
shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs in the applicable Final Terms. 
8. 
Definitions relating to GDR/ADR 
"ADR" means an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Conversion Event" means any event which in the determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, results (or will result) in the GDRs and/or ADRs 
being converted into Underlying Shares or any other listed W&C Securities of the issuer of the 
Underlying Shares; 
"GDR" means a Global Depositary Receipt; and 
"Underlying Shares" means the shares underlying an ADR or GDR, as the case may be.

--- Page 208 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
208 
 
 
9. 
General (GDR/ADR) 
Save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the Conditions and the Share 
Security Conditions to the "Shares" shall, in respect of the shares specified to be GDRs/ADRs, be deemed 
to be to the GDRs or ADRs, as applicable, and/or the Underlying Shares, references to the "Share 
Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, shall be deemed to be to the issuer of the GDRs or 
ADRs, as the case may be, and the issuer of the Underlying Shares, and references to the "Exchange" 
shall be deemed to be to the exchange or quotation system on which the GDRs or ADRs, as the case may 
be, are listed and the exchange or quotation system on which the Underlying Shares are listed, and with 
such additional or alternative modifications as the Calculation Agent may consider necessary or 
otherwise desirable provided that any such amendment is not materially prejudicial to the holders of 
W&C Securities. 
10. 
Share Event 
Upon the occurrence of a Share Event, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), 
(c) (in the case of Warrants), (d) (in the case of Certificates), (e) or (f), as applicable, of Share Security 
Condition 4.2.  The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the Share Event, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto. 
"Share Event" means each of the following events: 
(a) 
written instructions have been given by the Issuer or a Qualified Investor to the depositary of 
the Underlying Shares to withdraw or surrender the Underlying Shares; and 
(b) 
the termination of the deposit agreement in respect of the Underlying Shares. 
If an event constitutes both a Share Event and an Additional Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent 
shall have absolute discretion to determine which of these events such event constitutes. 
11. 
Potential Adjustment Event (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional event shall be deemed added to paragraph (b) of the definition of Potential 
Adjustment Event in Share Security Condition 3: 
"and/or a distribution in respect of the Underlying Shares of property other than cash, shares or rights 
relating to any Underlying Shares to the holder of the Underlying Shares". 
12. 
Extraordinary Events (GDR/ADR) 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Security Condition 
4.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"Conversion Event, Share Event". 
13. 
Stapled Shares 
Share Security Conditions 13 to 19 (inclusive) apply where "Stapled Shares" is specified as applicable 
in respect of shares specified to be Stapled Shares in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 209 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
209 
 
 
14. 
General (Stapled Shares) 
Except as provided in Share Security Condition 15, Share Security Condition 16 and Share Security 
Condition 17 below and save where specifically provided under the Final Terms, all references in the 
Security Conditions, and the Share Security Conditions to the "Shares" or a "Share" shall, in respect of 
the shares specified to be Stapled Shares, be deemed to be the "Stapled Shares Constituent" or a "Stapled 
Share", as applicable, references to the "Share Company" or "Basket Company", as applicable, shall be 
deemed to be to each issuer of a Stapled Share Constituent. 
15. 
Potential Adjustment Events (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Shares" in Share Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) shall be deemed to 
be references to "Stapled Shares and each Stapled Share Constituent". 
16. 
Extraordinary Events (Stapled Shares) 
16.1 
References to "Shares" in the definitions of Insolvency, Merger Event, Nationalisation and Stapling and 
related provisions in Share Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary Events) shall be deemed to be references 
to "Stapled Share Constituent". 
16.2 
The following additional events shall be deemed added to the first paragraph of Share Security Condition 
4.1 after the words "as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms)": 
"De-Stapling". 
17. 
Dividend Payment (Stapled Shares) 
References to "Share" (other than in "Share Company") in Share Security Condition 6 (Dividend 
Payment) shall be deemed to be references to "Stapled Share Constituent". 
18. 
De-Stapling 
Upon the occurrence of a De-Stapling, the Issuer may take the action described in paragraphs (a), (b), (c) 
(in the case of Warrants), (d) (in the case of Certificates) or (e) of Share Security Condition 4.2 (in the 
case of W&C Securities relating to either a single unit of Stapled Shares or a Basket of Shares comprising 
one or more Stapled Shares) or the action described in paragraph (b) of Share Security Condition 4.2 or 
in Share Security Condition 19 below (in respect of a Basket of Shares comprising one or more Stapled 
Shares).  The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Security 
Condition 10 stating the occurrence of the De-Stapling, giving details thereof and the action proposed to 
be taken in relation thereto.  
"De-Stapling" means the Stapled Shares become detached, such that: 
(a) 
one or more Stapled Share Constituent may be held, owned, sold, transferred, purchased and 
otherwise dealt with as an individual share; and/or 
(b) 
where applicable, one or more Stapled Share Constituent shall be listed and admitted to trading 
separately. 
19. 
Substitution following the occurrence of a De-Stapling 
If the Issuer elects to substitute the Stapled Shares following the occurrence of a De-Stapling in 
accordance with Share Security Condition 18, on or after the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective 
Date, the Calculation Agent will adjust the Basket of Shares to substitute one or more shares selected by

--- Page 210 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SHARE SECURITIES 
 
210 
 
 
it in accordance with the criteria set out below (the "Substitute Share") for the Stapled Shares (the 
"Affected Stapled Shares") affected by such De-Stapling and the Substitute Share will be deemed to be 
a "Share" and the relevant issuer of such shares a "Basket Company" for the purposes of the W&C 
Securities, and the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if any, to the Exercise Price (in the case 
of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or 
the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner determines appropriate, provided that, in the event that any amount payable under the 
W&C Securities was to be determined by reference to the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares, 
the Initial Price of each Substitute Share will be determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the following formula: 
Initial Price = Α × (B/C) 
where: 
"A" is the official closing price of the Substitute Share on the relevant Exchange on the Substitution 
Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the Affected Stapled Shares; and 
"C" is the official closing price of the Affected Stapled Shares on the Scheduled Trading Day 
immediately preceding the Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the Basket of Shares will be deemed to be effective as 
of the date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner and specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, 
be the relevant Extraordinary Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of the Substitute Share in the Basket of Shares will be equal to the Weighting of the 
relevant Affected Stapled Shares. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute Share, the relevant share must satisfy the following criteria, in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner: 
(i) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall belong to the same economic sector as the issuers of the 
Affected Stapled Shares; and 
(ii) 
the relevant issuer of the share shall have a comparable market capitalisation, international 
standing and exposure as the issuers of the Affected Stapled Shares.

--- Page 211 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
211 
 
 
ANNEX 4 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as ETI Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "ETI Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Conditions and (ii) the ETI Security Conditions, the ETI Security Conditions, as applicable, shall prevail.   
1. 
Definitions 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary ETI Event occurs in respect of one or more ETI 
Interests or the related ETI comprising the ETI Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary 
ETI Event has occurred in respect of more than one ETI, together have, a Weighting in the ETI Basket 
equal to or greater than the Basket Trigger Level;  
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
50 per cent.; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is an Exchange Business Day; 
"Clearance System" means the principal domestic clearance system customarily used for settling trades 
in the relevant ETI Interest; 
"Clearance System Days" means, in respect of a Clearance System, any day on which such Clearance 
System is (or, but for the occurrence of an event which results in the Clearance System being unable to 
clear the transfer of a relevant security would have been) open for the acceptance and execution of 
settlement instructions; 
"Closing Price" means, in respect of an ETI and a Scheduled Trading Day, the official closing price (or 
if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Value per ETI 
Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such day as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential Adjustment Events) or ETI Security 
Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Disrupted Day" means any Scheduled Trading Day on which a relevant Exchange or any Related 
Exchange fails to open for trading during its regular trading session or on which a Market Disruption 
Event has occurred; 
"Dividend Event" means that with reference to the later of (i) the two financial years prior to the Trade 
Date, and (ii) the two financial years prior to the relevant observation date, the ETI has implemented a 
material change to its practice with respect to the payment of dividends; 
"Early Closure" means the closure on any Exchange Business Day of the relevant Exchange(s) or any 
Related Exchange(s) prior to its Scheduled Closing Time unless such earlier closing time is announced 
by such Exchange(s) or such Related Exchange(s), as the case may be, at least one hour prior to the 
earlier of (i) the actual closing time for the regular trading session on such Exchange(s) or such Related 
Exchange(s) on such Exchange Business Day and (ii) the submission deadline for orders to be entered 
into the Exchange or Related Exchange system for execution at the Valuation Time on such Exchange 
Business Day;

--- Page 212 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
212 
 
 
"ETI" means (i) any exchange traded fund, (ii) the issuer of (A) an exchange traded note, (B) exchange 
traded commodity or (C) any other exchange traded product or (iii) any other exchange traded entity 
specified as an ETI in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Basket" means, where the ETI Securities are linked to the performance of ETI Interests of more 
than one ETI, a basket comprising such ETI Interests; 
"ETI Documents" means with respect to any ETI Interest, the offering document of the relevant ETI in 
effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
ETI Interests and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the ETI, 
as may be further described in any ETI Document; 
"ETI Interest(s)" means (i) in respect of an exchange traded fund, an ownership interest issued to or 
held by an investor in such ETI, (ii) in respect of an exchange traded note or an exchange traded 
commodity, a unit or note, as the case may be, issued by such ETI, or (iii) in respect of any other exchange 
traded product, any other interest specified as an ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms; 
"ETI Interest Correction Period" means (a) the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or (b) if 
none is so specified, one Settlement Cycle; 
"ETI Related Party" means, in respect of any ETI, any person who is appointed to provide services 
(howsoever described in any ETI Documents), directly or indirectly, in respect of such ETI, whether or 
not specified in the ETI Documents, including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, 
registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, sponsor or general partner and any other person specified 
as such in the applicable Final Terms and in the case of an exchange traded note or exchange traded 
commodity, the calculation agent; 
"Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified as such 
for the relevant ETI in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation system 
or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in the ETI Interest has temporarily 
relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has determined that there is comparable liquidity relative 
to such ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original 
Exchange); 
"Exchange Business Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI Interest, Exchange Business Day 
(Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, (i) Exchange Business Day (All ETI 
Interests Basis) or (ii) Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, 
Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Exchange Business Day (All ETI Interests Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which each Exchange and each Related Exchange, if any, are open for trading in respect 
of all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s) 
notwithstanding any such Exchange or Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any Scheduled 
Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange, if any, in respect of 
such ETI Interest are open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding 
any such relevant Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Business Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any 
Scheduled Trading Day on which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange (if any) are

--- Page 213 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
213 
 
 
open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s), notwithstanding any such relevant 
Exchange or relevant Related Exchange closing prior to their Scheduled Closing Time; 
"Exchange Disruption" means any event (other than an Early Closure) that disrupts or impairs (as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) the ability of market participants in general (i) to effect transactions 
in, or obtain market values for, the ETI Interest on the Exchange or (ii) to effect transactions in, or obtain 
market values for, futures or options contracts on or relating to the ETI Interest on any relevant Related 
Exchange; 
"Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the date 
on which such Extraordinary ETI Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Calculation 
Agent, an affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the W&C Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  The Hedge Provider will 
hold or be deemed to hold such number of ETI Interests, or enter or be deemed to enter into any 
agreement to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of ETI 
Interests as it (or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held 
by a prudent issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant W&C Securities; 
"Hedging Shares" means the number of ETI Interests that the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates deems 
necessary to hedge the equity or other price risk of entering into and performing its obligations with 
respect to the W&C Securities; 
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in an ETI Interest which is deemed to have the benefits 
and obligations, as provided in the relevant ETI Documents, of an investor holding an ETI Interest at the 
relevant time.  The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their Affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the 
relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means, in respect of a day, an amount which may never be less 
than zero equal to the present value as at such day, of any future payments under the W&C Securities 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion taking into account, without 
limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from the sale of any ETI Interests 
by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the ETI Interests and transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option Value 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Intraday Price" means, in respect of an ETI and any time on a Scheduled Trading Day, the published 
or quoted price (or if Value per ETI Interest is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Value per ETI Interest) in respect of the relevant ETI Interest in relation to such time on such day as

--- Page 214 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
214 
 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent, subject as provided in ETI Security Condition 3 (Potential 
Adjustment Events) or ETI Security Condition 4 (Extraordinary ETI Events); 
"Investment/AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, EUR 100,000,000 or the equivalent in any other currency; 
"Loss of Stock Borrow" means that the Issuer and/or any Affiliate is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to borrow (or maintain a borrowing of) any ETI Interest in an amount equal to the 
Hedging Shares at a rate equal to or less than the Maximum Stock Loan Rate; 
"Maximum Stock Loan Rate" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the Maximum Stock Loan Rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Interests and Entity, any:  
(a) 
reclassification or change of such ETI Interests that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such ETI Interests outstanding to another entity or person,  
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI with or 
into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such ETI, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such ETI Interests outstanding),  
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding ETI Interests of an 
ETI that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such ETI Interests 
(other than such ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an ETI or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the ETI is the continuing entity and which does 
not result in a reclassification or change of all such ETI Interests outstanding but results in the 
outstanding ETI Interests (other than ETI Interests owned or controlled by such other entity) 
immediately prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the 
outstanding ETI Interests immediately following such event,  
in each case if the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is on or before the last occurring 
Valuation Date.  For the purposes of this definition only, "Interests" shall mean the applicable ETI 
Interests or the shares of any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require, and "Entity" shall 
mean the applicable ETI or any applicable ETI Related Party, as the context may require; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per W&C Security equal to the 
Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date; 
"Number of Value Publication Days" means the number of calendar days or Value Business Days 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, being the maximum number of days after the due date for 
publication or reporting of the Value per ETI Interest after which the ETI Related Party or any entity 
fulfilling such role, howsoever described in the ETI Documents, or any other party acting on behalf of 
the ETI, may remedy any failure to publish or report the Value per ETI Interest before the Calculation 
Agent may determine that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per W&C Security determined as the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; and

--- Page 215 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
215 
 
 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value on the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination 
Date; 
"Protected Amount" means the present value of a hypothetical zero coupon bond reflecting the principal 
protection feature of the W&C Securities as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Related Exchange" means in relation to an ETI Interest, each exchange or quotation system specified 
as such for such ETI Interest in the applicable Final Terms, any successor to such exchange or quotation 
system or any substitute exchange or quotation system to which trading in futures or options contracts 
relating to such ETI Interest has temporarily relocated (provided that the Calculation Agent has 
determined that there is comparable liquidity relative to the futures or options contracts relating to such 
ETI Interest on such temporary substitute exchange or quotation system as on the original Related 
Exchange), provided that where "All Exchanges" is specified as the Related Exchange in the applicable 
Final Terms, "Related Exchange" shall mean each exchange or quotation system where trading has a 
material effect (as determined by the Calculation Agent) on the overall market for futures or options 
contracts relating to such ETI Interest; 
"Scheduled Trading Day" means either (a) in the case of a single ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest, 
Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis) or (b) in the case of an ETI Basket, (i) Scheduled 
Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis) or (ii) Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis), in each case 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if no such specification is made in the applicable 
Final Terms, Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis) shall apply; 
"Scheduled Trading Day (All ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Basket, any day on 
which each Exchange and each Related Exchange(s) are scheduled to be open for trading in respect of 
all ETI Interests comprised in the ETI Basket during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Per ETI Interest Basis)" means, in respect of an ETI Interest, any day on 
which the relevant Exchange and the relevant Related Exchange in respect of such ETI Interest are 
scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular trading session(s); 
"Scheduled Trading Day (Single ETI Interest Basis)" means any day on which the relevant Exchange 
and the relevant Related Exchange are scheduled to be open for trading during their respective regular 
trading session(s); 
"Settlement Cycle" means in respect of an ETI Interest, the period of Clearance System Days following 
a trade in the ETI Interest on the Exchange in which settlement will customarily occur according to the 
rules of such Exchange; 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms and subject to the 
provisions of these ETI Security Conditions and as referred to in "Valuation Date" or "Averaging Date", 
as the case may be, any underlying reference price required to be calculated in order to determine the 
Final Payout or Automatic Early Redemption Payout, as the case may be, or if applicable: 
(i) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to an ETI Basket and in respect of each ETI Interest 
comprising the ETI Basket, an amount equal to (x) if the applicable Final Terms specify that 
the Settlement Price is to be the official closing price, the official closing price (or the price at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant Exchange for such ETI Interest 
on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if 
Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date (or if in the opinion of 
the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the 
Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable

--- Page 216 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
216 
 
 
Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation Date or Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal to 
the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price (or the fair market buying price at 
the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair market selling price (or the fair 
market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as 
the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) for such ETI Interest whose 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such 
Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be 
determined based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean of the 
foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial institutions 
or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading of such ETI 
Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the applicable 
Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the Value per 
ETI Interest for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date, in each case multiplied by the relevant Weighting, such value to be converted, 
if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate, 
all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in the case of ETI Securities relating to a single ETI Interest, an amount equal to (x) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the official closing price, the 
official closing price (or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or an Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) quoted on the relevant 
Exchange for such ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an 
Averaging Date (or if, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, any such official closing price 
(or the price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging Date, as the case 
may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) cannot be so determined and the Valuation 
Date or Averaging Date, as the case may be, is not a Disrupted Day, an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent to be equal to the arithmetic mean of the closing fair market buying price 
(or the fair market buying price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation Date or such Averaging 
Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the closing fair 
market selling price (or the fair market selling price at the Valuation Time on the Valuation 
Date or such Averaging Date, as the case may be, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
for the ETI Interest based, at the Calculation Agent's discretion, either on the arithmetic mean 
of the foregoing prices or middle market quotations provided to it by two or more financial 
institutions or applicable brokers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) engaged in the trading 
of such ETI Interest or on such other factors as the Calculation Agent shall decide), or (y) if the 
applicable Final Terms specify that the Settlement Price is to be the Value per ETI Interest, the 
Value per ETI Interest on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified on the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging 
Date, in each case, such amount to be converted, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
into the Settlement Currency at the Exchange Rate and such converted amount to be the 
Settlement Price, all as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent; 
"Specified Maximum Days of Disruption" means eight (8) Scheduled Trading Days, or such other 
number of Specified Maximum Days of Disruption specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the ETI or an ETI Related Party, as determined by the

--- Page 217 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
217 
 
 
Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies or 
such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
(i) in the case of Certificates, (x) the Principal Protected Termination Amount or (y) the Non-Principal 
Protected Termination Amount as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of Warrants, 
an amount equal to the Implied Imbedded Option Value; 
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer and specified in the notice given to Holders 
in accordance with ETI Security Condition 6.2(d); 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Trading Disruption" means in relation to an ETI Interest, any suspension of or limitation imposed on 
trading by the relevant Exchange or Related Exchange or otherwise and whether by reason of movements 
in price exceeding limits permitted by the relevant Exchange or any Related Exchange or otherwise (i) 
relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on the Exchange; or (ii) in futures or options 
contracts relating to the ETI Interest or any underlying asset of the ETI on any relevant Related Exchange; 
"Value Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks are 
open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
Value Business Day Centre(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Valuation Time" means in the case of an ETI and in relation to an ETI Interest either (i) the close of 
trading on the Exchange or (ii) as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Value per ETI Interest" means, with respect to the relevant ETI Interest(s) and the Scheduled Trading 
Day relating to such ETI Interests, (i) if the relevant ETI Documents refer to an official net asset value 
per ETI Interest (howsoever described), such official net asset value per ETI Interest, otherwise (ii) the 
official closing price or value per ETI Interest, as of the relevant calculation date, as reported on such 
Scheduled Trading Day by the ETI or an ETI Related Party, the relevant Exchange or publishing service 
(which may include the website of an ETI), all as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Barrier" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, or if not so specified, 5 per cent.; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential" means the percentage by which the Value per 
ETI Interest differs from the actual trading price of the ETI Interest as of the time the Value per ETI 
Interest is calculated; 
"Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event" means, in respect of any ETI Interest(s), that (i) the Value per 
ETI Interest has decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the Value Trigger Percentage(s) at any 
time during the related Value Trigger Period, or (ii) the ETI has violated any leverage restriction that is 
applicable to, or affecting, such ETI or its assets by operation of any law, (x) any order or judgement of 
any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, (y) the ETI Documents or 
(z) any other contractual restriction binding on or affecting the ETI or any of its assets; 
"Value Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, 50 per cent.; 
"Value Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date.

--- Page 218 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
218 
 
 
2. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" means, in relation to W&C Securities relating to a single ETI Interest or an 
ETI Basket, in respect of an ETI Interest the occurrence or existence of (i) a Trading Disruption, (ii) an 
Exchange Disruption, which in either case the Calculation Agent determines is material, at any time 
during the one hour period that ends at the relevant Valuation Time, or (iii) an Early Closure. 
The Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 of the occurrence of a Disrupted Day on any day that, but for the occurrence of a Disrupted 
Day, would have been an Averaging Date or a Valuation Date, as the case may be. 
3. 
Potential Adjustment Events 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means any of the following: 
(a) 
an extraordinary dividend as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
(b) 
a repurchase or exercise of any call option by any ETI of relevant ETI Interests whether out of 
profits or capital and whether the consideration for such repurchase is cash, securities or 
otherwise; or 
(c) 
any other event that may have, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, a diluting or 
concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the relevant ETI Interests. 
"Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date" means, in respect of a Potential Adjustment Event, the 
date on which such Potential Adjustment Event is announced by the relevant ETI or ETI Related Party, 
as the case may be, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
Except as may be limited in the case of U.S. Securities, following the declaration by the relevant ETI or 
ETI Related Party, as the case may be, of the terms of any Potential Adjustment Event, the Calculation 
Agent will, in its sole and absolute discretion, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a 
diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of the ETI Interests and, if so, will (i) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable 
Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate to account 
for that diluting or concentrative effect (provided that no adjustments will be made to account solely for 
changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity relative to the relevant ETI Interest) 
and (ii) determine the effective date of that adjustment.  The Calculation Agent may, but need not, 
determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in respect of such Potential 
Adjustment Event made by an options exchange to options on the ETI Interest traded on that options 
exchange. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment, the Calculation Agent shall give notice as soon as reasonably 
practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 stating the adjustment to the Exercise Price 
(in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving brief details of the Potential Adjustment Event 
and the Potential Adjustment Event Effective Date. 
4. 
Extraordinary ETI Events 
Subject to the provisions of ETI Security Condition 5 (Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events), 
"Extraordinary ETI Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade Date 
of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent:

--- Page 219 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
219 
 
 
Global Events: 
4.1 
the ETI or any ETI Related Party (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of an ETI Related Party, 
ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, 
or any other relevant business (as applicable), (ii) is dissolved or has a resolution passed, or 
there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii) makes a general assignment or arrangement 
with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv) (1) institutes or has instituted against it, by a regulator, 
supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or regulatory 
jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the jurisdiction of 
its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' 
rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or such regulator, 
supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of 
insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other 
similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, 
and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity not described in 
sub-clause (v)  (1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the 
entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (y) is 
not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v) seeks or becomes subject to the 
appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian 
or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; (vi) has a secured party take 
possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, 
sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all 
its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not immediately 
dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii) causes or is subject to any event with respect 
to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect analogous to any of the 
events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
4.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
4.3 
there exists any litigation against the ETI or an ETI Related Party which in the sole and absolute 
discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or on 
the rights or remedies of any investor therein; or 
4.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the ETI, or any ETI 
Related Party, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, 
judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened 
against the ETI, any ETI Related Party or any key personnel of such entities if such allegation, 
determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the sole and absolute discretion of the 
Calculation Agent, materially affect the value of the ETI Interests or the rights or remedies of 
any investor in such ETI Interests; 
Change in ETI Related Parties/Key Persons Events:  
4.5 
(i) an ETI Related Party ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the ETI (including by way 
of Merger Event or Tender Offer) and is not immediately replaced in such capacity by a 
successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent; and/or (ii) any event occurs which causes, or 
will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the 
ETI and/or any ETI Related Party to meet or maintain any obligation or undertaking under the

--- Page 220 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
220 
 
 
ETI Documents which failure is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the 
ETI Interests or on the rights or remedies of any investor therein; 
Modification Events: 
4.6 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the ETI (howsoever described, 
including the underlying type of assets in which the ETI invests), from those set out in the ETI 
Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except where 
such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
4.7 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance 
(howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the ETI invests, (ii) the ETI purports 
to track, or (iii) the ETI accepts/provides for purposes of creation/redemption baskets; 
4.8 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the ETI (including but not limited to a material modification of the ETI 
Documents or to the ETI's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not 
affect the ETI Interests or the or any portfolio of assets to which the ETI Interest relates (either 
alone or in common with other ETI Interests issued by the ETI); 
4.9 
the currency denomination of the ETI Interest is amended from that set out in the ETI 
Documents so that the Value per ETI Interest is no longer calculated in the same currency as it 
was as at the Trade Date; or 
4.10 
if applicable, the ETI ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the legislation 
of its relevant jurisdiction; 
Net Asset Value/Investment/AUM Level Events: 
4.11 
a material modification of the method of calculating the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.12 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the Value per ETI Interest; 
4.13 
any of the ETI, any ETI Related Parties or any other party acting on behalf of the ETI fails for 
any reason to calculate and publish the Value per ETI Interest within the Number of Value 
Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the ETI 
Interests unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the 
immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
4.14 
the assets under management of, or total investment in, the ETI falls below the Investment/AUM 
Level; 
4.15 
a Value per ETI Interest Trigger Event occurs; 
4.16 
failure by the ETI or any ETI Related Party to publish (i) the Value per ETI Interest at the end 
of each Scheduled Trading Day as a result of any action or inaction by the ETI or any ETI 
Related Party, or (ii) where the relevant ETI Documents provide for the publication of an 
indicative Value per ETI Interest, such indicative Value per ETI Interest is published no less 
frequently than once every five (5) minutes during regular trading hours on the Exchange on 
each Scheduled Trading Day; or

--- Page 221 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
221 
 
 
4.17 
(i) the Value per ETI Interest Trading Price Differential breaches the Value per ETI Interest 
Trading Price Barrier, and (ii) such breach has an adverse impact on any hedging activities in 
relation to the W&C Securities; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events:  
4.18 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the W&C Securities (a "Tax 
Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense 
of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
Tax Event; or 
4.19 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the ETI or the ETI Related Parties are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any 
applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of the ETI by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the ETI), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under 
review by a competent authority in respect of the ETI or the ETI Related Parties or new 
conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or 
licence, (iii) the ETI is required by a competent authority to redeem any ETI Interests, (iv) the 
Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of 
or compulsorily redeem any ETI Interests held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the W&C Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory 
treatment of the ETI or any ETI Related Party that is reasonably likely to have an adverse impact 
on the value of the ETI Interests or other activities or undertakings of the ETI or on the rights 
or remedies of any investor therein, including any Hedge Provider;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events:  
4.20 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, 
after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the 
interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) 
it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without 
limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, 
or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would 
have to be maintained in respect of any holding of ETI Interests or that would subject a holder 
of the ETI Interests or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant ETI Interests 
or any underlying assets of or related to the ETI or for the Hedge Provider to maintain its 
hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period 
of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable 
efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense

--- Page 222 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
222 
 
 
of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
Relevant Event; 
4.21 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, if the cost to the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the W&C Securities and the related hedging arrangements 
(including, but not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees) would be 
materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
W&C Securities and the related hedging arrangements; 
4.22 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset or any futures or option 
contracts on the relevant Exchange it deems necessary to hedge the equity, commodity or other 
underlying ETI Interest asset price risk or any other relevant price risk, including but not limited 
to the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the 
proceeds of any such transaction, asset, or futures or option contract or any relevant hedge 
positions relating to an ETI Interest of the ETI; 
4.23 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the 
W&C Securities; 
4.24 
if at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider 
unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in an ETI that exceeds 10 
per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the 
performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of an ETI, the Hedge Provider holds an 
ownership interest in such ETI that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management; 
Miscellaneous Events:  
4.25 
in the case of W&C Securities linked to an ETI Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
4.26 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI 
Related Party or any parent company (howsoever described) of the ETI, by Moody's Investors 
Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or Standard and 
Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the ratings business 
thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the short-term 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any ETI Related Party by 
Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's); 
4.27 
the occurrence of a Loss of Stock Borrow; 
4.28 
the occurrence of an Additional Extraordinary ETI Event; 
4.29 
if the relevant ETI Documents provide for the payment of dividends, the occurrence of a 
Dividend Event; 
4.30 
the relevant Exchange announces that pursuant to the rules of such Exchange, the relevant ETI 
Interests cease (or will cease) to be listed, traded or publicly quoted on the Exchange for any 
reason and are not immediately re-listed, re-traded or re-quoted on (i) where the Exchange is 
located in the United States, any of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock 
Exchange or the NASDAQ National Market System (or their respective successors) or

--- Page 223 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
223 
 
 
otherwise (ii) a comparable exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
Exchange (or, where the Exchange is within the European Union, in a member state of the 
European Union). 
5. 
Determination of Extraordinary ETI Events  
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary ETI Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary ETI 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
6. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary ETI Event 
6.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary ETI Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent 
may, on or prior to the date on which such Extraordinary ETI Event is no longer continuing give notice 
(an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary ETI Event (the date on which an 
Extraordinary ETI Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date") and set out, 
if determined at that time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary ETI 
Event pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 below.  Where the action that the Issuer has determined to 
take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the action that the Issuer 
has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary ETI Event Notification Date. 
For such purposes, an Extraordinary ETI Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been 
remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer. 
The Calculation Agent shall provide Holders with an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary ETI Event.  However, neither the 
Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or opportunity cost 
suffered or incurred by any Holder or any other person in connection with the W&C Securities as a result 
of any delay, howsoever arising.  If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary ETI Event Notice, the 
Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment or delivery in respect of the W&C Securities until 
the Issuer has determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to ETI Security Condition 6.2 
below. 
6.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, 
may take the action described below in (a), (b), (c) or (d). 
(a) 
No Action 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be "No 
Action", then the W&C Securities shall continue and there shall be no amendment to the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary ETI Event is to be "Adjustment", then it may:

--- Page 224 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
224 
 
 
(i) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion the appropriate 
adjustment, if any, to be made to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the 
applicable Final Terms to account for the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment.  The relevant adjustments may include, without limitation, 
adjustments to account for changes in volatility, expected dividends, stock loan rate or liquidity 
relevant to the ETI Interests or to the W&C Securities and a change in the Weighting of any 
remaining ETI Interest(s) not affected by an Extraordinary ETI Event.  The Calculation Agent 
may (but need not) determine the appropriate adjustment by reference to the adjustment in 
respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event made by any options exchange to options on 
the ETI Interests traded on that options exchange; or 
(ii) 
following such adjustment to the settlement terms of options on the ETI Interests traded on such 
exchange(s) or quotation system(s) as the Issuer in its sole discretion shall select (the "Options 
Exchange"), require the Calculation Agent to make a corresponding adjustment to any one or 
more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting and/or any of the 
other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms, which adjustment 
will be effective as of the date determined by the Calculation Agent to be the effective date of 
the corresponding adjustment made by the Options Exchange.  If options on the ETI Interests 
are not traded on the Options Exchange, the Calculation Agent will make such adjustment, if 
any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or the Weighting 
and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms 
as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, with 
reference to the rules and precedents (if any) set by the Options Exchange to account for the 
relevant Extraordinary ETI Event, that in the determination of the Calculation Agent would 
have given rise to an adjustment by the Options Exchange if such options were so traded. 
(c) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Substitution", the Calculation Agent shall on or after the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective 
Date, substitute each ETI Interest (each, an "Affected ETI Interest") of each ETI (each, an "Affected 
ETI") which is affected by such Extraordinary ETI Event with an ETI Interest selected by it in 
accordance with the criteria for ETI Interest selection set out below (each, a "Substitute ETI Interest") 
and the Substitute ETI Interest will be deemed to be an "ETI Interest" and the relevant issuer of such 
Substitute ETI Interest, an "ETI" for the purposes of the W&C Securities, and the Calculation Agent will 
make such adjustment, if any, to any one or more of the Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or 
the Weighting and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final 
Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion determines appropriate, provided that 
in the event that any amount payable under the W&C Securities was to be determined by reference to 
the Initial Price of the Affected ETI Interest, the Initial Price of each Substitute ETI Interest will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(B/C)
A
Price
 
Initial


 
where: 
"A" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Substitute ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date; 
"B" is the Initial Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest; and 
"C" is the Settlement Price of the relevant Affected ETI Interest on the relevant Exchange on the 
Substitution Date.

--- Page 225 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
225 
 
 
Such substitution and the relevant adjustment to the ETI Basket will be deemed to be effective as of the 
date selected by the Calculation Agent (the "Substitution Date") in its sole and absolute discretion and 
specified in the notice referred to below which may, but need not, be the relevant Extraordinary ETI 
Event Effective Date. 
The Weighting of each Substitute ETI Interest will be equal to the Weighting of the relevant Affected 
ETI Interest. 
In order to be selected as a Substitute ETI Interest, the relevant share/unit/interest must satisfy the 
following criteria, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 
(i) 
where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer (a) in the case 
of ETI Securities related to a single ETI, and (b) in the case of ETI Securities related to an ETI 
Basket, the relevant share/unit/interest shall be an ordinary share/unit/interest of the entity or 
person that in the case of a Merger Event is the continuing entity in respect of the Merger Event 
or in the case of a Tender Offer is the entity making the Tender Offer provided that (i) the 
relevant share/unit/interest is not already included in the ETI Basket and (ii) it is or as of the 
relevant Extraordinary ETI Event Effective Date is promptly scheduled to be, (x) publicly 
quoted, traded or listed on an exchange or quotation system located in the same country as the 
relevant Exchange (or, where the relevant Exchange is within the European Union, in any 
member state of the European Union) and (y) not subject to any currency exchange controls, 
trading restrictions or other trading limitations; or 
(ii) 
(a) where the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event is a Merger Event or a Tender Offer and a 
share/unit/interest would otherwise satisfy the criteria set out in paragraph (i) above, but such 
share/unit/interest is (in the case of an ETI Security related to an ETI Basket), already included 
in the ETI Basket, or (b) where the Extraordinary ETI Event is not a Merger Event or a Tender 
Offer, an alternative exchange traded instrument which, in the determination of the Calculation 
Agent, has similar characteristics to the relevant ETI, including but not limited to, a comparable 
listing (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be restricted to a listing on the exchange or 
quotation system in the same geographic region), investment objectives, investment restrictions 
and investment processes, underlying asset pools and whose related parties (such as, but not 
limited to, trustee, general partner, sponsor, advisor, manager, operating company, custodian, 
prime broker and depository) are acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(d) 
Termination 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary ETI Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (which such notice may be 
included in the Extraordinary ETI Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary ETI Event and 
will specify the Termination Date), (i) in the case of Warrants, all but not some only of the outstanding 
ETI Securities shall be cancelled by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date or (ii) 
in the case of Certificates, all but not some only of the outstanding ETI Securities shall be redeemed by 
payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date.  Payments will be made in such manner 
as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(e) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary ETI Event, the Issuer is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Holders or any other person.  In making any determination as to which 
action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary ETI Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of loss of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders or any other person in connection

--- Page 226 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR ETI SECURITIES 
 
226 
 
 
with the W&C Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in 
making any payment or delivery in respect of the W&C Securities. 
7. 
Correction of ETI Interest Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment or delivery under the W&C Securities, if the price of the relevant 
ETI Interest published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the W&C Securities is subsequently corrected and the correction is published by the 
relevant price source within the number of days equal to the ETI Interest Correction Period of the original 
publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the relevant ETI Interest as so corrected.  Corrections 
published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days prior to a due date for payment or delivery 
under the W&C Securities will be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining 
the relevant amount. 
8. 
Calculations and Determinations 
To the extent permitted by any applicable law, the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as applicable, 
will make the calculations and determinations as described in the ETI Security Conditions in such a 
manner as the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer, as the case may be, determines to be appropriate 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner having regard in each case to the criteria 
stipulated in the ETI Security Conditions, the hedging arrangements in respect of the W&C Securities 
and the nature of the relevant ETI and related ETI Interests.

--- Page 227 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES 
 
227 
 
 
ANNEX 5 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Debt Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Debt Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Conditions and (ii) the Debt Security Conditions, the Debt Security Conditions shall prevail.   
1. 
Settlement Price 
"Settlement Price" means, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, in relation to each 
Security, or in the case of Warrants, if Units are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each Unit, as 
the case may be, subject as referred to in "Averaging Date" or "Valuation Date", any underlying reference 
price required to be calculated in order to determine the Final Payout or Automatic Early Redemption 
Payout, as the case may be, or if applicable: 
(a) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a basket of Debt Instruments, an amount equal to the 
sum of the values calculated for each Debt Instrument at the bid price for such Debt Instrument 
as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by reference to the bid price for such 
Debt Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at the Valuation Time on (a) if 
Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging Date, or if such price is not available, 
the arithmetic mean of the bid prices for such Debt Instrument at the Valuation Time on such 
Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case may be, as received by it from two or more 
market-makers (as selected by the Calculation Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such bid prices 
to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of such Debt Instrument, multiplied by 
the relevant Weighting; and 
(b) 
in the case of Debt Securities relating to a single Debt Instrument, an amount equal to the bid 
price for the Debt Instrument as determined by or on behalf of the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the bid price for such Debt Instrument appearing on the Relevant Screen Page at 
the Valuation Time on (a) if Averaging is not specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Valuation Date or (b) if Averaging is specified in the applicable Final Terms, an Averaging 
Date, or if such price is not available, the arithmetic mean of the bid prices for such Debt 
Instrument at the Valuation Time on such Averaging Date or the Valuation Date, as the case 
may be, as received by it from two or more market-makers (as selected by the Calculation 
Agent) in such Debt Instrument, such bid prices to be expressed as a percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Debt Instrument. 
2. 
Exchange Business Day 
"Exchange Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the Exchange Business Day Centre(s). 
3. 
Market Disruption 
"Market Disruption Event" shall mean the suspension of or limitation imposed on trading either on any 
exchange on which the Debt Instruments or any of them (in the case of a basket of Debt Instruments) are 
traded or on any exchange on which options contracts or futures contracts with respect to the Debt

--- Page 228 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR DEBT SECURITIES 
 
228 
 
 
Instruments or any of them (in the case of a basket of Debt Instruments) are traded if, in the determination 
of the Calculation Agent, such suspension or limitation is material. 
The Issuer shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 that a 
Market Disruption Event has occurred. 
4. 
Correction of Debt Instrument Price 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three Exchange Business Days 
prior to the due date for any payment under the W&C Securities, if the price of the relevant Debt 
Instrument published on a given day and used or to be used by the Calculation Agent to make any 
determination under the W&C Securities, is subsequently corrected and the correction published by the 
relevant exchange within 30 days of the original publication, the price to be used shall be the price of the 
relevant Debt Instrument as so corrected.  Corrections published after the day which is three Exchange 
Business Days prior to a due date for payment under the W&C Securities will be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purposes of determining the relevant amount to be paid.

--- Page 229 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
229 
 
 
ANNEX 6 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Fund Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of the W&C 
Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Fund Security 
Conditions"), in each case together with any other additional terms and conditions specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency between 
(i) the Conditions and (ii) the Fund Security Conditions, the Fund Security Conditions shall prevail.   
1. 
Definitions 
"AUM Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, with 
respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, EUR 50,000,000, or (ii) a Hedge Fund, EUR 100,000,000, or the equivalent 
in any other currency; 
"Basket Trigger Event" means that an Extraordinary Fund Event occurs in respect of one or more Funds 
comprising the Fund Basket which has or, in the event that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred in 
respect of more than one Fund, together have, a Weighting in the Fund Basket equal to or greater than 
the Basket Trigger Level; 
"Basket Trigger Level" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
50 per cent.; 
"Calculation Date" means each day(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified, 
each day which is a Fund Business Day; 
"Closing Price" means in respect of the relevant Fund and a Scheduled Trading Day, the NAV per Fund 
Share reported or calculated (as applicable) immediately prior to such Scheduled Trading Day; 
"Delayed Payment Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, the date falling two calendar years after the originally designated Settlement Date, Redemption 
or Termination Date, as the case may be; 
"Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date" means, in respect of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the 
date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event occurs, or has occurred, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole and absolute discretion;  
"Fee" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Final Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund" means each Mutual Fund, Hedge Fund or Private Equity Fund;  
"Fund Basket" means, where the Fund Securities are linked to the performance of Fund Shares of more 
than one Fund, a basket comprising such Fund Shares; 
"Fund Business Day" means either (i) with respect to single Fund, Fund Business Day (Single Fund 
Share Basis), or (ii) in respect of a Fund Basket, either Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis) or 
Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that, if 
no such specification is made in the applicable Final Terms, Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis) 
shall apply;

--- Page 230 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
230 
 
 
"Fund Business Day (All Fund Shares Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Basket, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date for all Fund Shares comprised in the Fund Basket, (ii) for which there has been a 
corresponding Fund Reporting Date in respect of each such Fund and (iii) on which the Hedge Provider 
has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for each such Fund Share executed at the NAV 
per Fund Share published on the relevant Fund Reporting Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Per Fund Share Basis)" means, with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is a 
Fund Valuation Date in respect of such Fund Share, (ii) for which there has been a corresponding Fund 
Reporting Date and (iii) on which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption 
order for the Fund Shares executed at the NAV per Fund Share published on the relevant Fund Reporting 
Date; 
"Fund Business Day (Single Fund Share Basis)" means with respect to a Fund Share, a date (i) that is 
a Fund Valuation Date, (ii) for which there has been a corresponding Fund Reporting Date and (iii) on 
which the Hedge Provider has, or could have, a subscription or redemption order for the Fund Shares 
executed at the NAV per Fund Share published on the relevant Fund Reporting Date;  
"Fund Documents" means, with respect to any Fund Share, the offering document of the relevant Fund 
in effect on the Hedging Date specifying, among other matters, the terms and conditions relating to such 
Fund Share and, for the avoidance of doubt, any other documents or agreements in respect of the Fund, 
as further described in any Fund Document; 
"Fund Reporting Date" means, subject to the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, in respect of 
any Fund Share and a Fund Valuation Date, the date on which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, 
the relevant NAV per Fund Share is reported or published in respect of such Fund Valuation Date; 
"Fund Service Provider" means, in respect of any Fund, any person who is appointed to provide 
services, directly or indirectly, in respect of such Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, 
including any advisor, manager, administrator, operator, management company, depository, custodian, 
sub-custodian, prime broker, administrator, trustee, registrar and transfer agent, domiciliary agent, 
sponsor or general partner and any other person specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Share(s)" means an ownership interest issued to or held by an investor in a Fund or any other 
interest specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Fund Valuation Date" means any date as of which, in accordance with the Fund Documents, the Fund 
(or the Fund Service Provider that generally determines such value) is or but for the occurrence of an 
Extraordinary Fund Event would have been scheduled to determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
"Hedge Fund" means the hedge fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Hedge Provider" means the party (being, inter alios, the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the Calculation 
Agent, an Affiliate or any third party) from time to time who hedges the Issuer's obligations in respect 
of the W&C Securities or where no such party actually hedges such obligations, a Hypothetical Investor, 
who shall be deemed to enter into transactions as if hedging such obligations.  The Hedge Provider will 
hold or be deemed to hold such number of Fund Shares, or enter or be deemed to enter into any agreement 
to purchase or deliver, or pay an amount linked to the performance of, such number of Fund Shares as it 
(or in the case of a Hypothetical Investor, the Calculation Agent) considers would be held by a prudent 
issuer as a hedge for its exposure under the relevant W&C Securities; 
"Hedging Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Hypothetical Investor" means a hypothetical or actual investor (as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in the context of the relevant situation) in a Fund Share which is deemed to have the benefits and

--- Page 231 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
231 
 
 
obligations, as provided in the relevant Fund Documents, of an investor holding a Fund Share at the 
relevant time.  The Hypothetical Investor may be deemed by the Calculation Agent to be resident or 
organised in any jurisdiction, and to be, without limitation, the Issuer, the Guarantor, if any, the 
Calculation Agent or any of their affiliates (as determined by the Calculation Agent in the context of the 
relevant situation); 
"Implied Embedded Option Value" means an amount which may never be less than zero equal to the 
present value as at the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date of any future payments 
under the W&C Securities determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion taking 
into account, without limitation, such factors as interest rates, the net proceeds achievable from the sale 
of any Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider, the volatility of the Fund Shares and transaction costs; 
"Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date" means the date determined by the Calculation 
Agent to be the first date on which it is possible to determine the Implied Embedded Option Value 
following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event for which the Issuer determines the relevant 
action is to be Termination; 
"Initial Calculation Date" means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so 
specified, the Hedging Date; 
"Merger Event" means, in respect of any relevant Shares and Entity (as defined below), any: 
(a) 
reclassification or change of such Shares that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of such Shares outstanding to another entity or person,  
(b) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity with 
or into another entity or person (other than a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding 
share/unit/interest exchange in which such Entity, is the continuing entity and which does not 
result in a reclassification or change of all of such Shares outstanding),  
(c) 
takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event by any entity 
or person to purchase or otherwise obtain 100 per cent. of the outstanding Shares of an Entity 
that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable commitment to transfer all such Shares (other than 
such Shares owned or controlled by such other entity or person), or  
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding share/unit/interest exchange of an Entity or its 
subsidiaries with or into another entity in which the Entity is the continuing entity and which 
does not result in a reclassification or change of all such Shares outstanding but results in the 
outstanding Shares (other than Shares owned or controlled by such other entity) immediately 
prior to such event collectively representing less than 50 per cent. of the outstanding Shares 
immediately following such event, in each case if the Extraordinary Fund Event Effective Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, is on or before the Final Calculation Date.  For the 
purposes of this definition "Merger Event" only, "Shares" shall mean the applicable Fund 
Shares or the shares of any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context may require, and 
"Entity" shall mean the applicable Fund or any applicable Fund Service Provider, as the context 
may require. 
"Mutual Fund" means the mutual fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"NAV per Fund Share" means, with respect to the relevant Fund Shares and the Fund Reporting Date 
relating to such Fund Shares, (i) the net asset value per Fund Share as of the relevant Fund Valuation 
Date, as reported on such Fund Reporting Date by the Fund Service Provider that generally publishes or 
reports such value on behalf of the Fund to its investors or a publishing service, or (ii) if the Fund Service 
Provider of the Fund publishes or reports only the aggregate net asset value of the Fund Shares, the net

--- Page 232 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
232 
 
 
asset value per Fund Share calculated by the Calculation Agent on the basis of such aggregate net asset 
value of the Fund Shares divided by the number of Fund Shares issued and outstanding as of the relevant 
Fund Valuation Date; 
"NAV Trigger Event" means, in respect of the Fund Shares, that (i) the NAV per Fund Share has 
decreased by an amount equal to, or greater than, the NAV Trigger Percentage(s) at any time during the 
related NAV Trigger Period, or (ii) the Fund has violated any leverage restriction that is applicable to, or 
affecting, such Fund or its assets by operation of any law, any order or judgement of any court or other 
agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets, the Fund Documents or any other contractual 
restriction binding on or affecting the Fund or any of its assets; 
"NAV Trigger Percentage" means the percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so 
specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund 50 per cent., or (ii) a Hedge Fund 50 per cent.; 
"NAV Trigger Period" means the period specified in the applicable Final Terms, or if not so specified 
the period from and including the Initial Calculation Date to and including the Final Calculation Date; 
"Non-Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per W&C Security equal to the 
Implied Embedded Option Value; 
"Number of NAV Publication Days" means the number of calendar days specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or if not so specified, with respect to (i) a Mutual Fund, 5 calendar days, or (ii) a Hedge 
Fund, 10 calendar days; 
"Principal Protected Termination Amount" means an amount per W&C Security determined as the 
sum of: 
(a) 
the Protected Amount; and 
(b) 
the Implied Embedded Option Value; 
"Protected Amount" means the present value of a hypothetical zero coupon bond reflecting the principal 
protection feature of the W&C Securities as of the Implied Embedded Option Value Determination Date, 
as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Private Equity Fund" means the private equity fund(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Tender Offer" means a takeover offer, tender offer, exchange offer, solicitation, proposal or other event 
by any entity or person that results in such entity or person purchasing, or otherwise obtaining or having 
the right to obtain, by conversion or other means, greater than 50 per cent. and less than 100 per cent. of 
the outstanding voting shares, units or interests of the Fund or Fund Service Provider, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent, based upon the making of filings with governmental or self-regulatory agencies 
or such other information as the Calculation Agent deems relevant;  
"Termination Amount" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms or if not so specified, 
(i) in the case of Certificates, (x) the Principal Protected Termination Amount, or (y) the Non-Principal 
Protected Termination Amount, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or (ii) in the case of Warrants, 
an amount equal to the Implied Embedded Option Value (if any); 
"Termination Date" means the date determined by the Issuer as provided herein and specified in the 
notice given to Holders in accordance with Fund Security Condition 4.2(d); 
"Trade Date" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 233 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
233 
 
 
2. 
Extraordinary Fund Events 
Subject to the provisions of Fund Security Condition 3 (Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events), 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means the occurrence or continuance at any time on or after the Trade 
Date of any of the following events as determined by the Calculation Agent: 
Global Events: 
2.1 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider (i) ceases trading and/or, in the case of a Fund Service 
Provider, ceases administration, portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime 
brokerage, or any other relevant business (as applicable) (ii)is dissolved or has a resolution 
passed, or there is any proposal, for its dissolution, winding-up, official liquidation (other than 
pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (iii)makes a general assignment or 
arrangement with or for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)(1) institutes or has instituted against it, 
by a regulator, supervisor or any similar official with primary insolvency, rehabilitative or 
regulatory jurisdiction over it in the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organisation or the 
jurisdiction of its head or home office, a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law 
affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation by it or 
such regulator, supervisor or similar official, or (2) has instituted against it a proceeding seeking 
a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency 
law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up 
or liquidation, and such proceeding or petition is instituted or presented by a person or entity 
not described in sub-clause (iv)(1) above and either (x) results in a judgment of insolvency or 
bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or 
liquidation or (y) is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; (v)seeks or 
becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, 
receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets; 
(vi)has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not immediately dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained; or (vii)causes or is subject to 
any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an effect 
analogous to any of the events specified in sub-clauses (i) to (vi) above; or 
2.2 
the occurrence of a Merger Event or Tender Offer; 
Litigation/Fraudulent Activity Events: 
2.3 
there exists any litigation against the Fund or a Fund Service Provider which in the sole and 
absolute discretion of the Calculation Agent could materially affect the value of the Fund Shares 
or the rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.4 
(i) an allegation of criminal or fraudulent activity is made in respect of the Fund, or any Fund 
Service Provider, or any employee of any such entity, or the Calculation Agent reasonably 
determines that any such criminal or fraudulent activity has occurred, or (ii) any investigative, 
judicial, administrative or other civil or criminal proceedings is commenced or is threatened 
against the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any key personnel of such entities if such 
allegation, determination, suspicion or proceedings could, in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, materially affect the value of the Fund Shares or the rights or remedies 
of any investor in such Fund Shares; 
Fund Service Provider/Key Person Events:

--- Page 234 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
234 
 
 
2.5 
(i) a Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity in relation to the Fund and is not 
immediately replaced in such capacity by a successor acceptable to the Calculation Agent and/or 
(ii) any event occurs which causes, or will with the passage of time (in the opinion of the 
Calculation Agent) cause, the failure of the Fund and/or any Fund Service Provider to meet or 
maintain any obligation or undertaking under the Fund Documents which failure is reasonably 
likely to have an adverse impact on the value of the Fund Shares or on the rights or remedies of 
any investor in such Fund Shares; or 
2.6 
one or more of the key individuals involved with, or having supervision over, the Fund or a 
Fund Service Provider ceases to act in such capacity, and the relevant Fund Service Provider 
fails to appoint a replacement having similar qualifications to those of the key individual or 
individuals ceasing to act; 
Modification Events: 
2.7 
a material modification of or deviation from any of the investment objectives, investment 
restrictions, investment process or investment guidelines of the Fund (howsoever described, 
including the underlying type of assets in which the Fund invests), from those set out in the 
Fund Documents, or any announcement regarding a potential modification or deviation, except 
where such modification or deviation is of a formal, minor or technical nature; 
2.8 
a material modification, cancellation or disappearance (howsoever described), or any 
announcement regarding a potential future material modification, cancellation or disappearance 
(howsoever described), of the type of assets (i) in which the Fund invests, or (ii) the Fund 
purports to track; 
2.9 
a material modification, or any announcement regarding a potential future material 
modification, of the Fund (including but not limited to a material modification of the Fund 
Documents or to the Fund's liquidity terms) other than a modification or event which does not 
affect the Fund Shares or the Fund or any portfolio of assets to which the Fund Share relates 
(either alone or in common with other Fund Shares issued by the Fund); 
2.10 
the creation by the Fund of any illiquid share class or unit howsoever described; 
2.11 
the currency denomination of the Fund Shares is amended from that set out in the Fund 
Documents so that the NAV per Fund Share is no longer calculated in the same currency as it 
was as at the Trade Date; 
2.12 
if applicable, the Fund ceases to be an undertaking for collective investments under the 
legislation of its relevant jurisdiction; or 
2.13 
following the issue or creation of a new class or series (howsoever described in the Fund 
Documents) of shares or units by the Fund, the Calculation Agent determines taking into 
consideration the potential cross-liability between classes of shares or units (howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents) that such new class or series has or may have an adverse 
effect on the hedging activities of the Hedge Provider in relation to the W&C Securities;  
NAV per Fund Share/AUM Level Events: 
2.14 
a material modification of the method of calculating the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.15 
any change in the periodicity of the calculation or the publication of the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.16 
any suspension of the calculation or publication of the NAV per Fund Share;

--- Page 235 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
235 
 
 
2.17 
the occurrence of any event affecting a Fund Share that, in the sole and absolute discretion of 
the Calculation Agent, would make it impossible or impracticable for the Calculation Agent to 
determine the NAV per Fund Share; 
2.18 
any of the Fund, any Fund Service Provider or any other party acting on behalf of the Fund fails 
for any reason to calculate and publish the NAV per Fund Share within the Number of NAV 
Publication Days following any date scheduled for the determination of the valuation of the 
Fund Shares unless the cause of such failure to publish is of a technical nature and outside the 
immediate and direct control of the entity responsible for such publication; 
2.19 
any Fund Service Provider uses asset prices provided by the investment manager (howsoever 
described in the Fund Documents) to calculate the NAV per Fund Share when such asset prices 
could have been obtained from independent sources and the asset prices from independent 
sources materially diverge from the asset prices provided by the investment manager 
(howsoever described in the Fund Documents); 
2.20 
the assets under management of the Fund falls below the AUM Level; 
2.21 
(i) the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per Fund Share is inaccurate, 
or (ii) the reported net asset value of the Fund Shares misrepresents the net asset value of the 
Fund Shares; 
2.22 
a NAV Trigger Event occurs; or 
2.23 
(i) in the case of a Hedge Fund only, the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV 
per Fund Share is different from the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per 
Fund Share communicated by the relevant Fund Service Provider in respect of the same date, 
(ii) the auditors of the Fund qualify any audit report, or refuse to provide an unqualified audit 
report, in respect of the Fund, and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent, in its sole and absolute 
discretion, does not deem the audited net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share to be representative of the actual net asset value of the Fund and/or the NAV per Fund 
Share; 
Reporting Events: 
2.24 
any failure of the Fund, or its authorised representative, to deliver or publish, or cause to be 
delivered or published, (i) information that the Fund has agreed to deliver or publish, or agreed 
to cause to be delivered or published, to the Calculation Agent or Hedge Provider, or (ii) 
information that has been previously delivered to the Hedge Provider or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, in accordance with the Fund's, or its authorised representative's, normal practice 
and that the Hedge Provider deems necessary for it or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, to 
monitor such Fund's compliance with any investment guidelines, asset allocation methodologies 
or any other similar policies relating to the Fund Share; or 
2.25 
any Fund Service Provider fails to provide the Calculation Agent, within a reasonable time, with 
any information that the Calculation Agent has reasonably requested regarding the investment 
portfolio or other activities or undertakings of the Fund; 
Tax/Law/Accounting/Regulatory Events: 
2.26 
there is a change in or in the official interpretation or administration of any laws or regulations 
relating to taxation that has or is likely to have a material adverse effect on any hedging 
arrangements entered into by any Hedge Provider in respect of the W&C Securities (a "Tax 
Event") and, subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period of one calendar

--- Page 236 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
236 
 
 
month following the day the relevant Tax Event became known to it, used reasonable efforts to 
mitigate the material adverse effect of the Tax Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense 
of any kind and the period set out above for such mitigation shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes apparent at any time that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
Tax Event; or 
2.27 
(i) any relevant activities of or in relation to the Fund or a Fund Service Provider are or become 
unlawful, illegal or otherwise prohibited in whole or in part as a result of compliance with any 
present or future law, regulation, judgment, order or directive of any governmental, 
administrative, legislative or judicial authority or power, or in the interpretation thereof, in any 
applicable jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, any cancellation, suspension or revocation 
of the registration or approval of the Fund by any governmental, legal or regulatory entity with 
authority over the Fund), (ii) a relevant authorisation or licence is revoked, lapses or is under 
review by a competent authority in respect of the Fund or a Fund Service Provider or new 
conditions are imposed, or existing conditions varied, with respect to any such authorisation or 
licence, (iii) the Fund is required by a competent authority to redeem any Fund Shares, (iv) the 
Hedge Provider is required by a competent authority or any other relevant entity to dispose of 
or compulsorily redeem any Fund Shares held in connection with any hedging arrangements 
relating to the W&C Securities and/or (v) any change in the legal, tax, accounting or regulatory 
treatment of the Fund or any Fund Service Provider that is reasonably likely to have an adverse 
impact on the value of the Fund Shares or other activities or undertakings of the Fund or on the 
rights or remedies of any investor in such Fund Shares, including any Hedge Provider;  
Hedging/Impracticality/Increased Costs Events: 
2.28 
in connection with any hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, as a result of any 
adoption of, or any change in, any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever described, 
after the Trade Date, or issuance of any directive or promulgation of, or any change in the 
interpretation, whether formal or informal, by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body of any law, order, regulation, decree or notice, howsoever 
described, after such date or as a result of any other relevant event (each a "Relevant Event") (i) 
it would become unlawful or impractical for the Hedge Provider to hold (including, without 
limitation, circumstances requiring the Hedge Provider to modify any reserve, special deposit, 
or similar requirement or that would adversely affect the amount of regulatory capital that would 
have to be maintained in respect of any holding of Fund Shares or that would subject a holder 
of the Fund Shares or the Hedge Provider to any loss), purchase or sell the relevant Fund Shares 
or any underlying assets of or related to the Fund or for the Hedge Provider to maintain such 
hedging arrangements and, (ii) subject as provided below, the Hedge Provider has, for a period 
of one calendar week following the day the Relevant Event became known to it, used reasonable 
efforts to mitigate the effect of the Relevant Event by seeking to transfer such hedging 
arrangements to an affiliated company, provided that the Hedge Provider shall not under any 
circumstances be obliged to take any steps which would result in sustaining a loss or expense 
of any kind and the period of one calendar week set out above shall be deemed satisfied on any 
date it is or becomes at any time apparent that there is no practicable means of mitigating the 
Relevant Event; 
2.29 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, if the cost to the 
Hedge Provider in relation to the W&C Securities and the related hedging arrangements 
(including, but not limited to, new or increased taxes, duties, expenses or fees) would be 
materially increased or the Hedge Provider would be subject to a material loss relating to the 
W&C Securities and the related hedging arrangements;

--- Page 237 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
237 
 
 
2.30 
in connection with the hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, the Hedge Provider 
is unable or it becomes impractical for the Hedge Provider, to (i) acquire, establish, re-establish, 
substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction or asset it deems necessary to hedge 
the Issuer's obligations under the W&C Securities or (ii) to realise, recover or remit the proceeds 
of any such transaction or asset, including, without limitation, where such inability or 
impracticability has arisen by reason of (A) any restrictions or increase in charges or fees 
imposed by the Fund on any investor's ability to redeem a Fund Share, in whole or in part, or 
any existing or new investor's ability to make new or additional investments in such Fund Share, 
or (B) any mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, of such Fund Share;  
2.31 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates would incur an 
increased (as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, 
capital and/or funding costs, expense or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to maintain the 
W&C Securities; or 
2.32 
at any time on or after the Trade Date, the Hedge Provider directly or indirectly acquires or 
retains any ownership interest in or sponsors a covered fund that is not subject to an exemption 
under 12 U.S.C. § 1851 (the "U.S. Volcker Rule"); or 
2.33 
at any time on or after the Trade Date of the first issue of the Series, (i) the Hedge Provider 
unintentionally acquires directly or indirectly any ownership interest in a Fund that exceeds 10 
per cent. of the total assets under management or (ii) as a consequence of changes in the 
performance, size, investment strategy or liquidity of a Fund, the Hedge Provider holds an 
ownership interest in such Fund that exceeds 10 per cent. of the total assets under management; 
Dealing Events:  
2.34 
(i) the non-execution or partial-execution by the Fund for any reason of a subscription or 
redemption order in respect of any Fund Shares (including, for the avoidance of any doubt, any 
non-execution by the Fund pending completion of its fiscal audit) (ii) the Fund suspends or 
refuses transfers of any of its Fund Shares (including, without limitation, if the Fund applies 
any gating, deferral, suspension or other similar provisions permitting the Fund to delay or 
refuse redemption or transfer of Fund Shares), (iii) the Fund imposes in whole or in part any 
restriction (including, without limitation, any redemption in specie), charge or fee in respect of 
a redemption or subscription of its Fund Shares by the Hedge Provider or exercises its right to 
claw back the proceeds already paid on redeemed Fund Shares, if in any case it could in the 
determination of the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, have an adverse impact on the Hedge Provider's rights or obligations in relation to its 
hedging activities in relation to the W&C Securities, or (iv) a mandatory redemption, in whole 
or in part, of the Fund Shares is imposed by the Fund on any one or more holders of Fund Shares 
at any time for any reason; 
Miscellaneous Events: 
2.35 
in the case of W&C Securities linked to a Fund Basket, a Basket Trigger Event occurs;  
2.36 
the Fund or any Fund Service Provider defaults under, materially modifies, or terminates any 
rebate agreements in place with the Issuer, the Hedge Provider or any of its Affiliates; 
2.37 
if the Fund is part of an umbrella structure with more than one sub-fund, a cross-contamination 
or other failure to segregate the portfolio of assets held by the Fund occurs between different 
series, classes and/or sub-funds;

--- Page 238 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
238 
 
 
2.38 
any security granted by the Fund or any Fund Service Provider over any of its assets is enforced 
or becomes capable of being enforced or any arrangement which in the determination of the 
Calculation Agent is comparable to security over any such assets (including without limitation 
any repo or prime brokerage arrangement) becomes enforceable or capable of early termination 
or any derivatives, repo, securities lending or other trading or dealing arrangement relating to 
the assets of the Fund becomes enforceable or terminable early by reason of any event of default 
(howsoever described) relating to the Fund or the relevant Fund Service Provider; or 
2.39 
the long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund 
Service Provider or any parent company (howsoever described) of the Fund, by Moody's 
Investors Service Inc., or any successor to the ratings business thereof ("Moody's"), and/or 
Standard and Poor's Rating Group (a division of McGraw-Hill, Inc.), or any successor to the 
ratings business thereof ("S&P"), is downgraded below A (S&P) or A2 (Moody's) and/or the 
short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt rating assigned to any Fund 
Service Provider by Moody's or S&P is downgraded below A-1 (S&P) or P-1 (Moody's). 
References solely in this Fund Security Condition 2 (Extraordinary Fund Events) to: 
(i) 
"Fund" shall include the Fund and any funds in which it invests any of its investible assets from 
time to time; and 
(ii) 
"Fund Shares" shall include the Fund Shares and the shares or units in any Fund (as defined in 
paragraph (i) above). 
3. 
Determination of Extraordinary Fund Events 
The Calculation Agent will determine if an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner. Where the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances is 
capable of triggering more than one Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may determine which 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be triggered. 
In considering whether the occurrence of an event or set of circumstances triggers an Extraordinary Fund 
Event, the Calculation Agent may have regard to the combined effect, from the Trade Date, of any event 
or set of circumstances, as the case may be, if such event or set of circumstances occurs more than once. 
4. 
Consequences of an Extraordinary Fund Event 
4.1 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Extraordinary Fund Event has occurred, the Calculation 
Agent may, on or prior to the date on which such Extraordinary Fund Event is no longer continuing, give 
notice ("Extraordinary Fund Event Notice") to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), of the occurrence of such Extraordinary Fund Event (the date on which an 
Extraordinary Fund Event Notice is given, an "Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date") and set out, 
if determined at that time, the action that it has determined to take in respect of the Extraordinary Fund 
Event pursuant to Fund Security Condition 4.2 below.  Where the action that the Issuer has determined 
to take is not, for whatever reason, set out in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice, the action that the 
Issuer has determined to take shall be set out in a subsequent notice given to Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10 as soon as reasonably practicable after the Extraordinary Fund Event Notification Date. 
For such purposes, an Extraordinary Fund Event shall be considered to be "continuing" if it has not been 
remedied to the reasonable satisfaction of the Issuer. 
The Calculation Agent shall provide Holders with an Extraordinary Fund Event Notice as soon as 
reasonably practicable following the determination of an Extraordinary Fund Event.  However, neither 
the Issuer nor the Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss, underperformance or opportunity

--- Page 239 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
239 
 
 
cost suffered or incurred by any Holder or any other person in connection with the W&C Securities as a 
result of any delay, howsoever arising. If the Calculation Agent gives an Extraordinary Fund Event 
Notice, the Issuer shall have no obligation to make any payment in respect of the W&C Securities until 
the Issuer has determined the action that it has determined to take pursuant to Fund Security Condition 
4.2 below. 
4.2 
Following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer may take the action described below 
in (a), (b), (c) or (d). 
(a) 
No Action 
If the Issuer, in its sole and absolute discretion, determines that the action to be taken in respect of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "No Action", then the Fund Securities shall continue and there shall 
be no amendment to the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
Adjustment 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Adjustment", then the Calculation Agent may determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the 
appropriate adjustment(s), if any, to be made to any one or more Fund, Fund Share and/or the Weighting 
and/or (in the case of Warrants) the Exercise Price and/or any of the other terms of these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms (including adjusting any Fee) to take account of the 
Extraordinary Fund Event and determine the effective date of such adjustment. 
(c) 
Substitution 
If the Issuer determines that the action in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be "Substitution", 
the Calculation Agent shall: 
(i) 
determine the weighted average price at which a Hypothetical Investor can redeem the Fund 
Shares in the relevant Fund in such number as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion as soon as it is reasonably practicable following the Extraordinary Fund 
Event; 
(ii) 
for a period of not longer than 14 calendar days following the date on which a Hypothetical 
Investor would have received proceeds from a redemption order in full submitted by the Hedge 
Provider as soon as practicable following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund Shares with shares, units or other similar interests in 
an alternative fund which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent acting in good faith 
and a commercially reasonable manner, has similar characteristics to the relevant Fund, 
including but not limited to, comparable investment objectives, investment restrictions and 
investment processes and has service providers acceptable to the Calculation Agent; 
(iii) 
if no alternative fund can be determined pursuant to the preceding sub-paragraph (ii) above, use 
reasonable efforts to substitute the Fund with an index (or a fund tracking such index) selected 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion; and 
(iv) 
following any substitution in accordance with sub-paragraph (ii) or (iii) above, the Issuer may 
require the Calculation Agent make such determinations and/or adjustments to these Terms and 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms as it determines to be appropriate to take account of such 
Substitution. 
(d) 
Termination

--- Page 240 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR FUND SECURITIES 
 
240 
 
 
If the Issuer determines that the action to be taken in respect of the Extraordinary Fund Event is to be 
"Termination", on giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (which such notice may be 
included in the Extraordinary Fund Event Notice in respect of the relevant Extraordinary Fund Event and 
will specify the Termination Date), (i) in the case of Warrants, all but not some only of the outstanding 
Fund Securities shall be cancelled by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date, or 
(ii) in the case of Certificates, all but not some only of the outstanding Fund Securities shall be redeemed 
by payment of the Termination Amount on the Termination Date, subject, in the case of both (i) and (ii), 
to Fund Security Condition 5.  Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders 
in accordance with Condition 10. 
(e) 
General 
In determining to take a particular action as a result of an Extraordinary Fund Event, the Issuer is under 
no duty to consider the interests of Holders or any other person.  In making any determination as to which 
action to take following the occurrence of an Extraordinary Fund Event, neither the Issuer nor the 
Calculation Agent shall be responsible for any loss (including any liability in respect of interest), 
underperformance or opportunity cost suffered or incurred by Holders or any other person in connection 
with the W&C Securities as a result thereof, howsoever arising including as a result of any delay in 
making any payment or delivery in respect of the W&C Securities. 
5. 
Settlement Date/Redemption Date/Termination Date Extension 
If on the date falling two Business Days prior to the originally designated Settlement Date, Redemption 
Date or Termination Date, as the case may be, the Hedge Provider has not, after having placed one or 
more redemption orders in respect of its holding of Fund Shares in accordance with the terms of the 
relevant Fund Documents, received redemption proceeds in full in respect of such Fund Shares (the 
"Redemption Proceeds"), the Calculation Agent may postpone the Settlement Date, Redemption Date 
or Termination Date, as the case may be, and notify the Holders thereof in accordance with Condition 10. 
As soon as practicable following receipt by the Hedge Provider of the Redemption Proceeds the 
Calculation Agent shall give notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10 (such notice the 
"Delayed Payment Notice") and cancel (in the case of Warrants) or redeem (in the case of Certificates) 
the W&C Securities on the date falling not more than five Business Days following the receipt of the 
Delayed Payment Notice (such date, the "Postponed Settlement Date") by payment to each Holder of 
the Cash Settlement Amount or the Termination Amount, as the case may be, provided that, if the Hedge 
Provider does not receive the Redemption Proceeds within the period ending on the Delayed Payment 
Cut-off Date, the Postponed Settlement Date shall be the Delayed Payment Cut-off Date.

--- Page 241 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
241 
 
 
ANNEX 7 
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
If specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the terms and conditions applicable to W&C Securities 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as Market Access Securities shall comprise the terms and conditions of 
the W&C Securities (the "Conditions") and the additional Terms and Conditions set out below (the "Market 
Access Security Conditions"), in each case together with other additional terms and conditions specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and subject to completion in the applicable Final Terms.  In the event of any inconsistency 
between (i) the Conditions and (ii) the Market Access Security Conditions, the Market Access Security Conditions 
set out below shall prevail.   
1. 
Interim Payment Amount/Interim Coupon Amount 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
The Issuer will pay an amount in cash in respect of each W&C Security equal to any then unpaid 
Interim Payment Amount or Interim Coupon Amount in accordance with this Market Access 
Security Condition 1. 
(b) 
The Issuer will, or will cause the Calculation Agent to (i) provide written notice to the Principal 
Security Agent as soon as reasonably practicable after any Applicable Cash Dividend Amount 
or any Applicable Cash Coupon Amount, or any Applicable Cash Distribution Amount, as 
applicable, is received by a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it, of the Interim Payment 
Amount or the Interim Coupon Amount to be paid with respect to each W&C Security in 
relation thereto, and (ii) pay such Interim Payment Amount or the Interim Coupon Amount to 
the Agent in time for payment to the Holders on the Interim Payment Date or the Interim Coupon 
Date, as applicable. 
(c) 
Payment of an Interim Payment Amount or an Interim Coupon Amount shall be made to the 
Holder on the applicable Interim Payment Date or Interim Coupon Date.  If the Share Company 
or the Basket Company or the Security Issuer, as applicable, fails to deliver to a Qualified 
Investor entitled to receive it any Applicable Cash Dividend Amount or any Applicable Cash 
Coupon Amount or any Applicable Cash Distribution Amount, as applicable, before the 120th 
day after the earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the Expiration Date (in the case of 
Warrants), or Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates) (the "Applicable Cash Dividend 
Failure Date" or "Applicable Cash Coupon Failure Date" or "Applicable Cash Distribution 
Failure Date"), the Holders will receive no payment in respect of any such unpaid Applicable 
Cash Dividend Amount or Applicable Cash Coupon Amount or any Applicable Cash 
Distribution Amount, and the Issuer will, or will cause the Calculation Agent to, provide written 
notice to the Agent promptly after such Applicable Cash Dividend Failure Date or the 
Applicable Cash Coupon Failure Date or the Applicable Cash Distribution Failure Date. 
(d) 
The Calculation Agent will determine the Interim Payment Amount or the Interim Coupon 
Amount, if any, of the W&C Securities in its discretion acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
(e) 
Definitions relating to Interim Payment Amount/Interim Coupon Amount 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
"Applicable Cash Coupon Amount" shall mean the net cash coupon on one Debt Instrument, paid to a 
Qualified Investor entitled to receive it in respect of any single declaration of cash interests, expressed

--- Page 242 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
242 
 
 
in the Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent, the Coupon Payment Dates for which 
falls during the period from and including the Issue Date to and including 10.00 a.m. Brussels or 
Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on either the earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the Expiration 
Date (in the case of Warrants) or the Redemption Date or any earlier date on which the relevant 
Certificate becomes due for redemption (in the case of Certificates), in respect of W&C Securities held 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Applicable Cash Distribution Amount" shall mean the (i) net cash distribution or (ii) net sale proceeds 
of any property in respect of one Share, paid to a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it in respect of 
any single cash distribution or sale, expressed in the Settlement Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the record or effective date for which falls during the period from and including the 
Issue Date to and including 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time (as appropriate) on the earliest of 
any Actual Exercise Date and the Expiration Date (in the case of Warrants), or the Redemption Date or 
any earlier date on which the relevant Certificate becomes due for redemption (in the case of Certificates), 
in respect of W&C Securities held through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Applicable Cash Dividend Amount" shall mean the net cash dividend on one Share, paid to a Qualified 
Investor entitled to receive it in respect of any single declaration of cash dividends, expressed in the 
Settlement Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent, the ex-dividend date for which falls during 
the period from and including the Issue Date to and including 10.00 a.m. Brussels or Luxembourg time 
(as appropriate) on the earliest of any Actual Exercise Date and the Expiration Date (in the case of 
Warrants), or either the Redemption Date or any earlier date on which the relevant Certificate becomes 
due for redemption (in the case of Certificates), in respect of W&C Securities held through Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg; 
"Coupon Payment Dates" means the dates falling after the Issue Date on which the Security Issuer is 
scheduled to pay interest on the Debt Instruments, which is specified in the Final Terms; 
"Debt Instruments Amount" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 5, the number of 
underlying Debt Instruments per W&C Security as specified in the Final Terms; 
"Interim Coupon Amount" shall mean an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of 
(a) any Applicable Cash Coupon Amount and (b) the Debt Instruments Amount applicable on the relevant 
Coupon Payment Date (net of any and all withholding taxes based upon the maximum statutory rates (or 
any other rate specified in the Final Terms) applicable to a Qualified Investor in connection with the 
receipt of such interest); 
"Interim Coupon Date" means the fifth Business Day following the date the relevant Applicable Cash 
Coupon Amount is received by a Qualified Investor entitled to receive it; 
"Interim Payment Amount" shall mean an amount in the Settlement Currency equal to the product of 
(a) any Applicable Cash Dividend Amount or any Applicable Cash Distribution Amount, as applicable, 
and (b) the Share Amount applicable on the relevant ex-dividend date (or in the case of Share Securities 
linked to GDRs or ADRs, the Share Amount applicable on the relevant record date in respect of the 
Shares (net of any and all withholding taxes based upon the maximum statutory rates (or any other rate 
specified in the Final Terms) applicable to a Qualified Investor in connection with the receipt of such 
dividends or distributions); 
"Interim Payment Date" means the fifth Business Day following the date the relevant Applicable Cash 
Dividend Amount or Applicable Cash Distribution Amount, as applicable, is received by a Qualified 
Investor entitled to receive it; 
"Security Issuer" means, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 5, the issuer of the Debt 
Instrument; and

--- Page 243 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
243 
 
 
"Share Amount" shall mean, subject to adjustment in accordance with Annex 3, the number of 
underlying Shares per W&C Security as specified in the Final Terms. 
2. 
Potential Adjustment Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Share Security Condition 3. shall be amended by the 
addition of the following at the end of the penultimate paragraph: 
Any adjustment to the terms of the W&C Securities following a Potential Adjustment Event shall take 
into account the economic cost of any taxes, duties, levies, fees or registration payable by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or any of their relevant affiliates or a Qualified Investor charged on subscription, acquisition 
or receipt (sale or disposal) of any Shares or other securities received as a result of the Potential 
Adjustment Event, such calculations to be determined and carried out by the Calculation Agent acting in 
good faith.  In respect of an event as set out in paragraph (b) of the definition of Potential Adjustment 
Event (as amended by Share Security Condition 11), in lieu of making any adjustment to the terms of the 
W&C Securities in accordance with Share Security Condition 3, the Issuer or a Qualified Investor may 
exercise its discretion to sell any or all of the property a holder of the Shares should receive and pass the 
net sale proceeds to the Holders instead. 
3. 
Stock Dividends or Stock Distributions and Rights Issues 
If so specified in the Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
In the event that a stock dividend in respect of the Shares or dividend in the form of Shares (a 
"Stock Dividend") is declared by the Share Company or the Basket Company, as applicable, 
during the period from and including the Trade Date to but excluding the Settlement Date (in 
the case of Warrants) or the Redemption Date (in the case of Certificates), (or in the case of 
Share Securities linked to GDRs or ADRs, in the event that there has been any stock distribution 
(a "Stock Distribution") in respect of the Underlying Shares the record or effective date of 
which falls during the period from and including the Trade Date to but excluding either the 
Redemption Date or any earlier date on which the relevant Certificates become due for 
redemption), in lieu of making an adjustment to the W&C Securities, the Issuer may issue an 
amount of further W&C Securities (the "Further W&C Securities") to the holder of W&C 
Securities that would receive such Stock Dividend or Stock Distribution according to market 
practice in relation to a sale of Shares executed on the Business Day preceding the date of 
declaration of such Stock Dividend (or in the case of Share Securities linked to GDRs or ADRs, 
on the Business Day preceding the record or effective date in relation to such Stock Distribution) 
(if such holder of W&C Security had been the buyer in such sale) to reflect the issue of the 
Stock Dividend or Stock Distribution (as adjusted for any withholding tax or charges) 
notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the W&C Security as of the date on 
which the Further W&C Securities are issued.  Further W&C Securities issued pursuant to this 
paragraph may be issued to the holders of the W&C Securities free of charge or at an issue price 
as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner. 
(b) 
In addition, in the event that a rights issue (a "Rights Issue") in respect of the Shares is declared 
by the Share Company or the Basket Company during the period from and including the Trade 
Date to but excluding the Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) or either the Redemption 
Date or any earlier date on which the relevant Certificates become due for redemption (in the 
case of Certificates), in lieu of making an adjustment to the W&C Securities, the Issuer may 
issue an amount of Further W&C Securities to the holder of the W&C Security that would 
receive such Rights Issue according to market practice in relation to a sale of Shares executed 
on the Business Day preceding the date of declaration of such Rights Issue (or in the case of 
Share Securities linked to GDRs or ADRs, on the Business Day preceding the record or effective

--- Page 244 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
244 
 
 
date in relation to such Rights Issue) (if such holder of a W&C Security had been the buyer in 
such sale) to reflect the Rights Issue (as adjusted for any withholding tax or charges) 
notwithstanding that such person may not be the holder of the W&C Security as of the date on 
which the Further W&C Securities are issued.  Further W&C Securities issued pursuant to this 
paragraph may be issued to the holders of the W&C Securities at an issue price as determined 
by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(c) 
The Issuer may issue the Further W&C Securities, if any, to the relevant person five Business 
Days following the day on which a foreign investor would have received the relevant Stock 
Dividends or Shares upon exercise of the Rights Issue or such later date as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  Any 
determination by the Calculation Agent in respect of the persons to whom the Further W&C 
Securities should be issued shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, conclusive and 
binding on the Issuer and the holders of W&C Securities. 
(d) 
If a Holder holds more than one Security, the number of W&C Securities held by such Holder 
may be aggregated for the purposes of determining the number of Further W&C Securities to 
be issued to such Holder pursuant to the above. 
(e) 
In the event that any Further W&C Securities are to be issued at an issue price, no Holder will 
be obliged to purchase such Further W&C Securities but if such Further W&C Securities are 
not purchased pursuant to the relevant terms of offer, the Issuer shall have no further obligations 
to the relevant Holder in respect of such Stock Dividend or Rights Issue, as the case may be. 
(f) 
Upon the declaration of a Stock Dividend or a Rights Issue by the Share Company or the Basket 
Company and the election by the Issuer to issue Further W&C Securities, the Calculation Agent 
shall give notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. stating 
the declaration of the Stock Dividend or the Rights Issue, the election by the Issuer to issue 
Further W&C Securities and giving details thereof. 
4. 
Issuer's option following an Additional Disruption Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
Issuer's Option following Additional Disruption Event 
Upon the occurrence of any event that constitutes more than one of an Additional Disruption 
Event or a Market Disruption Event, the Calculation Agent shall  determine which one or more 
of such events it shall be deemed to constitute.  The Calculation Agent shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner in making such determination. 
If the Issuer decides to give notice to holders of W&C Securities of the occurrence of an 
Additional Disruption Event, it shall state in such notice whether the W&C Securities will be 
cancelled (in the case of Warrants) or redeemed (in the case of Certificates) (in whole or in part) 
pursuant to Market Access Security Condition 4(b) below or whether the Issuer's obligations 
under the W&C Securities will be suspended pursuant to Market Access Security Condition 
4(c) below.  If the Issuer elects to give notice to holders of W&C Securities of a suspension of 
its obligations under the W&C Securities pursuant to Market Access Security Condition 4(c) 
below, the Issuer shall nevertheless retain the right at all times to cancel, or redeem, as the case 
may be, the W&C Securities pursuant to Market Access Security Condition 4(b) below by 
giving notice to Holders in accordance with Condition 10. 
(b) 
Cancellation and Redemption

--- Page 245 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
245 
 
 
Upon the Issuer's election to cancel (in the case of Warrants) or redeem (in the case of 
Certificates), the W&C Securities as aforesaid (or upon expiry of the 30 day period referred to 
in paragraph (c) below), the Issuer will, in respect of each and every Warrant cancelled or 
Certificate redeemed (each a "Cancelled Security") cause to be paid to the holders of W&C 
Securities an amount determined to be the fair market value of the Cancelled Security as at 
cancellation or redemption, as the case may be, (which may be nil) taking into consideration all 
information which the Calculation Agent deems relevant (including the circumstances that 
resulted in the occurrence of the Additional Disruption Event) less the cost to the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates of unwinding any related hedging arrangements (including but not limited to selling 
or otherwise realising the Shares or the Debt Instruments or any options or futures contracts in 
relation to the Shares or the Debt Instruments), all as determined by the Calculation Agent in 
its discretion acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  At the election of 
the Issuer such payment may be made in the Local Currency in the Relevant Jurisdiction, in 
which case the holders of W&C Securities will have responsibility for establishing an account 
in the Relevant Jurisdiction in order to receive such payments; provided that if it is impracticable 
or unlawful for the Issuer to pay such amount in the Relevant Jurisdiction, or the relevant holders 
of W&C Securities do not establish the necessary account in the Relevant Jurisdiction, to receive 
payment(s) in the currency the Issuer elects, the Issuer shall not be obliged to make payment of 
any such amounts so affected, as applicable.  Payment will be made, as the case may be, in such 
manner as shall be notified to the holders of W&C Securities in accordance with Condition 10. 
(c) 
Suspension 
Upon the Issuer's election to suspend the W&C Securities, the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the W&C Securities may be suspended up until the tenth day after such Additional Disruption 
Event shall cease to exist.  In the event that such date shall not have arisen before the date which 
falls 30 days after the Settlement Date (in the case of Warrants) or either the Redemption Date 
or any earlier date on which the Certificates become due for redemption (in the case of 
Certificates), the W&C Securities shall be cancelled or redeemed, as the case may be, in each 
case, pursuant to paragraph (b) above. 
(d) 
Conclusive Determination 
All determinations made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to this Market Access 
Security Condition 4 shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders and the Issuer.  No holders 
of W&C Securities will be entitled to any compensation from the Issuer for any loss suffered as 
a result of the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event. 
5. 
Regulatory Change Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
Upon the occurrence of a Regulatory Change Event, the Calculation Agent will (a) make the 
corresponding adjustment, if any, to any one or more of any Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) 
and/or Share Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount and/or any of the other terms of the Terms and 
Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms as the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines appropriate to account for the effect of such Regulatory Change Event and (b) determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. 
Upon the making of any such adjustment by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent shall give 
notice as soon as practicable to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10, stating the adjustment to 
any Exercise Price (in the case of Warrants) and/or Share Amount and/or the Cash Settlement Amount 
and/or any of the other terms of the Terms and Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms and giving 
brief details of the Regulatory Change Event.

--- Page 246 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
246 
 
 
"Regulatory Change Event" means any event which, in the determination of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, constitutes: 
(a) 
the adoption of, change in or change in the interpretation or administration of, any law, rule or 
regulation by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency ("governmental 
authority"); and/or 
(b) 
the compliance by the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates with any request or directive of any 
governmental authority (whether or not having the force of law), 
and which (i) imposes, modifies, applies or eliminates any tax, reserve, special deposit, insurance 
assessment or any other requirement in respect of assets or deposits of the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates in respect of (A) the issue and/or exercise (in the case of Warrants) or redemption (in the case 
of Certificates) of the W&C Securities or (B) any transaction entered into by the Issuer and/or any of its 
affiliates to hedge, either directly or indirectly, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the W&C 
Securities; and/or (ii) affects in any other way the cost to the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates of: (I) the 
issue and/or exercise (in the case of Warrants) or redemption (in the case of Certificates) of W&C 
Securities; and/or (II) hedging, either directly or indirectly, the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
W&C Securities. 
6. 
Early Cancellation Event 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
In the event that in the determination of the Calculation Agent, the Debt Instruments (in whole 
or in part) (x) become due and repayable by reason of a default in payment, an event of default 
or any similar credit event of the Security Issuer, or (y) become due and repayable on a date 
prior to its maturity date (other than by reason of any default), or (z) become subject to 
conversion into underlying shares or stock (each an "Early Cancellation Event"), the Issuer 
will be entitled to: 
(i) 
cancel (in the case of Warrants) or redeem (in the case of Certificates), the W&C 
Securities by giving notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10. and pay 
the Early Cancellation Amount to each Holder in respect of each W&C Security held 
by him on the Early Cancellation Date; or 
(ii) 
in relation to a redemption and/or conversion in part of the Debt Instruments (a 
"Partial Early Cancellation"), require the Calculation Agent to determine whether 
such partial cancellation or redemption, as the case may be, and/or conversion affects 
the Debt Instruments held by the Issuer and/or its affiliates in order to hedge the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of the W&C Securities (the "Aggregate Hedge Position") or 
otherwise makes it impossible, impracticable or unduly onerous for the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates to hedge the Issuer's obligations in respect of the W&C Securities and, if 
so, gives notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 10, 
and: 
(x) 
pay the Early Cancellation Amount to each Holder in respect of each W&C Security 
held by him on the Early Cancellation Date; and/or 
(y) 
reduce the Debt Instruments Amount by an amount equal to the Affected Portion 
and/or require the Calculation Agent to determine (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to 
any one or more of the Settlement Price and/or any of the other terms of these

--- Page 247 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
247 
 
 
Conditions and/or the Final Terms to account for such payment and determine the 
effective date of that adjustment. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10. 
(b) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of this Market Access Security Condition 6: 
"Early Cancellation Date" means the date falling four Business Days after the date on which 
the Early Cancellation Amount is determined. 
"Early Cancellation Securities Amount" means (a) in the case of Market Access Security 
Condition 6(a)(i), the Debt Instruments Amount and (b) in the case of Market Access Security 
Condition 6(a)(ii), each Security's pro rata portion (the "Affected Portion") of the nominal 
amount of Debt Instruments comprising the Aggregate Hedge Position affected by the Partial 
Early Cancellation, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion. 
"Early Cancellation Amount" means, in respect of each W&C Security, an amount calculated 
by the Calculation Agent equal to the arithmetic average price per Early Cancellation Securities 
Amount (net of any costs), which the Issuer or its affiliate obtains in selling or otherwise 
realising the Debt Instruments (the "Sale Proceeds"), provided however that: 
(i) 
if Market Access Security Condition 6(a)(i) applies in respect of the W&C Securities, 
the Issuer may elect to pay, in lieu of the Sale Proceeds, the amount of principal which 
a Qualified Investor would have received pursuant to the terms of the Debt Instruments 
as a result of the Early Cancellation Event if it held the Early Cancellation Securities 
Amount (net of any costs, including those that would have been withheld in relation to 
payment of such cash amount to a Qualified Investor); or 
(ii) 
if Market Access Security Condition 6(a)(ii) applies in respect of the W&C Securities, 
the Issuer may elect to pay, in lieu of the Sale Proceeds, the arithmetic average price 
per Early Cancellation Securities Amount and, in the case of Warrants, net of any costs 
which the Issuer or its affiliate obtains in selling or otherwise realising the underlying 
Shares or Stock after conversion (the "Shares"), 
and in the case of Warrants, such resulting amount to be converted into the Settlement Currency 
at the Exchange Rate. 
7. 
Additional Condition 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
The Issuer may modify or amend these Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities or the applicable 
Final Terms without the consent of the Holders in any manner which the Issuer may deem necessary or 
desirable for the purpose of obtaining listing of the W&C Securities on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Paris, as the case may be, and admission to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or Euronext Paris, as the case may be, as promptly 
as practicable provided that any such modification or amendment is not materially prejudicial to the 
Holders.

--- Page 248 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
248 
 
 
8. 
Early Exercise Event 
The following provisions apply to Warrants only. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
If an Early Exercise Event (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) occurs, the Issuer shall have the 
right to accelerate the Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as applicable, of all or some only of the 
outstanding Warrants by giving notice of its election and of the number of Warrants to be early exercised 
(the "Early Cancelled Warrants") to the holders of Warrants in accordance with Condition 10.  In the 
event that the Issuer decides to exercise its right to accelerate the Exercise Date or Expiration Date, as 
applicable, of some only of the outstanding Warrants, the Issuer may, subject to the standard procedures 
of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, arrange for the Early Cancelled Warrants to be selected 
individually by lot to determine which interests in the Clearing System Global Warrant are to be subject 
to the exercise of such right. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in such case, the Issuer will, in respect of each and every Warrant, cause to 
be paid to the holder of each such Warrant the Cash Settlement Amount specified in the Final Terms. 
"Early Exercise Event" means that the price at any time on a day of the (i) Share or (ii) Debt Securities, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms is (A) "equal to", (B) "above" or (C) "below", as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Threshold Price as specified in the applicable Final Terms, as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on a day during the period from and including the Issue Date to and including 
the Expiration Date.  
9. 
W&C Securities linked to underlying shares that are yet to be listed 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
(i) 
in the case of Warrants, an Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have been delivered by 
the Holders or the Issuer may, by notice to the Holders in accordance with Condition 
10, cancel all but not some only of the Warrants if, upon the expiration of three months 
after the Expected Listing Date (as specified in the Final Terms), the Shares do not 
become listed at the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange as specified in the Final 
Terms, on or before such date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
and absolute discretion and in a commercially reasonable manner.  The Issuer will, in 
respect of each and every Warrant, cause to be paid to the holder of each such Warrant 
the Cash Settlement Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  For the purposes 
of calculating the Cash Settlement Amount pursuant to this paragraph, the Settlement 
Price shall be equal to the Issue Price per Warrant (net of any Costs); or 
(ii) 
in the case of Certificates, the Issuer may, by notice to the Holders in accordance with 
Condition 10, redeem all but not some only of the Certificates if, upon the expiration 
of three months after the Expected Listing Date (as specified in the Final Terms), the 
Shares do not become listed at the Scheduled Closing Time on the Exchange as 
specified in the Final Terms, on or before such date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion and in a commercially reasonable 
manner.  The Issuer will, in respect of each and every Certificate, cause to be paid to 
the holder of each such Certificate the Cash Settlement Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
All determinations made by the Issuer and/or Calculation Agent pursuant to the foregoing paragraph 
shall be conclusive and binding on the Holders and the Issuer.  No Holder will be entitled to any 
compensation from the Issuer for any loss suffered as a result of the Shares not becoming listed on the

--- Page 249 ---
ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR MARKET ACCESS SECURITIES 
 
249 
 
 
Exchange at the Scheduled Closing Time on or before the expiration of three months after the Expected 
Listing Date.

--- Page 250 ---
USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
250 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of W&C Securities by BNPP B.V. or BNPP will become part of the general 
funds of BNPP B.V. or BNPP, as the case may be.  Such proceeds may be used to maintain positions in options 
or futures contracts or other hedging instruments.

--- Page 251 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
251 
 
 
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
THIS GUARANTEE is made by way of deed on 31 May 2023 by BNP Paribas ("BNPP") in favour of the holders 
for the time being of the Securities (as defined below) (each a "Holder"). 
WHEREAS:  
BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. ("BNPP B.V."), BNPP and BNP Paribas Fortis Funding have established a Note, 
Warrant and Certificate Programme (the " Programme") under which, inter alia, BNPP B.V. may from time to 
time issue, inter alia, unsecured warrants and certificates governed by English law (the "Securities") of any kind 
including, but not limited to, warrants and certificates relating to a specified index or a basket of indices, a 
specified share (or Stapled Shares (as defined in Share Security Condition 1)), preference share, GDR or ADR or 
a basket of shares (or Stapled Shares), GDRs and/or ADRs, a specified interest in an exchange traded instrument 
or basket of interests in exchange traded instruments, a specified debt instrument or basket of debt instruments, a 
specified debt futures or debt options contract or basket of debt futures or debt options contracts, a specified 
commodity (including an EU Allowance) or commodity index or basket of commodities (including EU 
Allowances) and/or commodity indices, a specified inflation index or basket of inflation indices, a specified 
currency or basket of currencies, a specified currency futures contract, a specified fund share or unit or basket of 
fund shares or units, a euro fund insurance or investment policy or capitalisation contract, a specified underlying 
interest rate or basket of underlying interest rates, Credit Securities, Open End Certificates, Open End Turbo 
Certificates or Actively Managed Securities.  In respect of Securities, BNPP B.V. will not grant any security 
interest in favour of the relevant Holders.  BNPP intends to guarantee the obligations of BNPP B.V. under the 
Securities in the manner and to the extent set out herein. 
The Securities may be issued pursuant to (a) an Amended and Restated Agency Agreement (the "Agency 
Agreement", which expression includes the same as it may be amended, supplemented or restated from time to 
time) dated on or around 31 May 2023 between, inter alia, BNPP B.V., BNPP, BNP Paribas, Succursale de 
Luxembourg as agent and BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. as calculation agent or (b) any other agency or analogous 
agreement entered into by BNPP and/or BNPP B.V. from time to time. 
Terms defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Securities, as amended and/or supplemented by the applicable 
Final Terms (the "Conditions") and not otherwise defined in this Deed of Guarantee shall have the same meanings 
when used in this Guarantee. 
Any reference in this Guarantee to any obligation or sums or amounts payable under or in respect of the Securities 
by BNPP B.V. shall be construed to refer to (if applicable) in the event of a bail-in of BNPP, such obligations, 
sums and/or amounts as reduced by reference to, and in the same proportion as, any such reduction or modification 
applied to liabilities of BNPP following the application of a bail-in of BNPP by any relevant authority (including 
in a situation where the Guarantee itself is not the subject of such bail-in). 
In respect of all Securities issued on or after the date of this Guarantee, this Guarantee replaces the guarantee 
dated 1 June 2022 granted by the Guarantor in respect of Securities issued under the Programme. 
NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES as follows: 
1. 
Guarantee 
Subject as provided below, BNPP unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees by way of deed poll to 
each Holder that, if for any reason BNPP B.V. does not pay any sum payable by it or perform any other 
obligation in respect of any Security on the date specified for such payment or performance BNPP will, 
in accordance with the Conditions pay that sum in the currency in which such payment is due in 
immediately available funds or, as the case may be, perform or procure the performance of the relevant 
obligation on the due date for such performance.  In case of the failure of BNPP B.V. to satisfy such

--- Page 252 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
252 
 
 
obligations as and when the same become due, BNPP hereby undertakes to make or cause to be made 
such payment or satisfy or cause to be satisfied such obligations as though BNPP were the principal 
obligor in respect of such obligation after a demand has been made on BNPP pursuant to Clause 11 
hereof PROVIDED THAT in the case of Securities other than Credit Securities (A) in the case of Physical 
Delivery Securities where BNPP B.V. has the obligation, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Security, to deliver the Entitlement, notwithstanding that BNPP B.V. had the right to vary 
settlement in respect of such Physical Delivery Securities in accordance with Security Condition 5.3 and 
exercised such right or failed to exercise such right, BNPP will have the right to elect not to deliver or 
procure delivery of the Entitlement to the Holders of such Physical Delivery Securities, but in lieu 
thereof, to make payment in respect of each such Physical Delivery Securities of an amount equal to the 
Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount (as defined in the Conditions) and (B) in the case of Securities 
where the obligations of BNPP B.V. which fall to be satisfied by BNPP constitute the delivery of the 
Entitlement to the Holders, BNPP will as soon as practicable following BNPP B.V.'s failure to satisfy its 
obligations under such Securities deliver or procure delivery of such Entitlement using the method of 
delivery specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that, if in the opinion of BNPP, delivery of the 
Entitlement using such method is not practicable by reason of (i) a Settlement Disruption Event (as 
defined in Security Condition 5.1) or (ii) a Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity (as defined in Security 
Condition 15.1) (if "Failure to Deliver due to Illiquidity" is specified as applying in the applicable Final 
Terms), in lieu of such delivery BNPP will make payment in respect of each such Security of, in the case 
of (i) above, the Guaranteed Cash Settlement Amount or, in the case of (ii) above, the Failure to Deliver 
Settlement Price (as defined in Security Condition 15.2).  Any payment of the Guaranteed Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Failure to Deliver Settlement Price, as the case may be, in respect of a Security 
shall constitute a complete discharge of BNPP's obligations in respect of such Security. 
2. 
BNPP as Principal Obligor 
As between BNPP and the Holder of each Security but without affecting BNPP B.V.'s obligations, BNPP 
will be liable under this Guarantee as if it were the sole principal obligor and not merely a surety.  
Accordingly, it will not be discharged, nor will its liability be affected, by anything which would not 
discharge it or affect its liability if it were the sole principal obligor (including (1) any time, indulgence, 
waiver or consent at any time given to BNPP B.V. or any other person, (2) any amendment to any of the 
Conditions or to any security or other guarantee or indemnity, (3) the making or absence of any demand 
on BNPP B.V. or any other person for payment or performance of any other obligation in respect of any 
Security, (4) the enforcement or absence of enforcement of any Security or of any security or other 
guarantee or indemnity, (5) the taking, existence or release of any such security, guarantee or indemnity, 
(6) the dissolution, amalgamation, reconstruction or reorganisation of BNPP B.V. or any other person, 
or (7) the illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of or any defect in any provision of the Conditions, the 
Agency Agreement or any of BNPP B.V.'s obligations under any of them). 
3. 
BNPP's Obligations Continuing 
BNPP's obligations under this Guarantee are and will remain in full force and effect by way of continuing 
security until no sum remains payable and no other obligation remains to be performed under any 
Security (in the case where the relevant Security is a Warrant, subject to its exercise).  Furthermore, those 
obligations of BNPP are additional to, and not instead of, any security or other guarantee or indemnity 
at any time existing in favour of any person, whether from BNPP or otherwise and may be enforced 
without first having recourse to BNPP B.V., any other person, any security or any other guarantee or 
indemnity.  BNPP irrevocably waives all notices and demands of any kind. 
4. 
Status 
This Guarantee is a senior preferred obligation (within the meaning of Article L.613-30-3-I-3° of the 
French Code monétaire et financier) and an unsecured obligation of BNPP and will rank pari passu with

--- Page 253 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
253 
 
 
all its other present and future senior preferred and unsecured obligations, subject to such exceptions as 
may from time to time be mandatory under French law. 
5. 
Exercise of BNPP's rights 
So long as any sum remains payable under the Securities or this Guarantee, BNPP shall not exercise or 
enforce any right, by reason of the performance of any of its obligations under this Guarantee, to be 
indemnified by BNPP B.V. or to take the benefit of or enforce any security or other guarantee or 
indemnity. 
6. 
Discharge by BNPP B.V. 
If any payment received by, or other obligation discharged to or to the order of, the Holder of any Security 
is, on the subsequent bankruptcy or insolvency of BNPP B.V., avoided under any laws relating to 
bankruptcy or insolvency, such payment or obligation will not be considered as having discharged or 
diminished the liability of BNPP and this Guarantee will continue to apply as if such payment or 
obligation had at all times remained due and owing by BNPP B.V. 
7. 
Indemnity 
As a separate and alternative stipulation, BNPP unconditionally and irrevocably agrees (1) that any sum 
or obligation which, although expressed to be payable or deliverable under the Securities, is for any 
reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not now known or becoming known to BNPP B.V., 
BNPP or any Holder) not recoverable from BNPP on the basis of a guarantee will nevertheless be 
recoverable from it as if it were the sole principal obligor and will be paid or performed by it in favour 
of the Holder on demand and (2) as a primary obligation to indemnify each Holder against any loss 
suffered by it as a result of any sum or obligation expressed to be payable or deliverable under the 
Securities not being paid or performed by the time, on the date and otherwise in the manner specified in 
the Securities or any obligation of BNPP B.V. under the Securities being or becoming void, voidable or 
unenforceable for any reason (whether or not now existing and whether or not known or becoming known 
to BNPP B.V., BNPP or any Holder), in the case of a payment obligation the amount of that loss being 
the amount expressed to be payable by BNPP B.V. in respect of the relevant sum.  The second sentence 
of Clause 2 of this Guarantee shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Clause 7. 
8. 
Resolution proceedings against the Guarantor 
By its acquisition of the Securities, each Holder (which, for the purposes of this Clause 8, includes any 
current or future holder of a beneficial interest in the Securities) acknowledges, accepts, consents and 
agrees: 
(a) 
to be bound by the effect of the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power (as defined 
below) by the Relevant Resolution Authority (as defined below) if the latter was to consider 
that the Amounts Due fall within the scope of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power. This Bail-
in or Loss Absorption Power may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the Amounts Due into shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Guarantor or another person (and the issue to the Holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, 
modification or variation of the terms of this Guarantee, in which case the Holder 
agrees to accept in lieu of its rights under this Guarantee any such shares, other 
securities or other obligations of the Guarantor or another person;

--- Page 254 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
254 
 
 
(iii) 
the cancellation of this Guarantee; and/or 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the term of this Guarantee, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; 
(b) 
if applicable, that the terms of this Guarantee are subject to, and may be varied, if necessary, to 
give effect to, the exercise of the Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power by the Relevant Resolution 
Authority. 
For these purposes, the "Amounts Due" are (a)(i) (in the case of Securities that are Certificates) the 
amounts payable on, or the Entitlement deliverable in respect of, each Security that has not been 
previously redeemed or cancelled or is otherwise no longer due or (ii) (in the case of Securities that are 
Warrants) the amounts payable on, or the Entitlement deliverable in respect of, each Security on exercise 
or cancellation or (b) the amounts payable under this Guarantee.  
The "Bail-in or Loss Absorption Power" is any power existing from time to time under any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements in effect in France, relating to the transposition of Directive 
2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework 
for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (as amended from time to 
time), including without limitation pursuant to French decree-law No. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union européenne 
en matière financière) (as amended from time to time) ratified by the Law n°2016-1691 of 9 December 
2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of economic life (Loi 
no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique) (as amended from time to time, this ordinance was ratified by the 
Law n°2016-1691), Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and 
certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (as amended from time to time, including by 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 dated 20 May 2019, the "Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation"), or 
otherwise arising under French law, and in each case the instructions, rules and standards created 
thereunder, pursuant to which the obligations of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated 
Entity) can be reduced (in part or in whole), cancelled, suspended, transferred, varied or otherwise 
modified in any way, or securities of a Regulated Entity (or an affiliate of such Regulated Entity) can be 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such Regulated Entity or any other person, 
whether in connection with the implementation of a bail-in tool following placement in resolution. 
A reference to a "Regulated Entity" is any entity referred to in Section 1 of Article L.613-34 of the 
French Code monétaire et financier, which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and 
certain of their parent or holding companies established in France. 
A reference to the "Relevant Resolution Authority" is to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution, the Single Resolution Board established pursuant to the Single Resolution Mechanism 
Regulation, and/or any other authority entitled to exercise or participate in the exercise of any Bail-in or 
Loss Absorption Power against the Guarantor from time to time (including the Council of the European 
Union and the European Commission when acting pursuant to Article 18 of the Single Resolution 
Mechanism Regulation). 
The matters set forth in this Clause 8 shall be exhaustive on the foregoing matters to the exclusion of any 
other agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Guarantor and any holder of W&C 
Securities.

--- Page 255 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
255 
 
 
9. 
Incorporation of Terms 
BNPP agrees that it shall comply with and be bound by those provisions contained in the Conditions 
which relate to it. 
10. 
Deposit of Guarantee 
This Guarantee shall be deposited with and held by BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg for the 
benefit of the Holders at its specified office. 
11. 
Demand on BNPP 
Any demand hereunder shall be given in writing addressed to BNPP served at its office at CIB Legal, 37 
Avenue de l'Opéra, 75002 Paris, France.  A demand so made shall be deemed to have been duly made 
two Paris Business Days (as used herein, "Paris Business Day" means a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Paris) after the day it was served or if it was served on 
a day that was not a Paris Business Day or after 5.30 p.m. (Paris time) on any day, the demand shall be 
deemed to be duly made two Paris Business Days after the Paris Business Day immediately following 
such day. 
12. 
Governing law 
This Guarantee and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith shall be 
governed by and construed in accordance with English law. 
13. 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may, directly or 
indirectly, arise out of or in connection with this Guarantee including a dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith. 
14. 
Service of Process 
BNPP agrees that service of process in England may be made on it at its London branch.  Nothing in this 
Guarantee shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. 
15. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce 
any term of this Guarantee, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is 
available from that Act.

--- Page 256 ---
FORM OF GUARANTEE 
 
256 
 
 
Executed as a Deed 
By BNP PARIBAS 
) 
acting by 
 
) 
acting under the authority ) 
of that company  
) 
IN WITNESS whereof this Guarantee has been executed and delivered by BNP Paribas as a deed on the 
date first above-mentioned. 
Witness's signature: 
Name: 
Address:

--- Page 257 ---
FORM OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
 
257 
 
 
FORM OF THE W&C SECURITIES 
W&C Securities which are issued and transferred through Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or Euroclear, and/or any 
other relevant clearing system ("Clearing System Securities") will be represented by a global security (each a 
"Clearing System Global Security"), which will be issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf 
of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, and/or any other relevant clearing system on the date of issue of the 
relevant Securities in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant clearing system.  Registered 
Warrants ("Registered Warrants") will be represented by a registered global warrant (each a "Registered Global 
Warrant"), which will be issued and deposited with the Registrar.  Registered Certificates ("Registered 
Certificates") will be represented by a registered global certificate (each a "Registered Global Certificate" and 
together with a Registered Global Warrant, a "Registered Global Security") held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.  Clearing System Securities and W&C 
Securities in definitive registered form will not be exchangeable for Registered Securities and Registered 
Securities will not be exchangeable for Clearing System Securities.  Each Clearing System Global Security and 
Registered Global Security are each referred to as a "Global Security".   
In the event that the Final Terms specify that W&C Securities are eligible for sale in the United States ("U.S. 
Warrants" or "U.S. Certificates", as the case may be, and together, the "U.S. Securities"), (A) the W&C 
Securities sold in the United States to persons reasonably belived to be, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by 
BNPP, a QIB under Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., a QIB who is also a QP 
will be represented by one or more global Securities (each, a "Rule 144A Global Security") issued and deposited 
with (1) a custodian for, and registered in the name of a nominee of, The Depository Trust Company ("DTC") or 
(2) a common depositary on behalf of Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and (B) in any such case, W&C Securities sold outside the United States to persons that are not (i) a "U.S. 
person" as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"); (ii) a person other than a "Non-
United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as 
amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act"); (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures 
Trading Commission (the "CFTC") or (b) the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration 
Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by 
the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity 
Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or 
guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such person, a "U.S. person") may not be legally or 
beneficially owned at any time by any U.S. person and will be represented by a one or more global Securities 
(each, a "Regulation S Global Security") issued and deposited with a common depositary on behalf of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or any other relevant clearing system.  In the event that the Final 
Terms does not specify that W&C Securities are eligible for sale within the United States or to U.S. persons, the 
W&C Securities offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. person and will be represented by a Clearing System Global Security or a 
Registered Global Security, as the case may be. 
Applicable Final Terms 
The Final Terms will contain the information items permitted under Article 26(2) and 26(3) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 (the "Prospectus Delegated Regulation").

--- Page 258 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
 
258 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
1. 
Name, registered office and date of incorporation 
(a) 
The legal and commercial name of the Issuer is BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. 
(b) 
BNPP B.V. is a limited liability company under Dutch law ("besloten vennootschap met 
beperkte aansprakelijkheid"), having its registered office at Herengracht 595, 1017 CE 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  BNPP B.V. is incorporated in The Netherlands and registered 
with the Commercial Register in The Netherlands under number 33215278 (telephone number: 
+ 31 (0)88 738 0000). The legal entity identifier (LEI) of BNPP B.V. is 
7245009UXRIGIRYOBR48. 
(c) 
BNPP B.V. was incorporated on 10 November 1989 with unlimited duration. 
(d) 
There have been no recent events particular to BNPP B.V. that are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of BNPP B.V.'s solvency. 
(e) 
BNPP B.V.'s long term credit rating is A+ with a stable outlook (S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited) and BNPP B.V.'s short term credit rating is A-1 (S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited). 
(f) 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of BNPP B.V. within 
the last 12 months. 
(g) 
BNPP B.V. expects to finance its activities by issuing notes, warrants and certificates under the 
securities programmes pursuant to which it may act as an issuer and/or by entering into hedging 
agreements with BNPP and its affiliates. 
2. 
Business Overview 
(a) 
BNPP B.V.'s objects (as set out in Article 3 of its Articles of Association) are: 
(i) 
to borrow, lend out and collect monies, including but not limited to the issue or the 
acquisition of debentures, debt instruments, financial instruments such as, among 
others, notes, warrants and certificates of any nature, with or without indexation based 
on, inter alia, shares, baskets of shares, stock exchange indices, currencies, 
commodities or futures on commodities, and to enter into related agreements; 
(ii) 
to finance enterprises and companies; 
(iii) 
to establish and to in any way participate in, manage and supervise enterprises and 
companies; 
(iv) 
to offer advice and to render services to enterprises and companies with which the 
company forms a group of companies, and to third parties; 
(v) 
to grant security, to bind the company and to encumber assets of the company for the 
benefit of enterprises and companies with which the company forms a group of 
companies, and of third parties; 
(vi) 
to acquire, manage, exploit and dispose of registered property and asset value in 
general; 
(vii) 
to trade in currencies, securities and asset value in general;

--- Page 259 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
 
259 
 
 
(viii) 
to exploit and trade in patents, trademark rights, licences, know-how and other 
industrial rights of ownership; 
(ix) 
to engage in industrial, financial and commercial activities of any nature, and 
all other things as may be deemed incidental or conducive to the attainment of the above objects, in the 
broadest sense of the word. 
(b) 
BNPP B.V. competes with other issuers in the issuance of financial instruments and securities. 
(c) 
BNPP B.V. is a BNP Paribas Group issuance vehicle, specifically involved in the issuance of 
structured securities, which are developed, setup and sold to investors by other companies in 
the group. The securities are hedged by matching derivative contracts and/or collateral contracts 
with BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. or BNP Paribas S.A.. Given the function of BNPP B.V. 
within the BNP Paribas Group and its asset and liabilities structure, the company generates a 
limited profit.  
(d) 
The securities issued by BNPP B.V. are sold to institutional clients, retail and high net worth 
individuals in Europe, Africa, Asia and Americas, either directly by BNP Paribas or through 
third party distributors. 
3. 
Trend Information 
Due to BNPP B.V.'s dependence upon BNPP its trend information is the same as that for BNPP set out 
on pages 153 to 156 and 725 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in English).  
4. 
Share capital 
The issued share capital is EUR45,379, divided in 45,379 shares of EUR1 each.   
All shares are ordinary registered shares and fully paid up and no share certificates have been issued. 100 
per cent. of the share capital is held by BNP Paribas.  
5. 
Management 
5.1 
Management Board 
The management of BNPP B.V. is composed of a Management Board with one or several members 
appointed by the general meeting of shareholders. 
On 31 January 2016, BNP Paribas appointed as sole member of the Management Board BNP Paribas 
Finance B.V., a company established and existing under the laws of The Netherlands, with its registered 
office at Herengracht 595, 1017 CE Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Edwin Herskovic, Cyril Le Merrer, 
Folkert van Asma, Geert Lippens and Matthew Yandle as Directors of BNP Paribas Finance B.V. have 
the power to take all necessary measures in relation to the issue of securities of BNPP B.V. 
5.2 
Duties of the Management Board 
Within the limits of the constitutional documents, the Management Board is responsible for the 
management of BNPP B.V.

--- Page 260 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
 
260 
 
 
6. 
Accounts 
6.1 
Drawing up of annual accounts 
The financial year is the calendar year. 
6.2 
Adoption of annual accounts 
The general meeting of shareholders adopts the annual accounts. 
7. 
Material Investments 
BNPP B.V. has made no material investments since the date of its last published financial statements 
other than those related to the issue of securities and its Management Board has made no firm 
commitments on such material investments in the future.  
8. 
Organisational Structure 
BNPP B.V. is a wholly owned subsidiary of BNPP. 
BNPP B.V. is dependent upon BNPP in that BNPP develops and markets the W&C Securities, hedges 
its market, credit and liquidity risks and guarantees the obligations of BNPP B.V. for any issuance of its 
securities towards investors. 
9. 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies 
9.1 
Names, Business Addresses, Functions and Principal Outside Activities 
The names, functions and principal activities performed by it outside BNPP B.V. which are significant 
with respect to the only director of BNPP B.V. are: 
 
Name 
Function 
Principal Outside Activities 
BNP Paribas Finance 
B.V. 
Managing Director 
The facilitation of secondary debt 
transactions and trading on behalf 
of the BNP Paribas Group 
9.2 
Administrative, Management, and Supervisory Bodies Conflicts of Interests 
The above-mentioned member of the Management Board of BNPP B.V. does not have potential conflicts 
of interests, material to the issue of the W&C Securities, between any duties to BNPP B.V. and its 
interests or other duties. 
10. 
Board Practices 
10.1 
Audit Committee 
BNPP B.V. does not itself have an audit committee.  However, BNPP B.V. is part of the BNP Paribas 
Group which divides the audit responsibility to review the annual consolidated financial statements of 
BNPP between a Financial Statement Committee and an Internal Control and Risks Committee.

--- Page 261 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
 
261 
 
 
10.2 
Corporate Governance 
The Dutch Corporate Governance Code of 8 December 2016 only applies to listed companies.  The 
shares of BNPP B.V. are not listed and therefore the code does not apply.  Accordingly, BNPP B.V. is 
not required to make any disclosure regarding compliance with the code. 
11. 
Historical Financial Information Concerning BNPP B.V.'s Assets and Liabilities, Financial 
Position and Profits and Losses. 
 
BALANCE SHEET IN SUMMARY 
(before appropriation of the net result) 
 
 
 
31.12.2022 
(audited) 
31.12.2021 
(audited) 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Financial fixed assets / Non-Current Assets 
74,783,786,119 
67,572,517,351 
Current assets 
19,780,746,616 
19,504,843,599 
TOTAL ASSETS 
94,564,532,735 
87,077,360,950 
Shareholder's equity / Total Equity 
748,104 
651,937 
Long term liabilities / Non-Current Liabilities 
74,783,786,118 
67,572,137,428 
Current liabilities 
19,779,998,513 
19,504,571,585 
TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES 
94,564,532,735 
87,077,360,950 
 
PROFIT AND LOSS ACCOUNT / INCOME 
STATEMENT in summary 
 
 
 
2022 
(audited) 
2021 
(audited) 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Income including interest received / Fee Income 
and Other income 
894,672 
439,575 
Costs, including interest paid and the tax charge / 
Operating expenses, bank costs and similar charges 
and corporate income tax 
(798,505) 
(405,680) 
Profit after taxation / Profit for the year 
attributable to equity shareholders (parent) 
96,167 
33,895 
 
CASH FLOW STATEMENT in summary

--- Page 262 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP B.V. 
 
262 
 
 
 
2022 
(audited) 
2021 
(audited) 
 
EUR 
EUR 
Cash flow from / (used in) operating activities 
-113,916 
622,151 
Increase/Decrease 
cash 
at 
banks 
/ 
Net 
increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
-113,916 
622,151 
Cash at bank at 31 December / Net cash and cash 
equivalents at the end of the year 
671,576 
785,492

--- Page 263 ---
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP 
263 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF BNPP 
A description of BNPP can be found on pages 4 to 6 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English) which is incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 264 ---
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
264 
 
 
BOOK-ENTRY CLEARANCE SYSTEMS 
The information set out below is subject to any change in or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and 
procedures of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear (together, the "Clearing Systems") currently in effect 
and subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  Investors wishing to use the facilities of any of the Clearing 
Systems are advised to confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant 
Clearing System.  None of BNPP B.V., BNPP nor any agent party to the Agency Agreement will have any 
responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments or deliveries made on account of 
beneficial ownership interests in the W&C Securities held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for 
maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such beneficial ownership interests.  
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
DTC 
DTC has advised the Guarantor that it is a limited purpose trust company organised under the New York Banking 
Law, a banking organisation within the meaning of the New York Banking Law, a clearing corporation within the 
meaning of the New York Uniform Commercial Code and a clearing agency registered pursuant to Section 17A 
of the Exchange Act.  DTC holds securities that its participants ("Direct Participants") deposit with DTC.  DTC 
also facilitates the settlement among Direct Participants of securities transactions, such as transfers and pledges, 
in deposited securities through electronic computerised book-entry changes in Direct Participants accounts, 
thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of securities certificates.  Direct Participants include 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and certain other organisations.  DTC 
is owned by a number of its Direct Participants and by the New York Stock Exchange, Inc., the American Stock 
Exchange, Inc. and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc., Access to the DTC system is also available 
to others such as securities brokers and dealers, banks and trust companies that clear through or maintain a 
custodial relationship with a Direct Participant, either directly or indirectly ("Indirect Participants"). 
Under the rules, regulations and procedures creating and affecting DTC and its operations (the "Rules"), DTC 
makes book-entry transfers of W&C Securities represented by Rule 144A Global Securities held by a Custodian 
on behalf of DTC among Direct Participants on whose behalf it acts with respect to W&C Securities accepted into 
DTC's book-entry settlement system ("DTC Securities") as described below and receives and transmits payments 
on DTC Securities.  The Rules are on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Direct Participants and 
Indirect Participants with which beneficial owners of DTC Securities ("Beneficial Owners") have accounts with 
respect to the DTC Securities similarly are required to make book-entry transfers and receive and transmit such 
payments on behalf of their respective Beneficial Owners.  Accordingly, although Beneficial Owners who hold 
DTC Securities through Direct Participants or Indirect Participants will not possess definitive W&C Securities, 
the Rules, by virtue of the requirements described above, provide a mechanism by which Direct Participants will 
receive payments and will be able to transfer their interest in respect of the DTC Securities. 
Purchases of DTC Securities under the DTC system must be made by or through Direct Participants, which will 
receive a credit for the DTC Securities on DTC's records.  The ownership interest of each Beneficial Owner is in 
turn to be recorded on the Direct Participant's and Indirect Participant's records.  Beneficial Owners will not 
receive written confirmation from DTC of their purchase, but Beneficial Owners are expected to receive written 
confirmations providing details of the transaction, as well as periodic statements of their holdings, from the Direct 
Participant or Indirect Participant through which the Beneficial Owner entered into the transaction.  Transfers of 
ownership interests in the DTC Securities are to be accomplished by entries made on the books of Direct 
Participants or Indirect Participants acting on behalf of Beneficial Owners.  Beneficial Owners will not receive 
certificates representing their ownership interests in DTC Securities, except in the event that use of the book-entry 
system for the DTC Securities is discontinued.

--- Page 265 ---
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
265 
 
 
To facilitate subsequent transfers, all DTC Securities deposited by Direct Participants with DTC are registered in 
the name of DTC's partnership nominee, Cede & Co., or any other nominee as may be requested by an authorised 
representative of DTC.  The deposit of DTC Securities with DTC and their registration in the name of Cede & 
Co. or any other nominee effect no change in beneficial ownership.  DTC has no knowledge of the actual 
Beneficial Owners of the DTC Securities; DTC's records reflect only the identity of the Direct Participants to 
whose accounts such DTC Securities are credited, which may or may not be the Beneficial Owners.  The Direct 
Participants and Indirect Participants will remain responsible for keeping account of their holdings on behalf of 
their customers. 
Conveyance of notices and other communications by DTC to Direct Participants, by Direct Participants to Indirect 
Participants, and by Direct Participants and Indirect Participants to Beneficial Owners will be governed by 
arrangements among them, subject to any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to 
time. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear each hold securities for their customers and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their respective account holders.  
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear provide various services including safekeeping, administration, 
clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and borrowing.  Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear also deal with domestic securities markets in several countries through established 
depositary and custodial relationships.  Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear have established an electronic 
bridge between their two systems across which their respective participants may settle trades with each other. 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear customers are worldwide financial institutions, including underwriters, 
securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations.  Indirect access to Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear is available to other institutions that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship 
with an account holder of either system. 
Book-entry Ownership of and Payments in respect of DTC Securities 
If a Rule 144A Global Security is to be registered in the name of a nominee of DTC, the relevant Issuer will apply 
to DTC in order to have the W&C Securities represented by such Rule 144A Global Security accepted in its book-
entry settlement system.  Upon the issue of any Rule 144A Global Security to be held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC, DTC or the Custodian will credit, on its internal book-entry system, the respective nominal amounts of 
the individual beneficial interests represented by such Rule 144A Global Security to the accounts of the relevant 
Direct Participants.  Ownership of beneficial interests in any such Rule 144A Global Security will be limited to 
Direct Participants or Indirect Participants, including the respective depositaries of Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear and any other clearing systems as may be applicable.  Ownership of beneficial interests in any such 
Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC will be shown on, and the transfer of such 
ownership will be effected only through, records maintained by DTC or its nominee (with respect to the interests 
of Direct Participants) and the records of Direct Participants (with respect to interests of Indirect Participants). 
Payments in U.S. dollars in respect of a Rule 144A Global Security registered in the name of DTC's nominee will 
be made to the New York Security Agent to the order of such nominee as the registered Holder.  In the case of 
any payment in a currency other than U.S. dollars, payment will be made to the New York Security Agent on 
behalf of DTC's nominee and the New York Security Agent will (in accordance with instructions received by it) 
remit all or a portion of such payment for credit directly to the beneficial Holders of interests in the Rule 144A 
Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf of DTC in the currency in which such payment was made and/or 
cause all or a portion of such payment to be converted into U.S. dollars and credited to the applicable Direct 
Participants' account, provided that (a) the New York Security Agent shall not be obligated to convert any currency 
whose conversion the New York Security Agent, in its sole discretion, deems impracticable, and (b) the New 
York Security Agent has received notice by 11:00 a.m. two Business Days prior to the Settlement Date or

--- Page 266 ---
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
266 
 
 
Redemption Date, as the case may be, of the currency and the amount thereof to be converted into U.S. dollars. 
Conversion of a currency other than U.S. dollars into U.S. dollars will be carried out by the New York Security 
Agent based on the actual exchange rate received in the currency conversion, which will occur at the New York 
Security Agent's bid quotation for U.S. dollars at or prior to 11:00 a.m. on the Settlement Date or Redemption 
Date, as the case may be.  The costs of conversion will be deducted from the amount of the payment credited to 
the applicable Participants' account.  Except in the case of its gross negligence or wilful misconduct, the New 
York Security Agent shall not be liable to any holder of W&C Securities for any delay in conversion or for any 
amounts in excess of the amounts actually received by it upon conversion of a currency other than U.S. dollars 
into U.S. dollars, or for its inability to convert any such currency into U.S. dollars at a commercially reasonable 
rate or at any rate. 
The Guarantor expects that payments by Direct Participants to Beneficial Owners of W&C Securities will be 
governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is the case with securities held for the accounts of 
customers, and will be the responsibility of such Direct Participant and not the responsibility of DTC, any Agent 
or the Guarantor. Payments on W&C Securities to DTC is the responsibility of the Guarantor.  
Transfers of W&C Securities Represented by Global Securities 
Transfers of any interests in W&C Securities represented by a Global Security within DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any other clearing systems as may be applicable will be effected in accordance 
with the customary rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system.  The laws in some states within 
the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery of securities in definitive form.  Consequently, 
the ability to transfer W&C Securities represented by a Global Security to such persons may depend upon the 
ability to exchange such W&C Securities for W&C Securities in definitive form.  Similarly, because DTC can 
only act on behalf of Direct Participants in the DTC system who in turn act on behalf of Indirect Participants, the 
ability of a person having an interest in W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a 
Custodian on behalf of DTC to pledge such W&C Securities to persons or entities that do not participate in the 
DTC system or otherwise to take action in respect of such W&C Securities may depend upon the ability to 
exchange such W&C Securities for W&C Securities in definitive form.  The ability of any person having a 
beneficial interest in W&C Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security held by a Custodian on behalf 
of DTC to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer such W&C Securities may be impaired if the proposed transferee 
of such W&C Securities is not eligible to hold such W&C Securities through a Direct Participant or Indirect 
Participant in the DTC system. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to Rule 144A Global Securities described under 
"Notice to Purchasers and Holders of U.S. Securities and Transfer Restrictions", crossmarket transfers between 
DTC, on the one hand, and direct or indirect account holders of Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other 
clearing systems as may be applicable, on the other, will be effected by the relevant Clearing System in accordance 
with its rules and through action taken by the relevant Agent and any custodian with whom the relevant Global 
Securities have been deposited. 
On or after the issue date for any W&C Securities, transfers of such W&C Securities between account holders in 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any other clearing system as may be applicable and transfers of such 
W&C Securities between Direct Participants in DTC will generally have a settlement date two business days after 
the trade date (T+2).  The customary arrangements for delivery versus payment may apply to such transfers. 
For cross-market transfers between account holders in Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear, DTC and/or any 
other clearing system as may be applicable, participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the 
parties to such transfer.  Because there is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or Euroclear, on the other, transfers of interests in the relevant Global Securities will be effected 
through the relevant Agent receiving instructions (and where appropriate certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the transferee.  
In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and/or any other 
clearing systems as may be applicable accountholders and Direct Participants cannot be made on a delivery versus

--- Page 267 ---
BOOK-ENTRY SYSTEMS 
267 
 
 
payment basis.  The securities will be delivered on a free delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be 
made separately. 
DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and any other clearing system as may be applicable have each 
published rules and operating procedures designed to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in Global Securities 
among participants and accountholders of DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear and any other clearing 
systems as may be applicable.  However, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to perform such 
procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued or changed at any time.  None of the Issuers, the Guarantor 
or any Agent will be responsible for any performance by DTC, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear or any other 
clearing system as may be applicable or their respective direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their 
respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations and none of them will have any 
liability for any aspect of the records relating to or payments made on account of beneficial interests in the W&C 
Securities represented by Global Securities or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to 
such beneficial interests.

--- Page 268 ---
TAXATION 
268 
 
 
TAXATION 
Tax legislation, including in the country where the investor is domiciled or tax resident and in the Issuer's country 
of incorporation, may have an impact on the income that an investor receives from the W&C Securities. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of W&C Securities should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp and 
other taxes or documentary charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the W&C 
Securities are transferred and/or any asset(s) are delivered. 
EU financial transaction tax 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission issued proposals, including a draft Directive (the 
"Commission's proposal"), for a financial transaction tax ("FTT") to be adopted in certain participating EU 
member states (including Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia 
and Slovakia). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. If the Commission's proposal was 
adopted, the FTT would be a tax primarily on "financial institutions" (which could include the Issuer) in relation 
to "financial transactions" (which would include the conclusion or modification of derivative contracts and the 
purchase and sale of financial instruments). 
Under the Commission's proposal, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating member states. Generally, it would apply where at least one party is a financial 
institution, and at least one party is established in a participating member state. A financial institution may be, or 
be deemed to be, "established" in a participating member state in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating member state or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the financial transaction is issued in a participating member state. 
The FTT may give rise to tax liabilities for the relevant Issuer with respect to certain transactions if it is adopted 
based on the Commission's proposal.  Examples of such transactions are the conclusion of a derivative contract 
in the context of the relevant Issuer's hedging arrangements or the purchase or sale of securities (such as charged 
assets) or the exercise/settlement of a warrant.  The relevant Issuer is, in certain circumstances, able to pass on 
any such tax liabilities to holders of the W&C Securities and therefore this may result in investors receiving less 
than expected in respect of the W&C Securities.  It should also be noted that the FTT could be payable in relation 
to relevant transactions by investors in respect of the W&C Securities (including secondary market transactions) 
if conditions for a charge to arise are satisfied and the FTT is adopted based on the Commission's proposal. 
Primary market transactions referred to in Article 5(c) of Regulation EC No 1287/2006 are expected to be exempt.  
There is however some uncertainty in relation to the intended scope of this exemption for certain money market 
instruments and structured issues. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating member states.  It may therefore 
be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  Additional EU member states may 
decide to participate and/or participating member states may decide to withdraw.  Prospective holders of the W&C 
Securities are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 269 ---
FRENCH TAXATION 
269 
 
 
FRENCH TAXATION 
The following is a summary of certain French withholding tax consequences in relation to the holding of the W&C 
Securities issued by BNPP.  This summary is based on the laws and practice in force as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus and subject to any changes in law and/or the interpretation and application thereof, which changes 
could be made with retroactive effect. Investors should be aware that the statements below are of a general nature 
and do not constitute legal or tax advice and should not be understood as such.  Prospective investors should 
consult their professional advisers so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, the tax 
consequences of the subscription, purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the W&C Securities. 
Withholding tax on payments with respect to W&C Securities issued by BNPP 
The withholding tax treatment will depend on the nature and characterisation of the W&C Securities issued by 
BNPP. 
W&C Securities constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Withholding taxes on payments made outside France 
The following may be relevant to holders of W&C Securities issued by BNPP who do not concurrently hold shares 
of BNPP. 
Payments of interest and similar revenues with respect to W&C Securities issued by BNPP which constitute debt 
instruments for French tax purposes will not be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of 
the French Code général des impôts unless such payments are made outside France in a non-cooperative State or 
territory (Etat ou territoire non coopératif) within the meaning of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des 
impôts (a "Non-Cooperative State") other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of the same Article 238-0 A.  If 
such payments under the W&C Securities are made outside France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those 
mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts, a 75 per cent. withholding tax 
will be applicable (subject to certain exceptions and the more favourable provisions of an applicable double tax 
treaty) by virtue of Article 125 A III of the French Code général des impôts.  
Furthermore, according to Article 238 A of the French Code général des impôts, interest and similar revenues 
with respect to such W&C Securities will not be deductible from BNPP's taxable income if they are paid or 
accrued to persons domiciled or established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial 
institution established in such a Non-Cooperative State (the "Deductibility Exclusion").  Under certain 
conditions, any such non-deductible interest and similar revenues may be recharacterised as constructive 
dividends pursuant to Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts, in which case such non-
deductible interest and similar revenues may be subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 119 bis 2 of 
the French Code général des impôts, at (i) a rate of 12.8 per cent. for payments benefiting individuals who are not 
French tax residents, (ii) the standard corporate income tax rate set forth in the second paragraph of Article 219-I 
of the French Code général des impôts (i.e. 25 per cent. for fiscal years starting from 1 January 2022) for payments 
benefiting legal persons who are not French tax residents or (iii) a rate of 75 per cent. for payments made outside 
France in a Non-Cooperative State other than those mentioned in 2° of 2 bis of Article 238-0 A of the French 
Code général des impôts (subject to certain exceptions and the more favourable provisions of an applicable double 
tax treaty). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither the 75 per cent. withholding tax set out under Article 125 A III of the 
French Code général des impôts nor the Deductibility Exclusion will apply in respect of an issue of W&C 
Securities if BNPP can prove that the main purpose and effect of such issue of W&C Securities was not that of 
allowing the payments of interest and similar revenues to be made in a Non-Cooperative State (the "Exception").  
Pursuant to the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques - Impôts BOI-INT-DG-20-50-30 no. 150 and BOI-INT-

--- Page 270 ---
FRENCH TAXATION 
270 
 
 
DG-20-50-20 no.°290, an issue of W&C Securities will benefit from the Exception without BNPP having to 
provide any proof of the purpose and effect of such issue of W&C Securities, if such W&C Securities are: 
(i) 
offered by means of a public offer within the meaning of Article L.411-1 of the French Code monétaire 
et financier for which the publication of a prospectus is mandatory or pursuant to an equivalent offer in 
a State other than a Non-Cooperative State.  For this purpose, an "equivalent offer" means any offer 
requiring the registration or submission of an offer document by or with a foreign securities market 
authority; and/or 
(ii) 
admitted to trading on a French or foreign regulated market or multilateral securities trading system 
provided that such market or system is not located in a Non-Cooperative State, and the operation of such 
market is carried out by a market operator or an investment services provider or any other similar foreign 
entity, provided further that such market operator, investment services provider or entity is not located 
in a Non-Cooperative State; and/or 
(iii) 
admitted, at the time of their issue, to the operations of a central depositary or of a securities delivery and 
payment systems operator within the meaning of Article L.561-2 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, or of one or more similar foreign depositaries or operators provided that such depositary or 
operator is not located in a Non-Cooperative State. 
Withholding taxes on payments made to individuals who are fiscally domiciled in France 
Besides, where the paying agent (établissement payeur) is established in France, pursuant to Article 125 A I of 
the French Code général des impôts, subject to certain exceptions, interest and similar revenues received by 
individuals who are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12.8 per cent. 
withholding tax, which is deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the 
payment has been made. Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and solidarity levy) are also levied by way of 
withholding at a global rate of 17.2 per cent. on such interest and similar revenues received by individuals who 
are fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France, subject to certain exceptions. 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP not constituting debt instruments for French tax purposes 
Payments with respect to W&C Securities issued by BNPP which do not constitute debt instruments for French 
tax purposes should not be subject to, or should be exempt from, withholding tax in France provided that the 
beneficial owner of such W&C Securities and the payments thereunder is resident for tax purposes in France or 
in a country which has entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France and fulfils the relevant 
requirements provided in such treaty.  
In addition, payments in respect of such W&C Securities issued by BNPP may, in certain circumstances, be non-
deductible (in whole or in part) for French tax purposes if they are paid or accrued to persons domiciled or 
established in a Non-Cooperative State or paid to an account held with a financial institution established in such 
a Non-Cooperative State.  Under certain conditions, and subject to the more favourable provisions of an applicable 
double tax treaty, such non-deductible payments may be recharacterised as constructive dividends pursuant to 
Articles 109 et seq. of the French Code général des impôts and subject to the withholding tax set out under Article 
119 bis 2 of the French Code général des impôts at a rate of up to 75 per cent.. 
Potential purchasers of W&C Securities issued by BNPP who are resident for tax purposes in a country which has 
not entered into an appropriate double tax treaty with France or who are domiciled or established in a Non-
Cooperative State are advised to consult their own appropriate independent and professionally qualified tax 
advisors as to the tax consequences of any investment in, ownership of, or transactions involving the W&C 
Securities (including as regards the applicable rate and basis for the withholding tax and the potential ability of 
certain investors to claim a refund of withholding tax).

--- Page 271 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
271 
 
 
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
The following summary describes certain U.S. federal income tax considerations that may be relevant to a U.S. 
holder (as defined below) who purchases a W&C Security.  Accordingly, this summary does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to any particular investor in a 
W&C Security.  In particular, this summary deals only with holders of a W&C Security who purchase in the initial 
offering at the applicable issue price and in whose hands the W&C Security or the stock, debt or other property 
underlying the W&C Security would be capital assets for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In addition, this 
discussion assumes that the W&C Securities that are treated as options for U.S. federal income tax purposes, when 
issued, are not significantly "in-the-money". 
This summary also does not discuss the U.S. federal income tax treatment of a U.S. holder who is a member of a 
class of holders subject to special rules, such as: 
 
a dealer in securities or derivative financial instruments; 
 
a trader in securities or derivative financial instruments that elects to use a mark-to-market method of 
accounting for securities holdings; 
 
a bank; 
 
a life insurance company; 
 
a tax-exempt organisation; 
 
an entity that is treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partnership or other pass through entity; 
 
an investor who purchases a W&C Security with respect to stock in a company that is treated as a passive 
foreign investment company ("PFIC") for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 
an investor that owns or is treated as owning 10% or more of the stock of the Issuer by vote or value; 
 
an investor who purchases a W&C Security and holds any other position (whether long or short, direct 
or indirect) in any asset underlying such Warrant or Certificate; 
 
an investor who purchases a W&C Security that is part of a hedging transaction or that has been hedged 
against currency risk; 
 
an investor who purchases a W&C Security that is part of a straddle or conversion transaction for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes; and 
 
an investor who is a United States person and whose functional currency for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes is not the U.S. dollar. 
As a consequence of the foregoing, it should be particularly noted that this summary does not address the special 
tax considerations that apply to an investment in a combination of W&C Securities with respect to the same 
underlying assets.  Further, this summary does not address alternative minimum tax considerations, net investment 
income tax considerations, special tax accounting rules applicable to certain accrual method taxpayers under 
Section 451(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or the consequences to 
holders of equity interests in a holder of W&C Securities. 
Any of the foregoing circumstances might substantially alter the tax consequences described below, and, in some 
instances, may require specific identification of positions in the relevant W&C Securities before the close of the

--- Page 272 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
272 
 
 
day on which they are acquired.  For example, if the straddle rules were to apply, a U.S. holder of a W&C Security 
might be required to (i) recognise all or a portion of any gain on such W&C Security that would otherwise be 
long-term or short-term capital gain, as ordinary income or, if applicable, short-term capital gain, (ii) defer all, or 
a portion, of any loss realised upon the sale, exchange, exercise, cancellation or lapse of such W&C Security and 
(iii) capitalise any interest or carrying charges incurred by such U.S. holder with respect to such W&C Security. 
This summary is based on the Code, existing and proposed Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder, 
published rulings and court decisions, all as in effect on the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, 
possibly on a retroactive basis. 
This summary does not address the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of every type of W&C Security 
which may be issued under the Programme.  Additional U.S. federal income tax consequences, if any, applicable 
to a particular W&C Security may be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
The rules governing the taxation of option transactions and derivative financial instruments are complex and 
depend on a taxpayer's particular circumstances. U.S. holders are strongly urged to consult their own tax advisors 
concerning the U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. and other national tax consequences of the ownership and 
disposition of W&C Securities in their particular circumstances. U.S. holders should also consult their tax advisors 
as to the possibility of changes of law affecting taxation of derivative financial instruments with contingent 
payments, including prepaid forward contracts. 
For purposes of this discussion, a "U.S. holder" is a beneficial owner of a W&C Security that is (i) an individual 
who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (ii) a domestic corporation or (iii) otherwise subject to U.S. 
federal income taxation on a net income basis in respect of the W&C Security. 
If a partnership holds the W&C Securities, the United States federal income tax treatment of a partner will 
generally depend on the status of the partner and the tax treatment of the partnership.  A partner in a partnership 
holding the W&C Securities should consult its tax advisor with regard to the United States federal income tax 
treatment of an investment in the W&C Securities. 
Special tax rules apply to a U.S. person that invests in a debt instrument that is not in "registered form" (as specially 
defined for applicable U.S. federal income tax purposes).  Accordingly, this summary does not address the U.S. 
federal income tax consequences of an investment by a U.S. holder in a W&C Security that is (or a component of 
which is), for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a debt instrument that is not in registered form.  U.S. holders 
should consult their tax advisors with regard to debt instruments that are not in registered form. 
U.S. Federal Tax Characterization of W&C Securities 
The determination of whether an obligation represents debt, equity, or some other instrument or interest for U.S. 
federal tax purposes is based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. There may not be statutory, judicial or 
administrative authority directly addressing the characterisation of some of the types of W&C Securities that are 
anticipated to be issued under the Programme or of instruments similar to such W&C Securities. 
Depending on its terms, a Security could be treated as one or more of the following: (i) a prepaid forward contract 
(which may be subject to embedded options), (ii) a combination of a loan and a prepaid forward contract, (iii) an 
outright or constructive ownership interest in the property underlying such W&C Security, or (iv) a debt 
instrument with or without contingent payments.  Additional U.S. federal income tax consequences applicable to 
a particular issuance of W&C Securities may be set forth in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or any other 
relevant offering document. 
No ruling is being requested from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") with respect to the W&C Securities, 
and the treatment of the W&C Securities described below is not binding on the IRS or the courts.  As a result, 
significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of an investment in the W&C Securities are 
uncertain.

--- Page 273 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
273 
 
 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Treated as Debt  
The following summary applies to certain W&C Securities that are properly treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. 
Payments of Interest 
Interest on a W&C Security, other than interest on a "Discount Security" that is not "qualified stated interest" 
(each as defined below under "Original Issue Discount"), will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary income at 
the time it is received or accrued, depending on the holder's method of accounting for tax purposes and generally 
will constitute income from sources outside the United States. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the applicability of the foreign tax credit and source of income rules to income attributable to 
the W&C Securities.  
Original Issue Discount 
A W&C Security, other than a W&C Security with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Security"), will be 
treated as issued with original issue discount ("OID") (such Security a "Discount Security") if the excess of the 
W&C Security's "stated redemption price at maturity" over its issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis 
amount (0.25 per cent. of the W&C Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of 
complete years to its maturity). An obligation that provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated 
interest before maturity (an "instalment obligation") will be treated as a Discount Security if the excess of the 
W&C Security's stated redemption price at maturity over its issue price is equal to or greater than 0.25 per cent. 
of the W&C Security's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied by the weighted average maturity of the 
W&C Security. A W&C Security's weighted average maturity is the sum of the following amounts determined 
for each payment on a W&C Security (other than a payment of qualified stated interest): (i) the number of 
complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which 
is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the W&C Security's stated redemption price at 
maturity. Generally, the issue price of a W&C Security will be the first price at which a substantial amount of 
W&C Securities included in the Series of which the W&C Security is a part is sold to persons other than bond 
houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement agents, or 
wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a W&C Security is the total of all payments provided by 
the W&C Security that are not payments of "qualified stated interest". A "qualified stated interest payment" is 
generally any one of a series of stated interest payments on a W&C Security that are unconditionally payable at 
least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or at certain 
variable rates, applied to the outstanding principal amount of the W&C Security. Solely for the purposes of 
determining whether a W&C Security has OID, the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the 
effect of decreasing the yield on the W&C Security and the U.S. holder will be deemed to exercise any put option 
that has the effect of increasing the yield on the W&C Security. 
U.S. holders of Discount Securities must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before the 
receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly greater 
amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Securities. The amount of OID includible in income by a U.S. holder 
of a Discount Security is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Security for each day 
during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. holder holds the Discount Security 
("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any "accrual period" a pro rata 
portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a W&C Security may be of 
any length selected by the U.S. holder and may vary in length over the term of the W&C Security as long as (i) 
no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal on the W&C 
Security occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an accrual 
period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Security's adjusted issue price at the beginning of the 
accrual period and the Discount Security's yield to maturity (determined on the basis of compounding at the close 
of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) the sum of the payments 
of qualified stated interest on the W&C Security allocable to the accrual period. The "adjusted issue price" of a

--- Page 274 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
274 
 
 
Discount Security at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the W&C Security increased by (x) 
the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the amount of any payments 
previously made on the W&C Security that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Short-Term Securities 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. holder of a Short-Term Security is not required to accrue OID 
(as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless it elects 
to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is received). Accrual basis 
U.S. holders and certain other U.S. holders are required to accrue OID on Short-Term Securities on a straight-line 
basis or, if the U.S. holder so elects, under the constant-yield method (based on daily compounding). In the case 
of a U.S. holder not required and not electing to include OID in income currently, any gain realised on the sale or 
retirement of the Short-Term Security will be ordinary income to the extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line 
basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the constant-yield method) through the date of sale or 
retirement. U.S. holders who are not required and do not elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Securities will be 
required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings allocable to Short-Term Securities in an amount not 
exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-Term 
Security are included in the Short-Term Security's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. holder may elect 
to determine OID on a Short-Term Security as if the Short-Term Security had been originally issued to the U.S. 
holder at the U.S. holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Security. This election will apply to all obligations 
with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. holder on or after the first day of the first taxable year to 
which the election applies and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Variable Rate Debt Instruments 
W&C Securities that provide for interest at variable rates ("variable interest rate securities") may be treated as 
"variable rate debt instruments" under Treasury regulations governing accrual of OID. A variable interest rate 
security will generally qualify as a variable rate debt instrument if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total 
noncontingent principal payments due under the W&C Security by or more than a specified de minimis amount, 
(b) it provides for stated interest, paid or compounded at least annually at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, 
(ii) a single fixed rate and one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate or (iv) a single fixed 
rate and a single objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate and (c) it does not provide for any principal 
payments that are contingent (other than as described in (a) above).  
Securities Purchased at a Premium 
A U.S. holder that purchases a W&C Security for an amount in excess of its principal amount, or for a Discount 
Security, its stated redemption price at maturity, may elect to treat the excess as "amortisable bond premium", in 
which case the amount required to be included in the U.S. holder's income each year with respect to interest on 
the W&C Security will be reduced by the amount of amortisable bond premium allocable (based on the W&C 
Security's yield to maturity) to that year. Any election to amortise bond premium will apply to all bonds (other 
than bonds the interest on which is excludable from gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes) held by 
the U.S. holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election applies or thereafter acquired by the 
U.S. holder, and is irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. See also "— Election to Treat All Interest as 
Original Issue Discount". 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a W&C Security using the constant-
yield method described above under "— Original Issue Discount" with certain modifications. For purposes of this 
election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, and unstated interest, as adjusted by any 
amortisable bond premium (described above under "— Securities Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition

--- Page 275 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
275 
 
 
premium. This election will generally apply only to the W&C Security with respect to which it is made and may 
not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. U.S. holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the 
propriety and consequences of this election. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
If any W&C Securities are treated as contingent payment debt instruments, the tax consequences to a U.S. holder 
would be determined under U.S. Treasury regulations governing contingent payment debt instruments (the 
"Contingent Payment Regulations").  The Contingent Payment Regulations are complex, but very generally 
apply OID rules to a contingent payment debt instrument by requiring that OID be accrued by the U.S. holder 
every year at a "comparable yield" for the instrument, or the yield at which the Issuer could issue a fixed rate debt 
instrument with terms similar to those of the contingent payment debt instrument, determined at the time of 
issuance of the obligation.  In addition, the Contingent Payment Regulations require that a projected payment 
schedule, which results in such a "comparable yield", be determined by the Issuer.  Further, a U.S. holder will be 
required to make adjustments to income accruals to account for differences between actual payments received by 
the U.S. holder and projected amounts of such payments.  To the extent that the actual payments received by a 
U.S. holder exceed the projected payments on a contingent debt instrument in any taxable year, the U.S. holder 
will recognise ordinary interest income for that taxable year in excess of the cash the U.S. holder receives and 
such excess would increase the U.S. holder's tax basis in the debt instrument.  In addition, any gain realised on 
the sale, exchange or redemption of a contingent payment debt instrument will be treated as ordinary income.  
Any loss realised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as an ordinary loss to the extent that the 
U.S. holder's OID inclusions with respect to the obligation exceed prior reversals of such inclusions required by 
the adjustment mechanism described above.  Any loss realised in excess of such amount generally will be treated 
as a capital loss. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of W&C Securities 
A U.S. holder's tax basis in a W&C Security will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID 
included in the U.S. holder's income with respect to the W&C Security and the amount, if any, of income 
attributable to de minimis OID included in the U.S. holder's income with respect to the W&C Security, and 
reduced by (i) the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest payments and (ii) the amount of 
any amortisable bond premium applied to reduce interest on the W&C Security. 
A U.S. holder will generally recognise capital gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a W&C Security equal to 
the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the W&C Security.  Any 
such gain or loss generally will be long term capital gain or loss if the W&C Security was held for more than one 
year at the time of settlement or at the time of sale or other disposition. The amount realised does not include the 
amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest, which will be taxable as interest income to the extent not 
previously included in income.  
Gain or loss realised by a U.S. holder on the sale or retirement of a W&C Security generally will be U.S. source. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Not Treated as Debt 
The following summary may apply to certain W&C Securities that are not treated as debt for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes. This summary does not discuss all types of W&C Securities that may not be treated as debt for U.S. 
federal income tax purposes. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning W&C Securities that are not 
treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and are not described herein in a separate section) will be 
discussed, as appropriate, in a supplement to this Base Prospectus, or any other relevant offering document. 
Treatment of W&C Securities as Options  
A Security that provides for a payment at redemption, including at maturity, that is based on the value of one or 
more commodities, currencies, equity securities, funds, indices, determining factor or other basis of reference (a

--- Page 276 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
276 
 
 
"Reference Item") and also provides for a current coupon may be treated as an "Option Security" for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes.  
The treatment of Option Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes is highly uncertain. It would be reasonable 
to treat the purchase of an Option Security as a grant by the U.S. holder to the Issuer of an option contract (the 
"Put Option"), pursuant to which, for U.S. tax purposes, the U.S. holder may be treated as purchasing from the 
Issuer the Reference Item (or an amount equal to the value of the Reference Item), and under which (a) at the time 
of issuance, the U.S. holder deposits irrevocably with the Issuer a fixed amount of cash to assure the fulfilment of 
the holder's purchase obligation (the "Deposit"), (b) until maturity the Issuer will be obligated to pay interest to 
the U.S. holder, as compensation for the use of the cash Deposit during the term of the Option Security, (c) the 
Issuer will be obligated to pay an option premium to the holder in consideration for granting the option (the "Put 
Premium"), which premium will be payable as part of the coupon payments, (d) if pursuant to the terms the holder 
is obligated to purchase the Reference Item, then the Deposit will be applied in full satisfaction of such purchase 
obligation, and the Issuer will deliver to the holder the Reference Item that the holder is entitled to receive at that 
time (or, a cash amount equal to the value of the Reference Item), and (e) if the holder is not obligated to purchase 
the Reference Item, the Issuer will return the cash Deposit to the U.S. holder at maturity. The discussion below 
assumes that an Option Security is so treated, except as explicitly provided otherwise. 
Amounts paid to the Issuer in respect of the original issue of the Option Securities will be treated as allocable in 
their entirety to the amount of the cash Deposit attributable to such Securities. A portion of the coupon on the 
W&C Securities will be characterised as interest payable on such Deposit and a portion of the coupon will be 
characterised as Put Premium, each as described below. There is no assurance that the IRS will agree with this 
treatment and alternative treatments of the Option Securities could result in less favourable U.S. federal income 
tax consequences to a U.S. holder, including a requirement to accrue income with respect to the Put Option on a 
current basis. 
Payments of Interest  
Interest payments on the Deposit will generally be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary income at the time it is 
received or accrued, depending on the holder's method of accounting for U.S. tax purposes and generally will 
constitute income from sources outside the United States. If the Option Securities are issued at a discount or have 
a term of one year or less, U.S. holders will be subject to the rules discussed above under "U.S. Federal Income 
Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Treated as Debt" with respect to interest or OID payable on the Deposit.  
Payments of Put Premium 
Payments of the Put Premium will not be included in the income of a U.S. holder until sale, redemption or other 
taxable disposition or retirement for cash. If the Option Security is settled by delivery of the Reference Item, the 
payments of Put Premium will instead be incorporated into the U.S. holder's basis in such Reference Item. Upon 
the disposition of Option Securities or at maturity the Put Premium payment will be treated in the manner 
described below. 
Retirement of an Option Security  
If the Put Option is deemed not to have been exercised at maturity, the cash payment of the full principal amount 
of the Option Security at maturity would likely be treated as (i) payment in full of the principal amount of the 
Deposit (which would likely not result in the recognition of gain or loss to an initial purchaser) and (ii) the lapse 
of the Put Option, which would likely result in a U.S. holder's recognition of short-term capital gain in an amount 
equal to the Put Premium paid. 
If the Put Option is deemed to be exercised at maturity and is cash-settled, the payment at maturity would likely 
be treated as (i) payment in full of the principal amount of the Deposit (resulting in neither gain nor loss for an 
initial purchaser) and (ii) the exercise by the relevant Issuer of the Put Option. The exercise of the Put Option 
would result in short-term capital gain or loss to the U.S. holder in an amount equal to the difference between (i)

--- Page 277 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
277 
 
 
the sum of the cash received at maturity (other than amounts attributable to accrued but unpaid interest) and all 
previous payments of Put Premium and (ii) the holder's adjusted basis in the Deposit, as determined under "U.S. 
Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Treated as Debt – Purchase, Sale and Retirement of 
W&C Securities". 
Delivery at maturity of a Reference Item would likely be treated, for U.S. tax purposes, as (i) payment in full of 
the Deposit (resulting in neither gain nor loss for an initial purchaser) and (ii) the exercise by the Issuer of the Put 
Option and the U.S. holder's purchase of the Reference Item for an amount equal to the principal amount of the 
Option Security. The U.S. holder will have a tax basis in the Reference Item equal to the principal amount of the 
Option Securities less an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the Put Premium payments and less the portion 
of the tax basis of the Option Securities allocable to any fractional Reference Item, as described in the next 
sentence. A U.S. holder will recognise gain or loss (which will be treated as short-term capital gain or loss) with 
respect to cash received in lieu of fractional Reference Items, in an amount equal to the difference between the 
cash received and the portion of the basis of the Option Securities allocable to fractional Reference Items (based 
on the relative value of the fractional Reference Item and full Reference Item delivered to the U.S. holder). A U.S. 
holder's holding period in the Reference Item received will not include the U.S. holder's holding period in the 
Option Securities. 
Sale, Redemption or Other Taxable Disposition of an Option Security Prior to Maturity 
Upon the sale, redemption or other taxable disposition of an Option Security, a U.S. holder should allocate the 
amount received between the Deposit and the Put Option on the basis of their respective values on the date of 
disposition. The U.S. holder should generally recognise gain or loss with respect to the Deposit in an amount equal 
to the difference between the amount of the sales proceeds allocable to the Deposit and the U.S. holder's adjusted 
tax basis in the Deposit (which will generally equal the issue price of the Option Security for an initial purchaser 
(as may be adjusted for any accrued OID on the Deposit)). Except to the extent attributable to accrued but unpaid 
interest, which will be taxed as such, this gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder has 
held the Option Securities for more than one year. If the Put Option has a positive value on the date of a sale of 
the Option Security, the U.S. holder should recognise short-term capital gain equal to the portion of the sale 
proceeds allocable to the Put Option plus any previously received Put Premium. If the Put Option has a negative 
value on the date of sale, the U.S. holder should be treated as having paid the buyer an amount equal to the negative 
value in order to assume the U.S. holder's rights and obligations under the Put Option. In such a case, the U.S. 
holder should recognise short-term capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference between the total Put 
Premium previously received and the amount of the payment deemed made by the U.S. holder with respect to the 
assumption of the Put Option. 
Possible Alternative Characterisations 
No assurance can be given that the IRS will accept, or that a court will uphold, the characterisation and tax 
treatment described above. It is possible, for example, that the IRS could maintain that amounts treated as Put 
Premium (i) should be includible in the U.S. holder's income as interest in the manner described above regarding 
the payment of interest, or (ii) should be included in a U.S. holder's income even in a case where the Option 
Security is retired for a Reference Item. Such treatment might arise, for example, if the IRS were successfully to 
maintain that amounts treated as Put Premium (i) should be characterised for federal income tax purposes as 
interest, or (ii) should be treated as a return on the U.S. holder's investment in the Option Securities that constitutes 
income. Alternatively, the IRS could maintain that the Option Securities should be treated as contingent payment 
debt obligations, in which case the discussion above under "U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C 
Securities Treated as Debt – Contingent Payment Debt Instruments" would apply. 
U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Treated as (Prepaid) Forward Contracts  
A W&C Security that provides for a payment in redemption, including at maturity, that is based on the value of 
one or more Reference Items and does not provide for a current coupon may be treated as (prepaid) forward 
contracts for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. holder should not be required to recognise income or loss

--- Page 278 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
278 
 
 
upon the acquisition of, or to accrue income over the life of, a W&C Security that is treated as a prepaid forward 
contract for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Physical Settlement. If the W&C Securities are treated as (prepaid) forward contracts, a U.S. holder who receives 
underlying stock or debt pursuant to the settlement of a W&C Security that the U.S. holder has purchased will 
generally not recognise gain or loss on such settlement. The U.S. holder will generally be treated as acquiring the 
property underlying the W&C Security, as of the date of settlement, in exchange for the amount that it paid to 
acquire the W&C Security. 
Cash Settlement, Sale, or Other Disposition of the W&C Securities.  If the W&C Securities are treated as (prepaid) 
forward contracts, upon the receipt of cash upon settlement of a W&C Security or upon the sale or other 
disposition of such Security, a U.S. holder generally will recognise taxable gain or loss, equal to the difference 
between the amount realised (generally, the amount of cash received) and such U.S. holder's tax basis in the W&C 
Security.  In general, a holder's tax basis in a W&C Security will equal the amount that such holder paid to acquire 
the W&C Security.  Subject to the discussion below under "Constructive Ownership", any such gain or loss 
generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the W&C Security was held for more than one year at the time 
of settlement or at the time of sale or other disposition. 
Constructive Ownership.  Some or all of the net long-term capital gain arising from certain "constructive 
ownership" transactions may be characterised as ordinary income, in which case an interest charge would be 
imposed on the deemed underpayment of tax on any such ordinary income treated as deferred under these rules.  
These rules have no immediate application to forward contracts in respect of most property underlying the W&C 
Securities, but may be applicable to the extent that the underlying property directly or indirectly includes shares 
of issuers treated as "pass-thru" entities.  For this purpose “pass-thru entities” include regulated investment 
companies, real estate investment trusts, S corporations, partnerships, trusts, common trust funds, PFICs, and real 
estate mortgage investment conduits.  These rules grant discretionary authority to the U.S. Treasury Department 
(the "Treasury") to expand the scope of "constructive ownership" transactions to include forward contracts in 
respect of the stock of all corporations, in addition to forward contracts in respect of any debt instrument.  The 
rules separately also direct the Treasury to promulgate regulations excluding a forward contract that does not 
convey "substantially all" of the economic return on any underlying asset from the scope of "constructive 
ownership" transactions.  It is not possible to predict whether such regulations will be promulgated by the 
Treasury, or the form or effective date that any regulations that may be promulgated might take.  Prospective 
investors are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors about the application of these rules.  
Interest in the Underlying Property 
Depending on the terms of particular W&C Securities, a U.S. holder could be treated as owning the property 
underlying those W&C Securities for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  In that event, for example, in the case of 
Index Securities, the U.S. holder would be required to recognise appropriate amounts of capital gain on the 
disposition of any shares included in the underlying Index each time that the Index is rebalanced.  In such a case, 
such U.S. holder also would be subject to tax on dividends on shares included in the Index in an amount equal to 
the gross dividends paid by companies whose shares are included in the Index.  In addition, any current expenses 
(including any withholding taxes) in respect of shares included in the Index would be treated as if made directly 
by the U.S. holder, and the deductibility of such expenses (or creditability of such withholding taxes) could be 
subject to certain limitations. 
Loan and One or More Options 
If any W&C Securities are treated as a combination of a loan (or deposit) and one or more options, in general, 
payments of interest (if any) will be taxable to a U.S. holder as ordinary interest income as described above under 
"U.S. Federal Income Tax Treatment of Certain W&C Securities Treated as Debt", while payments in respect of 
the options would be taxable in a manner similar to the taxation of corresponding payments under W&C Securities 
treated as options, as described above under "Treatment of W&C Securities as Options".

--- Page 279 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
279 
 
 
Possible Alternative Tax Treatment 
If a W&C Security is treated as a unit consisting of a loan and a forward contract (or a loan and one or more 
options), a U.S. holder could be required to accrue a significant amount of OID on a current basis during the 
period in which it holds the W&C Security. 
It is also possible that future regulations or other IRS guidance would require a U.S. holder to accrue income on 
the W&C Securities on a current basis.  The IRS and the Treasury have issued proposed regulations that require 
the current accrual of income with respect to contingent non-periodic payments made under certain notional 
principal contracts.  The preamble to the regulations states that the "wait and see" method of tax accounting does 
not properly reflect the economic accrual of income on such contracts, and requires a current accrual of income 
with respect to some contracts already in existence at the time the proposed regulations were released.  While the 
proposed regulations do not apply to prepaid forward contracts, the preamble to the proposed regulations expresses 
the view that similar timing issues exist in the case of prepaid forward contracts.  If the IRS published future 
guidance requiring current accrual of income with respect to contingent payments on prepaid forward contracts, 
it is possible that a U.S. holder could be required to accrue income over the term of the W&C Securities. 
Notice 2008-2 
The IRS and the Treasury have issued a notice requesting public comments on a comprehensive set of tax policy 
issues raised by prepaid forward contracts, including several different approaches under which U.S. holders of 
prepaid forwards could be required to recognize ordinary income on a current basis, or could be treated as owning 
directly the assets subject to the prepaid forward.  Although it is currently uncertain what future guidance will 
result from the notice, the notice leaves open the possibility that such guidance could have retroactive application.  
In addition, prospective investors are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors about the potential impact of 
several proposed legislative changes in the taxation of derivatives contracts, and the likelihood that any of the 
foregoing may take effect. 
Foreign Currency Rules 
Payments of premium, exercise price, sale proceeds, and cash settlement amounts in respect of W&C Securities 
that are denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar will be subject to special U.S. tax rules regarding 
foreign currency transactions. U.S. holders should consult their own tax advisors concerning the application of 
these rules in their particular circumstances. 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding 
The relevant agent may be required to file information returns with the IRS with respect to payments made to 
certain U.S. holders of W&C Securities.  In addition, certain U.S. holders may be subject to backup withholding 
tax in respect of such payments if they do not provide their taxpayer identification numbers to the paying agent 
or otherwise comply with the applicable backup withholding requirements.  U.S. holders should consult their tax 
advisers regarding the application of information reporting and backup withholding in their particular situations, 
the availability of an exemption therefrom and the procedure for obtaining the exemption, if available.  Backup 
withholding is not an additional tax.  Any amounts withheld from a payment to a holder under the backup 
withholding rules will be allowed as a credit against the U.S. holder's U.S. federal income tax liability and may 
entitle the holder to a refund of any excess amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules by timely filing 
the appropriate claim for refund with the IRS and furnishing all required information. 
Certain U.S. holders that own "specified foreign financial assets" that meet certain U.S. dollar value thresholds 
will generally be required to file an information report with respect to such assets with their tax returns. "Specified 
foreign financial assets" include any financial accounts maintained by foreign financial institutions, as well as any 
of the following, but only if they are not held in accounts maintained by certain financial institutions: (i) stock or 
securities issued by non–United States persons, (ii) financial instruments and contracts held for investment that 
have non–United States issuers or counterparties, and (iii) interests in foreign entities. The W&C Securities may

--- Page 280 ---
U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAXATION 
280 
 
 
be subject to these rules. U.S. holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the application of these 
reporting requirements to their ownership of the W&C Securities.

--- Page 281 ---
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
281 
 
 
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
Section 871(m) of the Code treats a "dividend equivalent" payment as a dividend from sources within the United 
States that is generally subject to a 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax, which may be reduced by an applicable tax 
treaty, eligible for credit against other U.S. tax liabilities or refunded, provided that the beneficial owner timely 
claims a credit or refund from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A "dividend equivalent" payment 
is (i) a substitute dividend payment made pursuant to a securities lending or a sale-repurchase transaction that 
(directly or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources 
within the United States, (ii) a payment made pursuant to a "specified notional principal contract" that (directly 
or indirectly) is contingent upon, or determined by reference to, the payment of a dividend from sources within 
the United States, and (iii) any other payment determined by the IRS to be substantially similar to a payment 
described in (i) or (ii). U.S. Treasury regulations issued under Section 871(m) and applicable guidance (the 
"Section 871(m) Regulations") require withholding on certain non-U.S. holders of the W&C Securities with 
respect to amounts treated as dividend equivalent payments.  Under the Section 871(m) Regulations, only a W&C 
Security that has an expected economic return sufficiently similar to that of the underlying U.S. security, based 
on tests set forth in the Section 871(m) Regulations, will be subject to the Section 871(m) withholding regime 
(making such W&C Security a "Specified Security"). Certain exceptions to this withholding requirement apply, 
in particular for instruments linked to certain broad-based indices.   
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents will generally be required when cash payments are made on, or 
upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition of, the Specified Security.  If the underlying U.S. security or 
securities are expected to pay dividends during the term of the Specified Security, withholding generally will still 
be required even if the Specified Security does not provide for payments explicitly linked to dividends. The Issuer 
intends to withhold the full 30 per cent. tax on any payment on the W&C Securities in respect of any dividend 
equivalent arising with respect to such W&C Securities regardless of any exemption from, or reduction in, such 
withholding otherwise available under applicable law (including, for the avoidance of doubt, where a non-U.S. 
holder is eligible for a reduced tax rate under an applicable tax treaty with the United States).  The Issuer is unable 
to apply such an exemption from, or reduction in, such withholding because many central securities depositories 
do not provide identifying information regarding the beneficial owners of any Specified Security and the Issuer 
does not expect that the relevant clearing system(s) clearing such Specified Securities will provide such 
information. If the beneficial owner of a payment is entitled to a reduced rate of withholding under a tax treaty, 
this may result in over-withholding and the beneficial owner may not be able to obtain a refund.  Furthermore, the 
Issuer will not be able to assist in any refund claims. If the Issuer or any withholding agent determines that 
withholding is required, neither the Issuer nor any withholding agent will be required to pay any additional 
amounts with respect to amounts so withheld. Holders entitled to a reduced rate of withholding should consult 
their tax advisors regarding an investment in any Specified Securities. 
Pursuant to IRS guidance, a W&C Security issued prior to 1 January 2025 that does not have a “delta” of one with 
respect to underlying securities that could pay U.S.-source dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
generally will not be considered a Specified Security subject to the Section 871(m) Regulations.  If the terms of a 
W&C Security are subject to a "significant modification" (as defined for U.S. tax purposes) the W&C Security 
generally would be treated as retired and reissued on the date of such modification for purposes of determining, 
based on economic conditions in effect at that time, whether such W&C Security is a Specified Security.  
Similarly, if additional W&C Securities of the same series are issued (or deemed issued for U.S. tax purposes, 
such as certain sales of W&C Securities out of inventory) after the original issue date, the IRS could treat the issue 
date for determining whether the existing W&C Securities are Specified Securities as the date of such subsequent 
sale or issuance.  Consequently, a previously out of scope W&C Security, might be treated as a Specified Security 
following such modification or further issuance.  
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Issuer has determined that W&C Securities are Specified 
Securities and will specify contact details for obtaining additional information regarding the application of Section 
871(m) to such W&C Securities.  The applicable Final Terms will also indicate if payments on a series of Specified 
Securities are calculated by reference to "Net Dividends" (i.e., the dividends paid by an issuer of a security net of

--- Page 282 ---
U.S. DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT WITHHOLDING 
282 
 
 
30 per cent. U.S. federal withholding tax) or "Net Total Returns" (i.e., the net total return of the U.S. source 
dividend paying components, as calculated by the relevant Index Sponsor, of an index that reinvests U.S. source 
dividends paid by an issuer of a security that is a component of the index net of 30 per cent. U.S. withholding tax 
on such U.S. source dividends).  If W&C Securities are Specified Securities, a non-U.S. holder of such Securities 
should expect to be subject to withholding in respect of any dividend-paying U.S. securities underlying those 
W&C Securities.  The Issuer's determination is binding on non-U.S. holders of the W&C Securities, but it is not 
binding on the IRS. The Section 871(m) Regulations require complex calculations to be made with respect to 
W&C Securities linked to U.S. securities and their application to a specific issue of W&C Securities may be 
uncertain. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers regarding the potential application of Section 
871(m) to the W&C Securities.

--- Page 283 ---
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
283 
 
 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE ACT 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, withholding may be required on, among 
other things, (i) certain payments made by foreign financial institutions ("foreign passthru payments") and (ii) 
dividend equivalent payments in respect of a Specified Security (as described above in "Taxation— U.S. Dividend 
Equivalent Withholding"), in each case, to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements.  The Issuers are foreign financial institutions for these purposes.  A number of jurisdictions 
(including France and the Netherlands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental 
agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA 
applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in 
an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the W&C Securities, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as the W&C Securities, are uncertain and may be subject to change. If withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to foreign passthru payments, such withholding would not 
apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments 
are published in the U.S. Federal Register and W&C Securities characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise 
characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or before the relevant 
grandfathering date would be "grandfathered" for the purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified 
after such date (including by reason of a substitution of an Issuer). The grandfathering date for (A) W&C Securities 
that give rise solely to foreign passthru payments is the date that is six months after the date on which final U.S. 
Treasury regulations defining the term "foreign passthru payment" are filed with the Federal Register, and (B) 
W&C Securities that give rise to a dividend equivalent pursuant to Section 871(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986, as amended and the U.S. Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder is six months after the date 
on which obligations of its type are first treated as giving rise to dividend equivalent payments. If additional W&C 
Securities (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities—Further Issues") that are not 
distinguishable from such previously issued grandfathered W&C Securities are issued after the expiration of the 
grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all W&C 
Securities, including the W&C Securities offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject 
to withholding under FATCA.  Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the W&C Securities. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the W&C Securities, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 284 ---
OTHER TAXATION 
284 
 
 
OTHER TAXATION 
The payment of the Cash Settlement Amount on the W&C Securities, if any, will be made subject to withholding 
taxes and other taxes which the law may impose on holders of the W&C Securities. 
Individuals and legal entities should consult their usual tax advisors with respect to the tax treatment which applies 
to them. 
In addition, holders of the W&C Securities should comply with the tax laws applicable in the jurisdiction in which 
they are resident, subject to the application of any applicable tax treaty in force between France or, as the case 
may be, the Netherlands, and such jurisdiction. 
Purchasers of W&C Securities may be required to pay stamp taxes and other charges in accordance with the laws 
and practices of the jurisdiction of purchase in addition to the issue price of each W&C Security. 
TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES MAY HAVE TAX CONSEQUENCES FOR POTENTIAL 
PURCHASERS WHICH MAY DEPEND, AMONGST OTHER THINGS, UPON THE STATUS OF THE 
POTENTIAL PURCHASER AND LAWS RELATING TO TRANSFER AND REGISTRATION TAXES.  
POTENTIAL PURCHASERS WHO ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE TAX POSITION OF ANY ASPECT 
OF TRANSACTIONS INVOLVING SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS. 
Transactions involving W&C Securities may have tax consequences for potential purchasers which may depend, 
amongst other things, upon the status of the potential purchaser and may relate to transfer and registration taxes. 
Condition 11 (Expenses and Taxation) should be considered carefully by all potential purchasers of any W&C 
Securities. 
All prospective holders should seek independent advice as to their tax positions.

--- Page 285 ---
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
285 
 
 
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain restrictions 
on employee benefit plans that are subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA, including 
entities such as collective investment funds and separate accounts whose underlying assets include the assets of 
any such plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans") and on persons who are fiduciaries with respect to these ERISA 
Plans.  In accordance with ERISA's general fiduciary requirements, a fiduciary with respect to an ERISA Plan 
who is considering the purchase of U.S. Securities on behalf of the ERISA Plan should determine whether the 
purchase is permitted under the governing ERISA Plan documents and is prudent and appropriate for the ERISA 
Plan in view of its overall investment policy and the composition and diversification of its portfolio.  Section 406 
of ERISA and Section 4975 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), prohibit certain 
transactions involving the assets of an ERISA Plan (as well as those plans that are not subject to Title I of ERISA 
but which are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, such as individual retirement accounts ("IRAs") or Keogh 
plans (together with any entities whose underlying assets include the assets of any such plans or accounts and with 
ERISA Plans, "Plans")) and persons who have certain specified relationships to Plans ("parties in interest" within 
the meaning of ERISA or "disqualified persons" within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Code).  A party in 
interest or disqualified person who engages in a prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other 
penalties and liabilities under ERISA and/or the Code.  A fiduciary of a Plan (including the owner of an IRA) that 
engages in a prohibited transaction may also be subject to penalties and liabilities under ERISA and the Code. 
BNPP, directly or through its Affiliates, may be considered a "party in interest" or a "disqualified person" with 
respect to many Plans.  The purchase of U.S. Securities by a Plan with respect to which BNPP is a party in interest 
or a disqualified person may constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code.  Certain exemptions from the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code may be applicable, however, depending in part on the type of Plan fiduciary making the 
decision to acquire such U.S. Securities and the circumstances under which such decision is made.  Included 
among these exemptions are Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (an exemption for certain 
transactions determined by an independent qualified professional asset manager), PTCE 91-38 (an exemption for 
certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds), PTCE 90-1 (an exemption for certain 
transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts) and PTCE 95-60 (an exemption for certain 
transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTCE 96-23 (an exemption for certain transactions 
determined by an in-house asset manager).  In addition, the exemption under Section 408(b)(17) of ERISA and 
Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code may be available, provided (i) none of BNPP or the U.S. Dealers or affiliates or 
employees thereof is a Plan fiduciary that has or exercises any discretionary authority or control with respect to 
the Plan's assets used to purchase the U.S. Securities or renders investment advice with respect to those assets and 
(ii) the Plan is paying no more than adequate consideration for the U.S. Securities.  There can be no assurance 
that any of these exemptions or any other exemption will be available with respect to any particular transaction 
involving the U.S. Securities.  Any Plan fiduciary (including the owner of an IRA) considering the purchase of 
U.S. Securities should consider carefully the possibility of prohibited transactions and the availability of 
exemptions.  
Governmental plans (as defined in Section 3(32) of ERISA), certain church plans (as defined in Section 3(33) of 
ERISA) and non-U.S. plans (as described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA), while not subject to the fiduciary 
responsibility provisions of Title I of ERISA or the prohibited transaction provisions of Section 406 of ERISA 
and Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to non-U.S. or U.S. local, state or other federal laws 
or regulations that are substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the 
Code ("Similar Law").  Fiduciaries of any such plans should consult with their counsel before purchasing any 
U.S. Securities to determine the need for, if necessary, and the availability of, any exemptive relief under any 
Similar Law.  ANY PENSION OR OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN, INCLUDING ANY SUCH 
GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN AND ANY INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT ACCOUNT, 
PROPOSING TO ACQUIRE ANY U.S. SECURITIES SHOULD CONSULT WITH ITS COUNSEL BEFORE 
PURCHASING ANY U.S. SECURITIES.

--- Page 286 ---
CERTAIN CONSIDERATIONS FOR ERISA AND OTHER EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS 
286 
 
 
Accordingly, by its purchase of any U.S. Securities (or any interests therein), the purchaser or transferee thereof 
(and the person, if any, directing the acquisition of the U.S. Securities (or any interests therein) by the purchaser 
or transferee) will be deemed to represent, warrant and agree on each day from the date on which the purchaser 
or transferee acquires the U.S. Securities (or any interests therein) through and including the date on which the 
purchaser or transferee disposes of its interest in such U.S. Securities, either that (a) such purchaser or transferee 
is not, and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of, (i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in Section 
3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that 
is subject to Section 4975 of the Code (including without limitation, an IRA), (iii) an entity whose underlying 
assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of Department of Labor Regulation 
Section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA), or (iv) a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan 
which is subject to any Similar Law, or (b) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such U.S. Securities (or any 
interests therein) (including, if applicable, the receipt of any Guarantee or Entitlement) will not constitute or result 
in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or in the case of a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a violation of any Similar Law) unless an exemption is available with 
respect to such transactions and all the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
If the purchaser or transferee of the U.S. Securities (or any interests therein) is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, it 
will be further deemed to represent, warrant and agree that (i) none of BNPP, BNPP B.V., any other party to the 
transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus or any of their respective affiliates, has provided any investment 
recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Plan 
("Plan Fiduciary"), has relied in connection with its decision to invest in the U.S. Securities, and they are not 
otherwise undertaking to act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the 
Code, to the Plan or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's acquisition of the U.S. Securities, and (ii) the 
Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
Nothing herein shall be construed as a representation that any investment in U.S. Securities would meet any or all 
of the relevant legal requirements with respect to investments by, or is appropriate for, Plans generally or any 
particular Plan.   
The above discussion may be modified or supplemented with respect to a particular offering of U.S. Securities, 
including the addition of further ERISA restrictions on purchase and transfer.  Holders should consult the 
applicable Final Terms for such additional information.

--- Page 287 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
287 
 
 
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
As a result of the following restrictions, purchasers of U.S. Securities are advised to consult legal counsel prior to 
making any purchase, offer, sale, resale, exercise, redemption or other transfer of such U.S. Securities. 
Each purchaser of U.S. Securities will, by its purchase of such U.S. Securities, be deemed to acknowledge, 
represent and agree as follows (terms used in this paragraph that are defined in Rule 144A, Regulation S or the 
Conditions are used herein as defined therein): 
(i) 
that either: (a) in the case of the issue or transfer of a U.S. Security to or for a person who takes delivery 
in the form of U.S. Securities represented by a Rule 144A Global Security, it reasonably believes it is in 
the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, a QIB, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP 
B.V., a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) such U.S. Security for its own account or for the 
account of one or more persons reasonably believed to be in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, 
a QIB, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., a QIB who is also a QP and that it is 
subject to such additional restrictions as may be contained in any required Investor Representation Letter 
or applicable supplement to the Base Prospectus and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such U.S. 
Securities has been advised, that any sale or transfer to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and it 
has delivered an Investor Representation Letter or (b) in the case of the issue or transfer of a U.S. Security 
to or for a person who takes delivery in the form of U.S. Securities represented by a Regulation S Global 
Security, it is outside the United States and is not (I) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S under 
the Securities Act ("Regulation S"); (II) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in 
Rule 4.7 under the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity 
Exchange Act"); (III) a "U.S. person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement 
Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the Commodity Futures Trading 
Commission (the "CFTC") (b) the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration 
Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants 
promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, 
pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; or (IV) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined 
in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange Act (each such 
person, a "U.S. person"), and it is aware, and each beneficial owner of such U.S. Securities has been 
advised, that any sale or transfer to it is being made in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC 
regulations and guidance; 
(ii) 
that the Settlement Amount in respect of any U.S. Security may be less than its issue price; 
(iii) 
that no U.S. Securities or Guarantees have been or will be registered under the Securities Act or any other 
applicable U.S. state securities laws, and no U.S. Securities may be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except as set forth below; 
(iv) 
if in the future it decides to resell, pledge or otherwise transfer the U.S. Securities or any beneficial 
interests in the U.S. Securities, it will do so only (a) to a person whom the seller reasonably believes in 
the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, is a QIB under Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities 
issued by BNPP B.V., is a QIB who is also a QP, purchasing (or holding) such U.S. Security for its own 
account or for the account of one or more, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP,  QIBs under 
Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V.,  QIBs who are also QPs in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and subject to such additional restrictions on transfer 
as may be contained in a required Investor Representation Letter or in any applicable U.S. wrapper to 
the Base Prospectus (b) outside the United States to a non-U.S. person in compliance with Regulation S 
and CFTC regulations and guidance, (c) otherwise pursuant to an exemption from registration under the 
Securities Act (if available) or (d) pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act,

--- Page 288 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
288 
 
 
in each case, in accordance with all applicable U.S. state securities laws and as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(v) 
it will, and will require each subsequent Holder to, notify any purchaser or other transferee of U.S. 
Securities from it of the transfer restrictions referred to in paragraph (iv) above, if then applicable; 
(vi) 
that U.S. Securities initially offered in the United States to persons reasonably believed to be, in the case 
of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, QIBs under Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by 
BNPP B.V.,  QIBs who are also QPs will be represented by a Rule 144A Global Security and that the 
U.S. Securities offered outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC 
regulations and guidance will be represented by a Regulation S Global Security; 
(vii) 
on each day from the date on which it acquires U.S. Securities (or any interests therein) through and 
including the date on which it disposes of such U.S. Securities (or any interests therein), either that (a) it 
is not, and is not acting on behalf of or using the assets of, (i) an "employee benefit plan" as defined in 
Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a "plan" as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) 
of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code (including without limitation, an IRA), (iii) an 
entity whose underlying assets include the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan by reason of 
Department of Labor Regulation Section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA), or (iv) a 
governmental, church or non-U.S. plan which is subject to any Similar Law or (b) its acquisition, holding 
and disposition of such U.S. Securities (or any interests therein) (including, if applicable, the receipt of 
any Guarantee or Entitlement) will not constitute or result in a prohibited transaction under Section 406 
of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (or, in the case of a governmental, church or non-U.S. plan, a 
violation of any Similar Law) unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions and all 
the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied; 
(viii) 
that, if it is, or is acting on behalf of, a Plan, (i) none of BNPP, BNPP B.V., any other party to the 
transactions referred to in this Base Prospectus or any of their respective affiliates, has provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice on which it, or any Plan Fiduciary, has relied in 
connection with its decision to invest in the U.S. Securities, and they are not otherwise undertaking to 
act as a fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Plan 
or the Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Plan's acquisition of the U.S. Securities, and (ii) the Plan 
Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction; 
(ix) 
that Rule 144A Global Securities issued by BNPP will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by BNPP: 
"THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY HAVE NOT 
BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 
144A GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  BNP PARIBAS, THE ISSUER OF THIS 
RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY (THE "ISSUER"), HAS NOT REGISTERED AS AN 
INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS 
AMENDED.  THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITY REPRESENTED BY 
THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE 
TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL 
TRANSFER ANY SECURITY ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT 
SECURITIES, AS THE CASE MAY BE, ATTACHED HERETO.

--- Page 289 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
289 
 
 
THE EXERCISE OR REDEMPTION OF THESE SECURITIES MAY BE RESTRICTED AS SET 
FORTH IN THE FINAL TERMS OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS THE CASE 
MAY BE. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF RULE 144A AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION MEETING 
THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A. IF AT ANY TIME THE NEW YORK AGENT 
SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT 
THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A 
GLOBAL SECURITY WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION 
OR AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A "DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE") AND THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT 
A DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER 
THEREOF RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH 
HOLDER. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE U.S. SECURITIES HEREOF (OR ANY 
INTERESTS HEREIN), THE HOLDER REPRESENTS, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON 
WHICH IT ACQUIRES THE U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY INTERESTS THEREIN) THROUGH 
AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH IT DISPOSES OF SUCH U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY 
INTERESTS THEREIN), EITHER THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
OR USING THE ASSETS OF, (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF 
ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101 (AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) (EACH OF 
THE FOREGOING, A "PLAN"), OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN 
SUBJECT TO NON-U.S. OR U.S. LOCAL, STATE OR OTHER FEDERAL LAW OR REGULATION 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, 
HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY INTERESTS 
THEREIN) (INCLUDING, IF APPLICABLE, THE RECEIPT OF ANY GUARANTEE OR 
ENTITLEMENT) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE 
CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, a VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAW). 
IF THE HOLDER HEREOF IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN, IT WILL BE FURTHER 
DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) NONE OF BNPP, BNPP B.V., 
ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR 
OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS 
RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE U.S. SECURITIES, AND 
THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN

--- Page 290 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
290 
 
 
FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES, 
AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY AN AGENT, THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
AGREES TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE 
TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY IS 
PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE 
SECURITIES 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
MAY 
BE 
AMENDED 
OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE SECURITIES TO REFLECT 
ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY.  BY THE ACCEPTANCE OF A SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS 
RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY, THE PURCHASER THEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT."; 
(x) 
that Rule 144A Global Securities issued by BNPP B.V. will bear a legend to the following effect unless 
otherwise agreed to by BNPP B.V.: 
"NEITHER THE SECURITIES NOR THE GUARANTEE OF THESE SECURITIES ISSUED BY BNP 
PARIBAS (THE "GUARANTOR") REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY 
HAVE BEEN REGISTERED OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 
144A GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT UNLESS AN 
EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  NEITHER BNP PARIBAS ISSUANCE 
B.V., THE ISSUER OF THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY (THE "ISSUER"), NOR THE 
GUARANTOR, HAS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT").  THE PURCHASER 
OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL 
SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES 
SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY SECURITY ONLY AS 
PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS 
OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS THE CASE MAY BE, ATTACHED HERETO. 
THE EXERCISE OR REDEMPTION OF THESE SECURITIES MAY BE RESTRICTED AS SET 
FORTH IN THE FINAL TERMS OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS THE CASE 
MAY BE. 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS (A) A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN 
THE MEANING OF RULE 144A AND ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A TRANSACTION 
MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A AND (B) (w) A QUALIFIED PURCHASER 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(c)(7) OF THE 1940 ACT (x) WAS NOT FORMED FOR 
THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER (UNLESS EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER OF THE 
PURCHASER IS A QUALIFIED PURCHASER), (y) HAS RECEIVED THE NECESSARY 
CONSENT FROM ITS BENEFICIAL OWNERS IF THE PURCHASER IS A PRIVATE 
INVESTMENT COMPANY FORMED ON OR BEFORE APRIL 30, 1996 AND (z) IS NOT A 
PENSION, PROFIT SHARING OR OTHER RETIREMENT TRUST FUND OR PLAN IN WHICH

--- Page 291 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
291 
 
 
THE PARTNERS, BENEFICIARIES OR PARTICIPANTS, AS APPLICABLE, MAY DESIGNATE 
THE PARTICULAR INVESTMENT TO BE MADE, AND IN A TRANSACTION THAT MAY BE 
EFFECTED WITHOUT LOSS OF ANY APPLICABLE 1940 ACT EXEMPTION OR EXCLUSION. 
ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED 
BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL REQUIRE THE TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT 
TO THE RELEVANT SECURITY AGENT A CERTIFICATE OF TRANSFER, IN THE FORM SET 
FORTH IN SCHEDULE 8 OF THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR AS 
OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY THE ISSUER, TOGETHER WITH A DULY EXECUTED INVESTOR 
REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM SET 
FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 OF THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR AS 
OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY THE ISSUER.  IF AT ANY TIME THE NEW YORK AGENT 
SUBSEQUENTLY DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT 
THE HOLDER OF ANY INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A 
GLOBAL SECURITY WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION 
OR AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A "DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE") AND THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT 
A DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER 
THEREOF RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH 
HOLDER.   
BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THE U.S. SECURITIES HEREOF (OR ANY 
INTERESTS HEREIN), THE HOLDER REPRESENTS, ON EACH DAY FROM THE DATE ON 
WHICH IT ACQUIRES THE U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY INTERESTS THEREIN) THROUGH 
AND INCLUDING THE DATE ON WHICH IT DISPOSES OF SUCH U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY 
INTERESTS THEREIN), EITHER THAT (A) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACTING ON BEHALF OF 
OR USING THE ASSETS OF, (I) AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, (II) A "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN AND 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED 
(THE "CODE"), (III) AN ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF 
ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101 (AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) (EACH OF 
THE FOREGOING, A "PLAN"), OR (IV) A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN 
SUBJECT TO NON-U.S. OR U.S. LOCAL, STATE OR OTHER FEDERAL LAW OR REGULATION 
THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 OF ERISA 
AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE ("SIMILAR LAW"), OR (B) ITS ACQUISITION, 
HOLDING AND SUBSEQUENT DISPOSITION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY INTERESTS 
THEREIN) (INCLUDING, IF APPLICABLE, THE RECEIPT OF ANY GUARANTEE OR 
ENTITLEMENT) WILL NOT CONSTITUTE OR RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE (OR IN THE 
CASE OF A GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-U.S. PLAN, A VIOLATION OF ANY 
SIMILAR LAW).  
IF THE HOLDER HEREOF IS, OR IS ACTING ON BEHALF OF, A PLAN, IT WILL BE FURTHER 
DEEMED TO REPRESENT, WARRANT AND AGREE THAT (I) NONE OF BNPP, BNPP B.V., 
ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE TRANSACTIONS REFERRED TO IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS, 
OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, HAS PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT 
RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH IT, OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR 
OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE PLAN ("PLAN FIDUCIARY"), HAS 
RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH ITS DECISION TO INVEST IN THE U.S. SECURITIES, AND

--- Page 292 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
292 
 
 
THEY ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A FIDUCIARY, AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 3(21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE PLAN OR THE PLAN 
FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE PLAN'S ACQUISITION OF THE U.S. SECURITIES, 
AND (II) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY A SECURITY AGENT, THE PURCHASER OR 
TRANSFEREE AGREES TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE 
WHETHER THE TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL 
SECURITY IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT.  THE SECURITIES AND 
RELATED DOCUMENTATION MAY BE AMENDED OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO 
TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER 
TRANSFERS OF THE SECURITIES TO REFLECT ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR 
REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO THE 
RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED SECURITIES GENERALLY.  BY THE ACCEPTANCE 
OF A SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS RULE 144A GLOBAL SECURITY, THE PURCHASER 
OR TRANSFEREE THEREOF SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO ANY SUCH 
AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT."; 
(xi) 
that Regulation S Global Securities will bear a legend to the following effect unless otherwise agreed to 
by BNPP or BNPP B.V., as applicable: 
"[THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY HAVE 
NOT BEEN REGISTERED AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY OTHER 
APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  BNP PARIBAS, THE 
ISSUER OF THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY (THE "ISSUER"), HAS NOT 
REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT 
OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT").  THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY 
SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES 
THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES SET FORTH BELOW AND 
AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY SECURITY ONLY AS PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY 
AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS OR FINAL TERMS FOR 
EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS THE CASE MAY BE, ATTACHED HERETO.]48. 
["NEITHER THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY 
NOR THE GUARANTEE OF THESE SECURITIES ISSUED BY BNP PARIBAS (THE 
"GUARANTOR") HAVE BEEN REGISTERED OR WILL BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED 
STATES SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY 
OTHER APPLICABLE U.S. STATE SECURITIES LAWS.  SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED WITHOUT REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
UNLESS AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION IS AVAILABLE.  NEITHER BNP PARIBAS 
ISSUANCE B.V., THE ISSUER OF THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY (THE "ISSUER"), 
NOR THE GUARANTOR, HAS REGISTERED AS AN INVESTMENT COMPANY UNDER THE 
INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940, AS AMENDED (THE "1940 ACT").  THE PURCHASER 
OR TRANSFEREE OF ANY SECURITY REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL 
SECURITY ACKNOWLEDGES THE RESTRICTIONS ON THE TRANSFER OF THE SECURITIES 
SET FORTH BELOW AND AGREES THAT IT SHALL TRANSFER ANY SECURITY ONLY AS 
                                                     
48  
Delete where BNPP B.V. is the Issuer.

--- Page 293 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
293 
 
 
PROVIDED IN THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN OR IN THE FINAL TERMS 
OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS THE CASE MAY BE, ATTACHED HERETO.] 
49 
THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY MAY NOT 
BE HELD OR REDEEMED BY OR ON BEHALF OF ANY PERSONS THAT ARE (I) A "U.S. 
PERSON" AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION 
S"); OR (II) A PERSON OTHER THAN A "NON-UNITED STATES PERSON" AS DEFINED IN 
RULE 4.7 UNDER THE UNITED STATES COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT OF 1936, AS 
AMENDED (THE "COMMODITY EXCHANGE ACT"); OR (III) A "U.S. PERSON" AS DEFINED 
IN (A) THE INTERPRETATIVE GUIDANCE AND POLICY STATEMENT REGARDING 
COMPLIANCE 
WITH 
CERTAIN 
SWAP 
REGULATIONS 
PROMULGATED 
BY 
THE 
COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION (THE "CFTC") (B) THE FINAL RULE 
RELATING TO CROSS-BORDER APPLICATION OF THE REGISTRATION THRESHOLDS AND 
CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO SWAP DEALERS AND MAJOR SWAP 
PARTICIPANTS PROMULGATED BY THE CFTC, IN EACH CASE AS AMENDED, MODIFIED 
OR SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME, PURSUANT TO THE COMMODITY EXCHANGE 
ACT; OR (IV) ANY OTHER "U.S. PERSON" AS SUCH TERM MAY BE DEFINED IN 
REGULATION S OR IN REGULATIONS OR GUIDANCE ADOPTED UNDER THE COMMODITY 
EXCHANGE ACT (EACH SUCH PERSON, A "U.S. PERSON"). 
EACH HOLDER OF A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS 
REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED WITH 
RESPECT TO ITSELF AND EACH ACCOUNT FOR WHICH IT IS PURCHASING THAT IT AND 
EACH HOLDER OF SUCH ACCOUNT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION 
S) AND THAT IT AND EACH SUCH HOLDER HAS ACQUIRED SUCH INTEREST IN A 
TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF REGULATION S AND CFTC 
REGULATIONS AND GUIDANCE AND WILL NOT ENGAGE IN HEDGING TRANSACTIONS 
WITH REGARD TO THE SECURITIES UNLESS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE SECURITIES 
ACT.  ANY RESALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF AN INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL REQUIRE THE 
TRANSFEROR TO SUBMIT TO THE PRINCIPAL AGENT A TRANSFER CERTIFICATE, IN THE 
APPROPRIATE FORM SET FORTH IN SCHEDULE 8 OF THE AGENCY AGREEMENT 
REFERRED 
TO 
HEREIN, 
TOGETHER 
WITH 
A 
DULY 
EXECUTED 
INVESTOR 
REPRESENTATION LETTER FROM THE RELEVANT TRANSFEREE, IN THE FORM SET 
FORTH IN SCHEDULE 9 OF THE AGENCY AGREEMENT REFERRED TO HEREIN (OR IN THE 
FORM ATTACHED TO THE FINAL TERMS OR FINAL TERMS FOR EXEMPT SECURITIES, AS 
THE CASE MAY BE). IF AT ANY TIME THE PRINCIPAL AGENT SUBSEQUENTLY 
DETERMINES OR IS SUBSEQUENTLY NOTIFIED BY THE ISSUER THAT THE HOLDER OF 
ANY INTEREST IN THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL 
SECURITY WAS IN BREACH, AT THE TIME GIVEN, OF ANY REPRESENTATION OR 
AGREEMENT GIVEN BY SUCH HOLDER, THE PURPORTED TRANSFER SHALL BE 
ABSOLUTELY NULL AND VOID AB INITIO AND SHALL VEST NO RIGHTS IN THE 
PURPORTED TRANSFEREE (SUCH PURPORTED TRANSFEREE, A "DISQUALIFIED 
TRANSFEREE") AND THE LAST PRECEDING HOLDER OF SUCH INTEREST THAT WAS NOT 
A DISQUALIFIED TRANSFEREE SHALL BE RESTORED TO ALL RIGHTS AS A HOLDER 
THEREOF RETROACTIVELY TO THE DATE OF TRANSFER OF SUCH INTEREST BY SUCH 
HOLDER. 
THE ACQUISITION OF U.S. SECURITIES (OR ANY INTERESTS THEREIN) BY, OR ON BEHALF 
OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
3(3) OF THE U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED 
                                                     
49  
Delete if BNPP is the Issuer.

--- Page 294 ---
NOTICE TO PURCHASERS AND HOLDERS OF U.S. SECURITIES AND TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS 
294 
 
 
("ERISA"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, OR ANY "PLAN" AS DEFINED IN 
SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE"), THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE, OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE THE ASSETS OF ANY SUCH EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN 
OR PLAN BY REASON OF DEPARTMENT OF LABOR REGULATION SECTION 2510.3-101 (AS 
MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA), OR ANY GOVERNMENTAL, CHURCH OR NON-
U.S. PLAN SUBJECT TO NON-U.S. OR U.S. LOCAL, STATE OR OTHER FEDERAL LAW OR 
REGULATION THAT IS SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 406 
OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE IS PROHIBITED. 
IF REQUESTED BY THE ISSUER OR BY AN AGENT, THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE 
AGREES TO PROVIDE THE INFORMATION NECESSARY TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE 
TRANSFER OF SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY 
IS PERMISSIBLE UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE 
SECURITIES 
AND 
RELATED 
DOCUMENTATION 
MAY 
BE 
AMENDED 
OR 
SUPPLEMENTED FROM TIME TO TIME TO MODIFY THE RESTRICTIONS ON AND 
PROCEDURES FOR RESALES AND OTHER TRANSFERS OF THE SECURITIES TO REFLECT 
ANY CHANGE IN APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION (OR THE INTERPRETATION 
THEREOF) OR IN PRACTICES RELATING TO THE RESALE OR TRANSFER OF RESTRICTED 
SECURITIES GENERALLY.  THE PURCHASER OR TRANSFEREE OF SECURITIES 
REPRESENTED BY THIS REGULATION S GLOBAL SECURITY SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE 
AGREED TO ANY SUCH AMENDMENT OR SUPPLEMENT."; 
(xii) 
that BNPP, BNPP B.V. and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements and agrees that if any of such acknowledgements, 
representations or agreements made by it are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify BNPP or BNPP 
B.V., as the case may be; and if it is acquiring any U.S. Securities as a fiduciary or agent for one or more 
accounts it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it 
has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of 
each such account. 
(xiii) 
QIBs who are QPs who purchase U.S. Securities are required to execute and deliver to BNPP B.V. an 
Investor Representation Letter and to comply with such other restrictions on transfer and other 
requirements as may be set forth in the Investor Representation Letter or in any applicable U.S. wrapper 
to the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 295 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
295 
 
 
OFFERING AND SALE 
No action has been or will be taken by BNPP B.V., BNPP or the Managers that would permit a public 
offering of any W&C Securities or possession or distribution of any offering material in relation to any 
W&C Securities in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  No offers, sales, re-sales or 
deliveries of any W&C Securities, or distribution of any offering material relating to any W&C Securities, 
may be made in or from any jurisdiction except in circumstances which will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations and which will not impose any obligation on BNPP B.V., BNPP and/or the 
Managers.  
United States  
Neither the W&C Securities nor the Guarantee has been, or will be, registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any other applicable U.S. state securities laws, and trading in 
the W&C Securities has not been approved by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") under 
the United States Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "Commodity Exchange Act").  Neither 
Issuer has registered as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act.  Unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms with respect to U.S. Securities, the W&C Securities are being offered and 
sold in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S").  No W&C Securities, other than the 
U.S. Securities, or interests therein, may at any time be offered, sold, resold, traded, pledged, exercised, redeemed, 
transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. 
person, and any offer, sale, resale, trade, pledge, exercise, redemption, transfer or delivery made, directly or 
indirectly, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, a U.S. person will not be recognised, 
other than with respect to U.S. Securities.  The W&C Securities of such series may not be legally or beneficially 
owned at any time by any U.S. person, and accordingly are being offered and sold outside the United States only 
to non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S and pursuant to CFTC regulations and guidance. 
As used herein, a "U.S. person" is (i) a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-
United States person" as defined in Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act; (iii) a "U.S. person" as defined 
in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations 
promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the final rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds 
and Certain Requirements Applicable to Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, 
in each case as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; 
or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted 
under the Commodity Exchange Act. 
If specified in the applicable Final Terms, certain issues of W&C Securities may be offered and sold in the United 
States.  Such U.S. Securities may only be offered and sold to persons reasonably believed to be in the case of U.S. 
Securities issued by BNPP, a QIB under Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., a 
QIB who is also a QP in reliance upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act 
provided by Rule 144A.  In such case, such U.S. Securities may concurrently be offered and sold to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in reliance on Regulation S.  For further information on certain restrictions on 
resale, transfer, exercise and redemption, see "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of U.S. Securities and Transfer 
Restrictions".  Offers and sales of U.S. Securities in the United States will be made only through broker-dealers 
who are registered as such under the Exchange Act. 
U.S. Securities are being offered from time to time within the United States by the Issuers through BNP Paribas 
Securities Corp., a broker-dealer Affiliate of the Issuers (the "Initial Dealer"), or one or more other broker-dealers 
appointed by an Issuer from time to time (collectively with the Initial Dealer, the "U.S. Dealers").  The U.S. 
Securities may be sold to each U.S. Dealer at a discount, as principal, for resale to investors or other purchasers 
at varying prices related to prevailing market prices at the time of resale, to be determined by such U.S. Dealer 
or, if so agreed, at a fixed offering price. Each Issuer will have the sole right to accept offers to purchase U.S. 
Securities and may reject any proposed purchase of U.S. Securities in whole or in part.  Each U.S. Dealer will

--- Page 296 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
296 
 
 
have the right, in its discretion reasonably exercised, to reject any proposed purchase of U.S. Securities through it 
in whole or in part. 
Each Issuer has reserved the right to sell U.S. Securities through one or more other dealers in addition to the U.S. 
Dealers and directly to investors on its own behalf in those jurisdictions where it is authorised to do so.  No 
commission will be payable by any Issuer to any of the relevant U.S. Dealers on account of sales of U.S. Securities 
made through such other dealers or directly by any Issuer. 
In addition, the U.S. Dealers may offer the U.S. Securities they have purchased as principal to other dealers.  The 
U.S. Dealers may sell U.S. Securities to any dealer at a discount and, unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, such discount allowed to any dealer will not be in excess of the discount to be received by such U.S. 
Dealer from any Issuer.  Unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms, any U.S. Securities sold to a 
U.S. Dealer as principal will be purchased by such U.S. Dealer at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount thereof less a percentage equal to the commission applicable to any agency sale of U.S. Securities of 
identical maturity, and may be resold by the U.S. Dealer to investors and other purchasers as described above.  
After the initial offering of U.S. Securities to be resold to investors and other purchasers, the offering price (in the 
case of U.S. Securities to be resold at a fixed offering price), the concession and discount may be changed. 
Each of BNPP B.V. and BNPP has agreed to indemnify each relevant U.S. Dealer against, or to make contributions 
relating to, certain civil liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. 
The Initial Dealer has advised the Issuers that the Initial Dealer may make a market in the U.S. Securities; however, 
neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP can provide any assurance that a secondary market for the U.S. Securities will 
develop.  After a distribution of a series of U.S. Securities is completed, because of certain regulatory restrictions 
arising from its affiliation with the Issuers, the Initial Dealer may not be able to make a market in such series of 
U.S. Securities or, except on a limited, unsolicited basis, effect any transactions for the account of any customer 
in such series of U.S. Securities.  Other broker-dealers unaffiliated with the Issuers will not be subject to such 
prohibitions. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may be used by Affiliates of the Issuers in connection with offers and 
sales related to secondary market transactions in the U.S. Securities.  Such Affiliates may act as principal or agent 
in such transactions.  Such sales will be made at prices related to prevailing prices at the time of a sale. 
BNP Paribas Securities Corp., the Initial Dealer for the U.S. Securities offered hereby, is an Affiliate of each 
Issuer and a subsidiary of BNPP. 
Each U.S. Dealer may be deemed to be an "underwriter" within the meaning of the Securities Act, and any 
discounts and commissions received by it and any profit realised by it on resale of the U.S. Securities may be 
deemed to be underwriting discounts and commissions. 
Each purchaser of U.S. Securities offered hereby in making its purchase will be deemed to have represented and 
agreed with the applicable Issuer as set forth under "Notice to Purchasers and Holders of U.S. Securities and 
Transfer Restrictions" herein. 
In connection with sales of U.S. Securities outside the United States, each relevant U.S. Dealer will be required 
to agree that, except as described in the preceding paragraph, it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not 
offer, sell or deliver, any W&C Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons (a) as part of its distribution at any time and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of an offering and the closing date, and it will have sent to each dealer or distributor to which it 
sells such U.S. Securities during the Distribution Compliance Period a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of such U.S. Securities within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons.

--- Page 297 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
297 
 
 
In addition, until the expiration of the 40-day Distribution Compliance Period with respect to an offering of U.S. 
Securities pursuant to the registration exemption contained in Regulation S under the Securities Act, an offer or 
sale of such U.S. Securities within the United States by any dealer that is not participating in such offering may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with Rule 144A or another available exemption under the Securities Act. 
Terms used above that are defined in Rule 144A or Regulation S have the respective meanings given to them 
therein, as applicable. 
W&C Securities in bearer form that are treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or its possessions or to 
United States persons, except in certain circumstances permitted by U.S. Treasury regulations.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and the 
Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
The Final Terms in respect of any U.S. Securities will set forth additional information relating to the offer, sale or 
distribution of U.S. Securities.  
Prohibition of Sales to European Economic Area ("EEA") and UK Retail Investors 
Please note that in relation to EEA states, additional selling restrictions may apply in respect of any specific EEA 
state, including those set out below in relation to France and the Netherlands. Please also note that additional 
selling restrictions apply in respect of the United Kingdom, as set out below. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
applicable, W&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA, other than in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document (if required) is made 
available. If the Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as not applicable, W&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the EEA, provided that, where a key information document is required pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation"), the W&C Securities may only be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to retail investors in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made 
available. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the W&C Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the W&C Securities.

--- Page 298 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
298 
 
 
With respect to each Member State of the EEA (each, a "Member State"), offers of W&C Securities which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in that Member State may not be made except offers of such W&C Securities to the public in that 
Member State and in the jurisdiction(s) for which a key information document is made available may be made: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the W&C Securities specify that an offer of those W&C Securities may 
be made other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a "Non-
exempt Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to those W&C Securities 
which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, 
approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided 
that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non-
exempt Offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the 
dates specified in such prospectus or final terms as applicable and the relevant Issuer has consented in 
writing to its use for the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;  
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Issuer or any Manager for 
any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of W&C Securities referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the relevant Issuer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(i) 
the expression an "offer" in relation to any W&C Securities in any Member State means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the 
W&C Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the W&C 
Securities; and 
(ii) 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors " as 
applicable, W&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom unless a key information document (if required) is made available in the United 
Kingdom. If the Final Terms in respect of any W&C Securities specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as not applicable, W&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto may be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom, provided that, where a key information document is required 
pursuant to Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation"), the W&C Securities may only be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to retail investors in the United Kingdom if a key information document is made 
available in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 299 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
299 
 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the W&C Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the W&C Securities. 
Offers of W&C Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom may not be made, except offers of such 
W&C Securities to the public in the United Kingdom may be made if a key information document is made 
available and: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Issuer or any Manager for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of W&C Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the relevant Issuer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression an "offer of W&C Securities to the public" in relation to any W&C Securities means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the W&C Securities to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
W&C Securities; and 
(b) 
"UK Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
France 
Any offer, placement or sale of the W&C Securities in France will only be made in compliance with all applicable 
French laws and regulations in force regarding such offer, placement or sale of the W&C Securities and the 
distribution in France of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the W&C Securities. 
Netherlands  
The W&C Securities may only be offered in the Netherlands to Qualified Investors (as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation).

--- Page 300 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
300 
 
 
Zero coupon W&C Securities in definitive bearer form on which interest does not become due and payable during 
their term but only at maturity (that qualify as savings certificates or spaarbewijzen as defined in the Dutch 
Savings Certificates Act or Wet inzake spaarbewijzen; the "SCA") may only be transferred and accepted, directly 
or indirectly, within, from or into the Netherlands through the mediation of either the Issuer or a member of 
Euronext Amsterdam N.V. with due observance of the provisions of the SCA and its implementing regulations 
(which include registration requirements).  No such mediation is required, however, in respect of (i) the initial 
issue of such W&C Securities to the first holders thereof, (ii) the transfer and acceptance by individuals who do 
not act in the conduct of a profession or business, and (iii) the issue and trading of such W&C Securities if they 
are physically issued outside the Netherlands and are not immediately thereafter distributed in the Netherlands. 
United Kingdom 
W&C Securities issued by BNPP B.V. which have a maturity of less than one year will not be offered or sold 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where 
the issue of the W&C Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by BNPP 
B.V. 
An invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) in 
connection with the issue or sale of any W&C Securities may only be communicated to and will only be 
communicated to (and the relevant Issuer or distributor may only cause to be communicated and will only cause 
to be communicated) in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of BNPP, 
would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the relevant Issuer or the Guarantor. 
All applicable provisions of the FSMA must be complied in respect of anything done by any purchaser in relation 
to any W&C Securities issued in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
No W&C Securities of any series have been or will be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). W&C Securities may not be offered or sold directly 
or indirectly (a) in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, 
Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act of Japan (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)) or (b) to 
others for re-offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of any resident of Japan, in 
each case, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.  
India 
Each holder of W&C Securities and each beneficial owner of W&C Securities will be required to make the 
representations and warranties set out below, as a condition to purchasing or owning such W&C Securities: 
(a) 
The holder is not: 
(i) 
a "person resident in India" (as such term is defined under the Foreign Exchange Management 
Act, 1999, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time (the "FEMA")); 
(ii) 
a "non-resident Indian" and "overseas citizen of India" (as such terms are defined under rule 2 
of the Foreign Exchange Management (Non-debt Instruments) Rules, 2019 under the FEMA, 
as may be amended or supplemented from time to time); and 
(iii) 
registered as a Category II foreign portfolio investor with the Securities and Exchange Board of 
India (the "SEBI") as per the provisions of the FPI Regulations 2019;

--- Page 301 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
301 
 
 
(each a "Restricted Entity"),  
provided that the conditions mentioned in (a)(i) above and (e)(i) and (e)(ii) below will not be applicable 
for entities incorporated or registered in an international financial services centre (as defined under clause 
(q) of section 2 of the Special Economic Zones Act, 2005); 
provided further that, it shall notify the Issuer immediately, as soon as it becomes a Restricted Entity or 
if it fails to fulfil any of the representations set out in (c) and (e) below, either consequent to filing of an 
application with a Designated Depository Participant (as defined under the Foreign Portfolio Investor 
Regulation 2019 and/or any other subsidiary regulations or circulars (if any) issued pursuant thereto (the 
"FPI Regulations 2019")) for governing foreign portfolio investors ("FPIs") or as a result of a re-
categorization (or any other reason) and shall take all steps as may be required by the Issuer, including, 
if required, to ensure that the Offshore Derivative Instrument (“ODI”) transaction is terminated 
immediately and in the manner required by the Issuer; 
provided further that, the holder subscribing for the W&C Securities would not result in Restricted 
Entities/entities which are not Eligible Entities indirectly subscribing for or dealing in ODIs; and 
provided further that, in case the holder changes investment managers/advisers/sub-managers/sub-
advisers (each, a "Manager/Adviser Transfer"), such holder shall issue a written notice to the Issuer in 
such form as the Issuer may determine thirty (30) business days prior to the Manager/Adviser Transfer. 
(b) 
It is not a person/entity (i) whose control is with a Restricted Entity; or (ii) whose constituents are a 
Restricted Entity under clause (i) and (ii) of paragraph (a), in breach of Regulation 4(c)50 of the FPI 
Regulations 2019 read with Part A point 1, (ii)51 of the Master Circular for Foreign Portfolio Investors, 
Designated Depository Participants and Eligible Foreign Investors issued under the FPI Regulations 2019 
(the "Master Circular" and, together with the FPI Regulations 2019, the "Indian FPI Laws"). 
For the purposes of this representation, "control" includes the right to appoint majority of the directors 
or to control the management or policy decisions exercisable by a person or persons acting individually 
or in concert, directly or indirectly, including by virtue of their shareholding or management rights or 
shareholders agreements or voting agreements or in any other manner.   
Notwithstanding the foregoing definition, in the case only where a person's/entity's investments are being 
managed on a discretionary basis by an investment manager, such investment manager shall not be 
deemed to be such person's/entity's controller for the purposes of this representation by reason only of it 
being able to control the decision-making in relation to the person's/entity's financial, investment and/or 
operating policies. 
                                                     
50  
Resident Indians other than individuals, may also be constituents of the foreign portfolio investor (“FPI”), subject to the following 
conditions, namely –  
(i) 
such resident Indian, other than individuals, is an eligible fund manager of the FPI, as provided under sub-section (4) 
of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961); and 
(ii) 
the applicant is an eligible investment fund as provided under sub-section (3) of section 9A of the Income Tax Act, 
1961 (43 of 1961) which has been granted approval under the Income Tax Rules, 1962 
Provided that resident Indian, other than individuals, may also be constituents of the applicant, subject to the following conditions, 
namely – 
(i) 
the applicant is an Alternative Investment Fund set up in the International Financial Services Centres and regulated by 
the International Financial Services Centres Authority; 
(ii) 
such resident Indian, other than individuals, is a Sponsor or Manager of the applicant; and 
(iii) 
the contribution of such resident Indian, other than individuals, shall be up to- 
(a) 
2.5% of the corpus of the applicant or US $ 750,000 (whichever is lower), in case the applicant is a Category 
I or Category II Alternative Investment Fund; or 
(b) 
5% of the corpus of the applicant or US $ 1.5 million (whichever is lower), in case the applicant is a Category 
III Alternative Investment Fund. 
51  
Pursuant to SEBI Master Circular dated 19 December 2022, the Explanation under Part A1 (ii) of the Master Circular provides that 
the contribution of resident Indian individuals shall be made through the Liberalised Remittance Scheme notified by the Reserve 
Bank of India in global funds whose Indian exposure is less than 50%.

--- Page 302 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
302 
 
 
(c) 
It is an Eligible Entity, i.e. an entity which is eligible to be registered as a Category I foreign portfolio 
investor5253 with the SEBI pursuant to the Indian FPI Laws for governing FPIs. 
(d) 
The purchase or ownership of these W&C Securities or any interest in these W&C Securities has not 
been entered into with the intent of circumventing or otherwise avoiding any requirements applicable 
under any laws applicable in India (including, without limitation, the Indian FPI Laws or any restrictions 
applicable to FPIs in relation to their issuance and/or other dealings in offshore derivative instruments 
(as such term is defined in the FPI Regulations 2019) with, Restricted Entities and persons/entities who 
are not Eligible Entities) or laws governing dealing in the securities market, including the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, Securities and Exchange 
Board of India (Prohibition of Fraudulent and Unfair Trade Practices relating to Securities Markets) 
Regulations, 2003 and Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and 
Takeovers) Regulations, 2011, each as amended from time to time, together with any modifications 
thereto or re-enactments thereof). 
(e) 
It:  
(i) 
is a resident of a country whose securities market regulator is a signatory to International 
Organization of Securities Commission's Multilateral Memorandum of Understanding 
(Appendix A Signatories) or a signatory to bilateral Memorandum of Understanding54 with the 
SEBI (except where a government or government related investor is resident of a country which 
has been so approved by the Government of India in this regard);  
(ii) 
is a bank that is a resident of a country whose central bank is a member of Bank for International 
Settlements55; 
(iii) 
or the underlying investors56 are not mentioned in the sanctions list notified from time to time 
by the United Nations Security Council. Further, neither of them are resident in a country 
identified in the public statement of the Financial Action Task Force as (i) a jurisdiction having 
a strategic deficiencies in Anti-Money Laundering or Combating the Financing of Terrorism to 
which counter measures apply; or (ii) a jurisdiction that has not made sufficient progress in 
addressing the deficiencies or has not committed to an action plan developed with the Financial 
Action Task Force to address the deficiencies; 
(iv) 
is legally permitted to invest in securities outside the country of its incorporation or 
establishment or place of business;  
(v) 
is authorized by its Memorandum of Association and Articles of Association or equivalent 
documents or agreement to transact in ODIs;  
                                                     
52  
Regulation 21(1)(b) of the FPI Regulations 2019 states that if investment manager is from financial action task force member 
country, then such investment manager need not be registered as category I foreign portfolio investor. 
53  
As per the Regulation 5(a)(iv) of the FPI Regulation 2019 "Category I foreign portfolio investors" shall include:  
"Entities from the Financial Action Task Force member countries or from any country specified by the Central 
Government by an order or by way of an agreement or treaty with other sovereign Governments, which are-  
(I) 
appropriately regulated funds;  
(II)  
unregulated funds whose investment manager is appropriately regulated and registered as a Category I 
foreign portfolio investor, provided that the investment manager undertakes the responsibility of all the acts 
of commission or omission of such unregulated fund; and 
 (III)  
university related endowments of such universities that have been in existence for more than five years."  
In exercise of the power conferred under Regulation 5(a)(iv) of the FPI Regulation 2019, the Ministry of Finance has notified 
Mauritius (vide order dated 13 April 2020), United Arab Emirates (vide order dated 9 February 2021) and Cyprus (vide order dated 
14 June 2021) as eligible countries for the purpose of Regulation 5(a)(iv) of the FPI Regulation 2019. As a result of these orders, 
the above mentioned entities from these countries would be eligible to be registered as Category I FPIs. 
54  
A bilateral Memorandum of Understanding between the SEBI and any authority outside India that provides for an information 
sharing arrangement as specified under clause (ib) of sub-section (2) of Section 11 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
Act, 1992. 
55  
If the holder is a central bank then such holder need not be a member of Bank for International Settlements. 
56  
Investors contributing twenty-five per cent or more in the corpus of the holder or identified on the basis of control.

--- Page 303 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
303 
 
 
(vi) 
is a fit and proper person based on the criteria specified in Schedule II of the Securities and 
Exchange Board of India (Intermediaries) Regulations, 2008;  
(vii) 
has sufficient experience, a good track record, is professionally competent, financially sound 
and has a generally good reputation of fairness and integrity; and 
(viii) 
has not been restricted or constrained (including, without limitation, by any authority, regulator 
or court) from investing in its home country or overseas, or, convicted for any money laundering 
related offence. 
(f) 
It shall promptly pay to the Issuer any applicable fees (including the regulatory fees recoverable by the 
Issuer from the subscribers of the ODIs issued) as soon as the same is demanded by the Issuer. 
(g) 
The holder will provide such information and documents (including in relation to any procedures on 
identification and verification of identity) as may be requested from time to time in relation to the 
beneficial owners. This requirement may include providing information on the following57:  
(i) 
in the case of companies, a person who, whether acting alone or together, or through one or 
more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to more than 25 per cent. of shares or capital or 
profits of the company, or, exercises control through other means. For the purposes of this 
representation, "control" shall have the same meaning as set out in clause (a) of sub rule (3) of 
Rule 9 of the Prevention of Money-laundering (Maintenance of Records) Rules, 2005;  
(ii) 
in the case of trusts, beneficiaries with 15 per cent. or more interest in the holder; 
(iii) 
in the case of partnership firms, a person who, whether acting alone or together, or through one 
or more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to more than 15 per cent. of capital or profits 
of the partnership; 
(iv) 
in the case of an unincorporated association or body of individuals, a person who, whether acting 
alone or together, or through one or more persons, has ownership of or entitlement to more than 
15 per cent. of the property or capital or profits of such association or body of individuals; and 
(v) 
in case no material shareholder/beneficial owner is identified applying the above thresholds, the 
natural person who holds the position of senior managing official of the holder, or the 
investment manager (who is controlling the affairs of the holder).  
(h) 
It shall ensure that the aggregate investment by each holder, (whether directly in its own name as a FPI 
or as an ODI subscriber58, or as a client of appropriately regulated entities (that are FPIs) investing on 
behalf of their clients59, or by entities in the "investor group" (as per the meaning given to such term in 
Regulation 22(3) of the FPI Regulations 2019) to which the holder belongs) 60 in equity shares of each 
Indian company is below 10 per cent. of the total issued capital of the company and the holder shall 
                                                     
57  
The Master Circular provides that "In respect of FPIs (other than Category I FPI registered under Regulation 5(a)(i)) coming from 
"high risk jurisdictions" as identified by intermediary, the intermediaries may apply lower materiality threshold of 10% for 
identification of BO." Accordingly, for holders coming from high risk jurisdictions lower thresholds may be applicable. 
58  
The Master Circular provides that "For this purpose, two or more ODI subscribers having common ownership, directly or indirectly, 
of more than fifty percent or common control shall be considered together as a single ODI subscriber, in the same manner as is 
being done in the case of FPIs." 
59  
Part A – 2(v) of the Master Circular provides that "Investments made by each such client, either directly as FPI and/or through its 
investor group shall be clubbed with the investments made by such clients (holding more than 50% in the FPI) through the above 
referenced appropriately regulated FPIs." 
60  
Per the SEBI circular dated 1 October 2020 (read with SEBI circular dated 10 October 2019), Indian depositories are also instructed 
to club investments by an FPI/group of FPIs in depository receipts with their positions held as an ODI subscriber and investments 
as an FPI (as against the requirement of only clubbing positions as an ODI subscriber and investments as an FPI at group levels as 
specified under the Indian FPI Laws) while computing the investment limit applicable for an FPI/group of FPIs. Accordingly, the 
FPI shall be required to take into consideration holdings in the form of depository receipts (issued after 10 October 2019) while 
computing the investment limit applicable to it to avoid any mandatory divestment obligation that may be imposed by Indian 
depositories.

--- Page 304 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
304 
 
 
provide information in this regard to the Issuer, as and when and in such form and manner as may be 
required.  
(i) 
It has not taken any fresh ODI positions or renewed, extended or rolled over their existing ODI positions 
in relation to ODIs with derivatives as an underlying (except where such underlying derivative positions 
are permitted for the ODI issuing FPI as per the conditions mentioned under Part D − 1 of the Master 
Circular).  
(j) 
The purchase or ownership of these W&C Securities or any interest in these W&C Securities does not 
violate any applicable laws (including, without limitation, any legislations, rules, regulations, 
notifications, circulars or guidelines), or, any orders or directives, which may be issued from time to 
time, including in relation to the eligibility and permissibility of each holder to transact in ODIs. 
(k) 
These W&C Securities or any interest in these W&C Securities have been purchased (and held) by the 
investor as a principal for the holder's own account and not as an agent, nominee, trustee or representative 
of any other person/entity and that the holder has not entered into any agreement or arrangement for the 
issuance of a back-to-back ODI against such W&C Securities. 
Each holder of W&C Securities and each beneficial owner of W&C Securities will be required to agree and 
undertake that: 
(A) 
it will not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of these W&C 
Securities or any interest in these W&C Securities to or for the benefit or account of any 
Restricted Entity; 
(B) 
it will not, directly or indirectly, sell, transfer, assign, novate or otherwise dispose of these W&C 
Securities or any interest in these W&C Securities to or for the benefit or account of any 
person/entity who is not an Eligible Entity; 
(C) 
it will obtain prior consent of the Issuer for any transfer, unless the person to whom the transfer 
is to be made is pre-approved by the Issuer; 
(D) 
it shall provide necessary documents (which may include documents relating to the holder or 
the beneficial owners of the holder) from time to time so as to enable Issuer to maintain 
compliance with know your client requirements and beneficial ownership related requirements 
under the Indian FPI Laws and such information can be stored by the Issuer for any period of 
time as Issuer deems fit; 
(E) 
it consents to the provision by the Issuer to any Indian governmental or regulatory authority (an 
"Authority") of any information or any document in its possession regarding the holder or the 
beneficial owner of the holder and any other information regarding the W&C Securities or the 
holder's interest in the W&C Securities as the Issuer reasonably deems necessary or appropriate 
in order to comply with the regulations or requests of such Authority from time to time;  
(F) 
it will, at its option, either: 
(I) 
provide to the Issuer such additional information as the Issuer reasonably deems 
necessary or appropriate in order to comply with regulations or requests of any 
Authority from time to time (the "Additional Information"); or 
(II) 
subject to such Authority accepting such direct provision, provide such Additional 
Information directly to such Authority and confirm to the Issuer that it has done so;

--- Page 305 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
305 
 
 
(G) 
it agrees that in the event of any non-compliance with, or breach, violation or contravention by 
the holder of any of the terms set out herein, the Issuer may notify any Authority of any such 
breach, violation or contravention and exercise any rights and take any measures available to 
prevent, avoid, mitigate, remedy or cure such non-compliance, breach, violation or 
contravention; 
(H) 
it agrees that the Issuer may, to the extent required to comply with applicable laws, regulations, 
notifications, circulars, rules, guidelines, clarifications, directions, orders and/or decrees issued 
by a governmental or regulatory authority, by issuing a written notice to the holder, unilaterally 
modifying the restrictions set out herein after purchase of the W&C Securities and notifying the 
holder of the same , and such written notice shall be effective and deemed agreed and accepted 
by the holder when issued; 
(I) 
it undertakes to ensure that the specific requirements and obligations mentioned in the India 
side letter are satisfied and complied with; and 
(J) 
it undertakes to promptly notify the Issuer should any of the warranties, agreements, 
undertakings and representations set out herein, be breached, change or no longer hold true. 
This document has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus either with the Registrar of 
Companies or with any other regulatory authority in India, and the holder will not circulate or distribute 
this document or any other offering document or material relating to the W&C Securities to any person 
in India.  
The People's Republic of China 
The W&C Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, or offered or sold or delivered to any person for 
reoffering or resale or redelivery, in any such case directly or indirectly, in the People's Republic of China 
(excluding Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan) (the 
"PRC"), or to residents of the PRC, unless such offer or sale is made in compliance with all applicable laws and 
regulations of the PRC. 
Republic of Korea 
The W&C Securities have not been and will not be registered with the Financial Services Commission of Korea 
for public offering in the Republic of Korea under the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (the 
"FSCMA"). The W&C Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, or offered or sold 
to any person for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of Korea or to any resident of the 
Republic of Korea except pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea, including the 
FSCMA and the Foreign Exchange Transaction Law (the "FETL") and the decrees and regulations thereunder. 
The W&C Securities may not be resold to South Korean residents unless the purchaser of the W&C Securities 
complies with all applicable regulatory requirements (including but not limited to government reporting 
requirements under the FETL and its subordinate decrees and regulations) in connection with the purchase of the 
W&C Securities.  
Taiwan 
The W&C Securities have not been and will not be registered or filed with, or approved by, the Financial 
Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or other regulatory authority or agency of Taiwan pursuant to relevant 
securities laws and regulations of Taiwan and may not be issued, offered or sold within Taiwan through a public 
offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer within the meaning of the Securities and Exchange Act of 
Taiwan that requires a registration, filing or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of Taiwan and/or 
other regulatory authority or agency of Taiwan.  No person or entity in Taiwan has been authorised to offer or sell 
the W&C Securities in Taiwan.  The W&C Securities may be made available outside Taiwan for purchase outside

--- Page 306 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
306 
 
 
Taiwan by Taiwan resident investors, but may not be offered or sold in Taiwan unless the W&C Securities offered 
or sold to investors in Taiwan are through Taiwan licensed financial institutions to the extent permitted under 
relevant Taiwan laws or regulations such as the Directions for Offshore Banking Branches Conducting Securities 
Businesses.  
Hong Kong 
No person: 
(a) 
has offered or sold or will offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any W&C Securities 
(except for W&C Securities which are a "structured product" as defined in the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the "SFO")) other than (i) to "professional investors" as defined in 
the SFO and any rules made under the SFO; or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in the 
document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) 
Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which do not constitute an offer to the public 
within the meaning of C(WUMP)O; and  
(b) 
has issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, or will issue or have in its possession for the 
purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation or document 
relating to the W&C Securities, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or 
read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) 
other than with respect to W&C Securities which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons 
outside Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under 
the SFO. 
Socialist Republic of Vietnam  
These W&C Securities may not be offered or sold directly or indirectly in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam 
("Vietnam") or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Vietnam (which term as used herein shall mean (a) any 
person resident in Vietnam, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Vietnam (a 
"Vietnamese Entity")), or (b) any Vietnamese citizen residing aboard or any Vietnamese Entity acting through a 
representative office or a branch established in any other country except to Vietnamese Entities who are permitted 
or approved by competent authorities to purchase these W&C Securities according to Vietnamese law. Unless 
permitted under the securities laws of Vietnam, no advertisement, invitation or document relating to the W&C 
Securities will be issued in Vietnam or elsewhere, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be 
accessed or read by, any person in Vietnam. 
Thailand 
This Base Prospectus has not been approved by or filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
other regulatory authority of the Kingdom of Thailand.  Accordingly, the W&C Securities may not be offered or 
sold, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any other documents relating to the offer of the W&C Securities may 
be distributed, directly or indirectly, to any person in Thailand except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the Thai government and 
regulatory authorities in effect at the relevant time. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase of the W&C Securities may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the 
W&C Securities be offered or sold or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA"))

--- Page 307 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
307 
 
 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant 
to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the 
conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA.  
Where the W&C Securities are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which 
is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or  
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the W&C Securities pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(c)(ii) of the SFA;  
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;   
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
Australia 
This document and the offer of W&C Securities is only made available in Australia to persons to whom a 
disclosure document such as a prospectus or product disclosure statement is not required to be given under either 
Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  This document is not a prospectus, product disclosure 
statement or any other form of formal "disclosure document" for the purposes of Australian Law, and is not 
required to, and does not, contain all the information which would be required in a product disclosure statement 
or prospectus under Australian law. 
This document is only provided on the condition that the information in and accompanying this document is 
strictly for the use of prospective investors and their advisers only.  Neither this document nor any extract or 
conclusion from this document may be provided to any other person in Australia without the written consent of 
the Issuer, which it may withhold in its absolute discretion.  This document has not been and will not be lodged 
or registered with the Australian Securities and Investments Commission or the ASX Limited or any other 
regulatory body or agency in Australia.  The persons referred to in this document may not hold Australian 
Financial Services licences.  No cooling off regime applies to an acquisition of the W&C Securities.   Under no 
circumstances is this document to be used by a retail client for the purpose of making a decision about a financial 
product. 
This document contains general advice only and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial 
situation or needs of any particular person. Accordingly, before making an investment decision in relation to this

--- Page 308 ---
OFFERING AND SALE 
308 
 
 
document, you should assess whether the acquisition of the W&C Securities is appropriate in light of your own 
financial circumstances or seek professional advice.  
An investor may not transfer or offer to transfer W&C Securities to any person located in, or a resident of 
Australia, unless the person is a person to whom a disclosure document such as a prospectus or product disclosure 
statement is not required to be given under either Chapter 6D or Part 7.9 of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).  
There may be restrictions on the offer for re-sale of any W&C Securities in Australia for a period of 12 months 
after their issue.  Because of these restrictions, investors are advised to consult legal counsel prior to making any 
offer for re-sale of W&C Securities in Australia.

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was approved by resolutions of the Board of Directors of BNPP 
B.V. dated 8 May 2003.  The update of the Programme and the issue of W&C Securities under the 
Programme were approved by resolutions of the Board of Directors of BNPP B.V. dated 21 April 2023. 
No authorisation procedures are required of BNPP by French law for the update of the Programme or the 
giving of the Guarantee. The issue of Certificates issued by BNPP under the Programme is authorised 
pursuant to the Board resolution dated 22 February 2023.  
2. 
Approval and Listing on the Regulated Market of Euronext Paris 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority 
pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval shall not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuers or of the quality of the W&C 
Securities which are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the W&C Securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 29 June 2024. The obligation to supplement the Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
3. 
Notification 
Each Issuer may request the AMF to provide the competent authority of any EEA State with a certificate 
of approval attesting that this Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
4. 
Documents Available 
From the date hereof and so long as W&C Securities are capable of being issued under the Programme, 
copies of the following documents will, when published, be available for inspection from https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/resourceindex.htm: 
(i) 
copies of the Statuts of BNPP; 
(ii) 
copies of the constitutional documents of BNPP B.V. and BNPP; and 
(iii) 
this Base Prospectus. 
5. 
Material Adverse Change 
Except as disclosed in this Base Prospectus (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), 
there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BNPP or the Group since 31 December 
2022 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements have been 
published). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of BNPP B.V. since 31 December 2022 
(being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements have been published).

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
 
6. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
Save as disclosed on pages 273 and 274 of the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in English), 
and pages 84 and 85 of the First Amendment to the BNPP 2022 Universal Registration Document (in 
English), there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which BNPP is aware), during the period covering the 
twelve (12) months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on BNPP's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
There have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which BNPP B.V. is aware) during a period covering the 12 months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past significant effects 
on BNPP B.V.'s financial position or profitability. 
7. 
Significant Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPP or the Group 
since 31 March 2023 (being the end of the last financial period for which interim financial statements 
have been published). 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of BNPP B.V. since 31 
December 2022 (being the end of the last financial period for which audited financial statements have 
been published). 
8. 
Material Contracts 
Neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP has entered into contracts outside the ordinary course of its respective 
business which could result in the relevant Issuer being under an obligation or entitlement that is material 
to such Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of W&C Securities in respect of the W&C 
Securities being issued. 
9. 
Third Party Information 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus which is sourced from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, as far as the relevant Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.  The relevant Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
10. 
Board of Directors 
The members of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor are displayed on pages 35 to 48 of the BNPP 
2022 Universal Registration Document (in English) relating to BNPP which is incorporated by reference 
herein. 
The "Description of BNPP B.V." above includes details of the Management Board of BNPP B.V. 
11. 
Conflicts of Interests 
To the knowledge of BNPP, the duties owed by the members of the Board of Directors of BNPP do not 
give rise to any potential conflicts of interests with such members' private interests or other duties. 
The Management Board of BNPP B.V. does not have potential conflicts of interests, material to the issue 
of W&C Securities, between any duties to BNPP B.V. and its interests or other duties.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
 
12. 
Statutory Auditors 
BNPP 
The statutory auditors (Commissaires aux comptes) of BNPP are currently the following: 
Deloitte & Associés was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 
for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the 
financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at the Annual 
General Meeting of 23 May 2006. 
Deloitte & Associés is represented by Laurence Dubois. 
Deputy: 
BEAS, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris – La Défense Cedex, France, SIREN No. 315 172 445, 
Nanterre trade and companies register. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 
May 2018 for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to 
approve the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at 
the Annual General Meeting of 26 May 1994. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is represented by Patrice Morot. 
Deputy: 
Jean-Baptiste Deschryver, 63, Rue de Villiers, Neuilly-sur-Seine (92), France. 
Mazars was appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 for a six-
year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2023.  The firm was first appointed at the Annual General 
Meeting of 23 May 2000. 
Mazars is represented by Virginie Chauvin. 
Deputy: 
Charles de Boisriou, 28 rue Fernand Forest, 92150 Suresnes (92), France. 
Deloitte & Associés, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, and Mazars are registered as Statutory Auditors 
with the Versailles Regional Association of Statutory Auditors, under the authority of the French 
National Accounting Oversight Board (Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes). 
BNPP B.V. 
In June 2012 Mazars Accountants N.V. was appointed as the auditor of BNPP B.V.  Mazars Accountants 
N.V. is an independent public accountancy firm in The Netherlands registered with the NBA 
(Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – The Royal Netherlands Institute of Chartered 
Accountants).  
Mazars Accountants N.V. is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with 
number 24402415.

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
 
In June 2022 Deloitte Accountants B.V. was appointed and replaced Mazars Accountants N.V. as the 
auditor of BNPP B.V. Deloitte Accountants B.V. is an independent public accountancy firm in The 
Netherlands registered with the NBA (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van Accountants – The Royal 
Netherlands Institute of Chartered Accountants). 
Deloitte Accountants B.V. is registered with the trade register of the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with 
number 24362853.  
The financial statements of BNPP B.V. for the year ending 31 December 2021 have been audited without 
qualification by Mazars Accountants N.V. 
The financial statements of BNPP B.V. for the year ending 31 December 2022 have been audited without 
qualification by Deloitte Accountants B.V. 
13. 
Clearing Systems  
W&C Securities represented by a Global Security have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear.  The appropriate CUSIP, common code, ISIN and other relevant code for 
each issue of W&C Securities represented by a Global Security allocated by DTC, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the W&C Securities of any series are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the 
appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The address of Euroclear Bank is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II B-1210 Brussels. 
14. 
Post-issuance information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms, the relevant Issuer will not provide post-issuance 
information in relation to any underlying in relation to any issue of W&C Securities. 
15. 
Dependence of BNPP upon other members of the Group 
Not Applicable. 
16. 
Capitalization and Medium and Long Term Debt Indebtedness over one year of BNPP and the 
BNP Paribas Group  
The following table sets forth the consolidated capitalization and medium to long term indebtedness (i.e., 
of which the unexpired term to maturity is more than one year) of the Group as of 31 March 2023 using 
the Group’s accounting method, and 31 December 2022 using the Group’s prudential scope. 
(in millions of euros)  
 
As of 
31 March 2023 
prudential  
As of 
31 December 2022 
prudential  
 
 
 
Medium- and Long-Term Debt (of which the 
unexpired term to maturity is more than one 
year)1 
 
 
Senior preferred debt at fair value through profit or loss . 
48, 141 
40, 555 
Senior preferred debt at amortised cost ............................ 
20, 315 
25, 241

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
 
Total Senior Preferred Debt 
 
68, 456 
65, 796 
Senior non preferred debt at fair value through profit or 
loss 
3, 876 
3, 933 
Senior non preferred debt at amortised cost ..................... 
61, 720 
62, 536 
Total Senior Non Preferred Debt  
65, 596 
66, 469 
 
 
 
Redeemable subordinated debt at amortised cost .............. 
21, 253 
21, 444 
Undated subordinated notes at amortised cost2 ................. 
506 
494 
Undated participating subordinated notes at amortised 
cost3 ................................................................................... 
225 
225 
Redeemable subordinated debt at fair value through profit 
or loss ......................................................................... 
16 
25 
Perpetual subordinated debt at fair value through profit or 
loss4 ............................................................................ 
656 
906 
Preferred shares and equivalent instruments5 .................... 
13, 471 
9, 207 
Total Subordinated Debt  
36, 127 
32, 301 
Issued capital6 .................................................................... 
2, 469 
2, 469 
Additional paid-in capital  ................................................. 
23, 911 
23, 878 
Retained earnings .............................................................. 
87, 740 
77, 587 
Unrealized or deferred gains and losses attributable to 
shareholders ................................................................ 
-9, 199 
216 
Total Shareholders’ Equity and Equivalents (net of 
proposed dividends) ................................................. 
104, 921 
104, 150 
Minority Interests (net of proposed dividends)(5) .......... 
4, 472 
4, 234 
Total Capitalization and Medium Long Term Debt  
Indebtedness ............................................................. 
279, 572 
272, 950 
 
(1)  
All medium- and long-term senior preferred debt of BNPP ranks equally with deposits and senior to the 
new category of senior non preferred debt first issued by BNPP in January 2017. The subordinated debt 
of BNPP is subordinated to all of its senior debt (including both senior preferred and senior non preferred 
debt). BNPP and its subsidiaries issue medium- to long-term debt on a continuous basis, particularly 
through offers to the public exempted from the obligation to publish a prospectus (ex private placements) 
in France and abroad. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 December 2021, CAD = 1.439, GBP = 0.841, CHF = 1.038, HKD 
= 8.875, JPY = 131.009, USD = 1.138. 
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 December 2022, CAD = 1.448, GBP = 0.887, CHF = 0.989, HKD 
= 8.343, JPY = 140.158, USD = 1.1.  
Euro against foreign currency as at 31 March 2023 CAD = 1.469, GBP = 0.880, CHF = 0.992, HKD = 
8.522, JPY = 144.047, USD = 1.086 
(2)  
At 31 March 2023, the remaining subordinated debt included €506 million of undated floating-rate 
subordinated notes ("TSDIs").  
(3)  
Undated participating subordinated notes issued by BNP SA in July 1984 for a total amount of €337 
million are redeemable only in the event of the liquidation of BNPP, but may be redeemed in accordance

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
 
with the terms specified in the French law of 3 January 1983. The number of notes outstanding as at 31 
March 2023 was 1,434,092 amounting to approximately €219 million. Payment of interest is obligatory, 
but the Board of Directors may postpone interest payments if the Ordinary General Meeting of 
shareholders held to approve the financial statements notes that there is no income available for 
distribution. Additionally, as at 31 March 2023, there were 28,689 undated participating subordinated 
notes issued by Fortis Banque France (amounting to approximately €4 million) and 6,773 undated 
participating subordinated notes issued by Banque de Bretagne (amounting to approximately €2 million) 
outstanding; both entities have since been merged into BNPP.  
(4)  
Subordinated debt corresponds to an issue of Convertible And Subordinated Hybrid Equity-linked 
Securities ("CASHES") made by Fortis Bank SA/NV (now acting in Belgium under the commercial 
name BNP Paribas Fortis) in December 2007, for an initial nominal amount of €3 billion, which has now 
been reduced to an outstanding nominal amount of €832 million corresponding to a market value of €656 
million at 31 March 2023. They bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month EURIBOR plus a 
margin equal to 2% paid quarterly in arrears. The CASHES are undated but may be exchanged for Ageas 
(previously Fortis SA/NV) shares at the holder’s sole discretion at a price per Ageas share of €239.40. 
However, as of 19 December 2014, the CASHES are subject to automatic exchange into Ageas shares if 
the price of Ageas shares is equal to or higher than €359.10 for twenty consecutive trading days. The 
principal amount will never be redeemed in cash. The rights of CASHES holders are limited to the Ageas 
shares held by BNP Paribas Fortis and pledged to them. 
Ageas and BNP Paribas Fortis have entered into a Relative Performance Note ("RPN") contract, the 
value of which varies contractually so as to offset the impact on BNP Paribas Fortis of the relative 
difference between changes in the value of the CASHES and changes in the value of the Ageas shares. 
On 7 May 2015, BNPP and Ageas reached an agreement which allows BNPP to purchase outstanding 
CASHES subject to the condition that these are converted into Ageas shares, leading to a proportional 
settlement of the RPN. The agreement between Ageas and BNPP expired on 31 December 2016 and has 
not been renewed. 
On 24 July 2015, BNPP obtained a prior agreement from the European Central Bank permitting it to 
purchase outstanding CASHES up to a nominal amount of €200 million. In 2016, BNPP used such 
agreement to purchase €164 million outstanding CASHES, converted into Ageas shares. 
On 8 July 2016, BNPP obtained a new agreement from the European Central Bank which superseded the 
prior agreement permitting it to purchase outstanding CASHES up to a nominal amount of €200 million. 
BNPP requested the cancellation of this agreement from the European Central Bank and the European 
Central Bank approved such cancellation in August 2017. 
Since 1 January 2022, the subordinated liability is no longer eligible to Tier 1 capital (considering both 
the transitional period, from the 1 January 2013 to 1 January 2022, and the cancellation of the 
aforementioned agreement). 
 (5)  
Consists of numerous issuances by BNPP in various currencies (i) over the 2005-2009 period, of undated 
deeply subordinated non-cumulative notes and (ii) since 2015, of perpetual fixed rate resettable 
additional tier 1 notes. The details of the debt instruments recognized as capital, as well as their 
characteristics, as required by Implementing Regulation No. 1423/2013, are available in the BNP Paribas 
Debt section of BNPP's investor relations website at www.invest.bnpparibas.com. 
(6)  
At 31 March 2023, BNPP's share capital stood at €2,468,663,292 divided into 1,234,331,646 shares with 
a par value of €2 each.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
 
17. 
Events impacting the solvency of BNPP 
To the best of BNPP’s knowledge, there have not been any recent events which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of BNPP’s solvency since 31 March 2023.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with supplements to this Base Prospectus from time to time (each a "Supplement" 
and together the "Supplements")) comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. In relation to each 
separate issue of W&C Securities, the final offer price and the amount of such W&C Securities will be determined 
by the relevant Issuer and the relevant manager in accordance with prevailing market conditions at the time of the 
issue of the W&C Securities and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
In accordance with Article 23.2 of the Prospectus Regulation (as amended), investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for W&C Securities before a Supplement is published have the right, exercisable within 
two working days after the publication of such Supplement, to withdraw their acceptances. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this document or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the W&C 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by BNPP B.V., BNPP or any manager of an issue of W&C Securities, including BNPP Securities Corp. 
(as applicable to such issue of W&C Securities, each a "Manager").  This document does not constitute, and may 
not be used for the purposes of, an offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or 
solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation and no 
action is being taken to permit an offering of the W&C Securities or the distribution of this document in any 
jurisdiction where any such action is required. 
This document is to be read and construed in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" above). 
Warrants are options exercisable by the relevant holder or which will be automatically exercised as provided 
herein.  There is no obligation on the relevant Issuer to pay any amount or deliver any asset to any holder of a 
Warrant unless the relevant holder duly exercises such Warrant or such Warrants are automatically exercised and, 
where applicable, an Exercise Notice is duly delivered.  The Warrants will be exercisable in the manner set forth 
herein and in the applicable Final Terms. The Warrants will be settled by payment of the Cash Settlement 
Amount(s).  In certain instances, the holder of a Warrant will be required to certify, inter alia (in accordance with 
the provisions outlined in Condition 24 of "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities" below), that it is not (i) 
a "U.S. person" as defined in Regulation S; (ii) a person other than a "Non-United States person" as defined in 
Rule 4.7 under the Commodity Exchange Act; (iii) a "U.S person" as defined in (a) the Interpretive Guidance and 
Policy Statement Regarding Compliance with Certain Swap Regulations promulgated by the CFTC or (b) the final 
rule relating to Cross-Border Application of the Registration Thresholds and Certain Requirements Applicable to 
Swap Dealers and Major Swap Participants promulgated by the CFTC, in each case as amended, modified or 
supplemented from time to time, pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act; or (iv) any other "U.S. person" as 
such term may be defined in Regulation S or in regulations or guidance adopted under the Commodity Exchange 
Act (each such person, a "U.S. person") or exercising such Warrant on behalf of a U.S. person.  Upon transfer, 
exchange or exercise of a U.S. Warrant (as defined in Condition 1 of "Terms and Conditions of the W&C 
Securities" below), the holder will, in certain circumstances, be required to certify that the transfer, exchange or 
exercise, as the case may be, is being made to, or on behalf of, a person whom the holder reasonably believes is 
not a U.S. person or, in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP, is a QIB under Rule 144A, and in the case of 
U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., is a QIB who is also a QP, as applicable, who acquired the right to such 
transfer, exchange or the benefit of such exercise in a transaction exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.  The proposed transferee may also be required to deliver an investment letter as a condition 
precedent to such proposed transfer or exchange (in accordance with the provisions outlined in Condition 2.4 of 
"Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities" below). 
Certificates shall be redeemed on each instalment date and/or the redemption date by payment of one or more 
Cash Settlement Amount(s). Upon transfer or exchange of a U.S. Certificate, the holder will, in certain 
circumstances, be required to certify that the transfer or exchange, as the case may be, is being made to a person 
whom the transferor or exchange reasonably believes is not a U.S. person or, in the case of U.S. Securities issued 
by BNPP, is a QIB under Rule 144A, and in the case of U.S. Securities issued by BNPP B.V., is a QIB who is

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
 
also a QP, as applicable, who acquired the right to such transfer or exchange in a transaction exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.  The proposed transferee may also be required to deliver an 
investment letter as a condition precedent to such proposed transfer or exchange (in accordance with the provisions 
outlined in Condition 2.4 of "Terms and Conditions of the W&C Securities").  Where Certificates are Exercisable 
Certificates, such Certificates will be automatically exercised on one or more dates as provided herein.   
The W&C Securities of each issue may be sold by the relevant Issuer and/or any Manager at such time and at 
such prices as the relevant Issuer and/or the Manager(s) may select.  There is no obligation upon the relevant 
Issuer or any Manager to sell all of the W&C Securities of any issue.  The W&C Securities of any issue may be 
offered or sold from time to time in one or more transactions in the over-the-counter market or otherwise at 
prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions, at the discretion of the relevant Issuer. 
Subject to the restrictions set forth herein, each Issuer shall have complete discretion as to what type of W&C 
Securities it issues and when. 
No Manager has independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility is accepted by any Manager as to the 
accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided 
by BNPP B.V. and/or BNPP.  The Manager(s) accept no liability in relation to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or any other information provided by BNPP B.V. and/or BNPP in connection with the 
Programme. 
BNPP B.V. and/or BNPP have not investigated, and do not have access to information that would permit them to 
ascertain, whether any company that has issued equity, debt or other instruments to which any U.S. Securities 
relate is a passive foreign investment company for U.S. tax purposes.  Prospective investors in any U.S. Securities 
that are U.S. taxpayers should consult their own advisers concerning U.S. tax considerations relevant to an 
investment in such U.S. Securities. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any W&C 
Securities (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by BNPP B.V., BNPP or any Manager that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any W&C Securities should purchase any W&C 
Securities.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any W&C Securities should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of BNPP B.V. 
and/or BNPP. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any W&C Securities constitutes an offer or an invitation by or on behalf of BNPP B.V., BNPP or 
the Managers or any other person to subscribe for or to purchase any W&C Securities.  
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning 
BNPP B.V. or BNPP is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document 
containing the same.  No Manager undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of BNPP B.V. or BNPP 
during the life of the Programme.  Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published audited annual 
non-consolidated financial statements and interim financial statements of BNPP B.V. and/or the most recently 
published audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited semi-annual interim consolidated 
financial statements, quarterly financial results of BNPP, as applicable, when deciding whether or not to purchase 
any W&C Securities.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF W&C SECURITIES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of W&C Securities in relevant Member States of the EEA  
Certain issues of W&C Securities with an issue price of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) 
may be offered in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation 
to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to as a "Non-exempt Offer". This Base Prospectus has been 
prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of W&C Securities in each state in relation to which the 
relevant Issuer has given its consent (from among Member States) as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each 
specified state a "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction" and together, the "Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions"). Any 
person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of W&C Securities on the basis of this Base Prospectus 
must do so only with the relevant Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided under "Consent 
given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation" below and provided such person complies 
with the conditions attached to that consent.  
Save as provided above, neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any 
Non-exempt Offer of W&C Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for either of BNPP B.V. or 
BNPP to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.  
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of W&C Securities, BNPP B.V. and BNPP accept responsibility, in each of 
the Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an 
"Investor") who purchases any W&C Securities in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Manager or an Authorised 
Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and provided that the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are 
complied with.  The consent and conditions attached to it are set out under "Consent" and "Common Conditions 
to Consent" below.   
Neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror with any 
applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements in relation to 
any Non-exempt Offer and neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP has any responsibility or liability for the actions of that 
Authorised Offeror.   
Except in the circumstances set out in the following paragraphs, neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP has 
authorised the making of any Non-exempt Offer by any offeror and BNPP B.V. and BNPP have not 
consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer 
of W&C Securities.  Any Non-exempt Offer made without the consent of the relevant Issuer is unauthorised 
and neither BNPP B.V. nor BNPP accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the 
actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer.   
If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered W&C Securities by a person which is not an 
Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone is responsible for this Base 
Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who that person is.  If the Investor is in 
any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (ii) and (iii) below are together the "Authorised Offerors" 
and each an "Authorised Offeror". 
Consent

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
In connection with each issue of W&C Securities and subject to the conditions set out below under "Common 
Conditions to Consent", each Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant 
time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such W&C Securities by: 
(i) 
the relevant Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
is 
published 
on 
BNPP's 
website 
(https://rates-
globalmarkets.bnpparibas.com/documents/legaldocs/resourceindex.htm) (in the case of W&C Securities 
issued by BNPP or BNPP B.V.) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer's consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-exempt 
Offer are that such consent: 
(i) 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche of 
W&C Securities in France and Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The only Member State which may, in respect of any Tranche of W&C Securities, be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms (if any Member State of the EEA is so specified) as indicated in (ii) above, will be France and 
Luxembourg, and accordingly each Tranche of W&C Securities may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-
exempt Offer in France and Luxembourg, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, or otherwise in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for BNPP B.V. or BNPP to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY SECURITIES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF 
SUCH SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER IN PLACE BETWEEN 
SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING ARRANGEMENTS IN 
RELATION TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT.  THE RELEVANT 
ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF THE SECURITIES CONCERNED 
AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN 
SUCH INFORMATION.  THE RELEVANT INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE 
AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER.  NEITHER BNPP B.V. NOR BNPP HAS 
ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF THE INFORMATION 
DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Information relating to the use of this Base Prospectus and offers of W&C Securities generally. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering of W&C Securities in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by BNPP B.V., BNPP 
and each Manager to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
In this Base Prospectus references to (a) U.S.$ and U.S. dollars are to United States dollars, (b) euro, € and EUR 
are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant 
to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended and (c) Renminbi, RMB and CNY are to the 
lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (excluding the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of 
the People's Republic of China ("Hong Kong"), the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People's 
Republic of China ("Macau") and Taiwan). 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
Each of BNPP B.V. (in respect of itself) and BNPP (in respect of itself and BNPP B.V.) accepts responsibility for 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To the best of the knowledge of each of BNPP B.V. and BNPP 
(who have taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained herein is in 
accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
Information contained in this Base Prospectus which is sourced from a third party has been accurately reproduced 
and, as far as the relevant Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third 
party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  The 
relevant Issuer has also identified the source(s) of such information. 
The applicable Final Terms will (if applicable) specify the nature of the responsibility taken by the relevant Issuer 
and, if applicable, the Guarantor for the information relating to the underlying asset, index or other item(s) to 
which the W&C Securities relate, which is contained in such Final Terms.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
I hereby certify on behalf of BNPP B.V. and BNPP, the Issuers, that, to the best of my knowledge, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import.  
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Represented by Lars Machenil  
in his capacity as Chief Financial Officer 
 
 
Dated 29 June 2023 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains 
is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuers and on the quality of the W&C Securities described in 
this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such W&C 
Securities.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 29 June 2023 and is valid until 29 June 2024 and shall, during this 
period and in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be completed by a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors or inaccuracies. This 
Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: 23-256.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
 
ISSUER  
 
BNP Paribas Issuance B.V. 
Herengracht 595 
1017 CE Amsterdam 
the Netherlands 
 
ISSUER AND GUARANTOR 
 
BNP Paribas 
16 boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
 
AGENTS 
 
 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de  
Luxembourg 
BNP Paribas Arbitrage S.N.C. 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1 rue Laffitte 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
75009 Paris 
 
France 
 
 
 
The Bank of New York Mellon 
BNP Paribas S.A., Succursale 
Italia  
BNP Paribas S.A. Niederlassung 
Deutschland 
240 Greenwich Street 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 
Senckenberganlage 19 
Floor 7 East 
3-20124 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
New York, New York 10286 
Milan 
Germany 
United States 
Italy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas S.A., Sucursal en 
España 
BNP Paribas, Paris, Zurich 
Branch  
BNP Paribas 
Calle de Emilio Vargas 4 
Selnaustrasse 16 
3 rue d'Antin 
Madrid 
P.O. Box 
75002 Paris 
28043 
8022 Zurich 
France 
Spain 
Switzerland 
 
 
 
REGISTRARS 
 
BNP Paribas, Succursale de Luxembourg 
BNP Paribas Securities (Japan) Limited 
 
GranTokyo North Tower 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1-9-1 Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Tokyo 100-6740 
 
Japan 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to English law 
To the Managers as to U.S. law 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP 
One Bishops Square 
One Liberty Plaza 
London 
New York, New York 10006 
E1 6AD 
United States 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to U.S. law 
To the Issuers and the Guarantor as to French Law

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
Allen & Overy LLP 
Allen & Overy LLP 
One Bishops Square 
32 rue François 1er 
London E1 6AD  
75008 Paris 
United Kingdom 
France 
 
Printed by Allen & Overy LLP