--- Page 1 ---
WS0101.32901144.1 
Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 
 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH 
(duly licensed French specialised credit institution) 
€ 40,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
for the issue of Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat  
Under the Covered Bond Programme described in this Base Prospectus (the "Programme"), BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may issue covered bonds (obligations de financement de l’habitat) 
to be governed either by French law or German law, as specified in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) (respectively, the "French 
Law Covered Bonds" and the "German Law Covered Bonds" and together, the "Covered Bonds"). The Issuer is licensed as a 
specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat ("SFH") by the 
Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution. All French Law Covered Bonds and German Law Covered Bonds will benefit from the 
statutory privilège (priority in right of payment) over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer created by Article L. 513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the "Privilège"), as more fully described herein. 
The aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding will not at any time exceed € 40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) at the date of issue. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF"), as competent authority in France under 
Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus 
as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. The 
approval given by the AMF is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Covered Bonds described in this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment on the opportunity to invest in such Covered Bonds.  
This Base Prospectus is valid until 30 June 2022 and shall be completed by a supplement in the event of significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material 
mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application may be made to Euronext Paris for the the French Law Covered Bonds issued under the Programme while this Base 
Prospectus is valid to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Paris, which is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014, as amended from time to time, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by 
the European Securities Markets Authority (the "ESMA") (each such market being a "Regulated Market"). The French Law Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme may also be unlisted or listed and admitted to trading on any other market, including any other 
Regulated Market in any member state of the European Economic Area ("EEA") (a "Member Sate"). The relevant final terms (a form of 
which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any French Law Covered Bonds (the "Final Terms") will specify whether or not such 
Covered Bonds will be listed and admitted to trading on any market and, if so, the relevant market. The German Law Covered Bonds will 
not be admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock exchange.  
Covered Bonds will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis basis in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates on 
terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche) , the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series 
may be issued in tranches (each a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Series will be set forth in the 
Final Terms.  
French Law Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Covered Bonds") as more fully described herein. Dematerialised Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form in 
compliance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the 
books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the relevant Account Holders (as defined in 
"Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination" of this Base Prospectus) including 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking S.A, "Clearstream" or (ii) in registered form (au 
nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Bondholder (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 
Form, Denomination, Title and Redenomination" of this Base Prospectus), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), in which case 
they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the 
Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account 
Holders designated by the relevant Bondholder. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global 
certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to 
Materialised Covered Bonds. Such Temporary Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Covered

--- Page 2 ---
2 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Bonds with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached (the "Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds"), on or after the 
fortieth (40th) day after the issue date of the Covered Bonds (subject to postponement as described in "Temporary Global Certificate in 
respect of Materialised Covered Bonds") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. Temporary 
Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the issue 
date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing 
system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below).  
German Law Covered Bonds will be issued in materialised registered form only.  
Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
and by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings") (together, the "Rating Agencies"). A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. As of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), 
as amended and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). S&P and Fitch Ratings are not established in the United Kingdom 
and are not registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA") (the "UK CRA Regulation"). However, the ratings of the Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme are expected to be endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited and Fitch Ratings Ltd, in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. As such, the ratings issued by S&P and Fitch Ratings may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus will be (ii) available on the website of BNP 
Paribas (www.invest.bnpparibas.com/) and (ii) filed with the AMF.  
See "Risk Factors" below for certain information relevant to an investment in the Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme. 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in its capacity as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the information it contains is complete, coherent and 
comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
This approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and of the quality of the French law Covered Bonds 
described in this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the opportunity of investing in such French 
law Covered Bonds. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved on 30 June 2021 and is valid until 30 June 2022 and shall be within that period pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or 
substantial errors or inaccuracies. The Base Prospectus has received the following approval number: 21-265. 
 
The approval number 21-265 granted by the AMF on 30 June 2021 to this Base Prospectus is only applicable for Covered Bonds 
admitted or listed to trading on any Regulated Market which are the French Law Covered Bonds, and is not relevant, in any case, 
for German Law Covered Bonds, as German Law Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock 
exchange. 
 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER 
 
BNP PARIBAS

--- Page 3 ---
3 
WS0101.32901144.1 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and contains or incorporates by 
reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer which is material to an investor for making an 
informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the 
Issuer, as well as the base terms and conditions of the French Law Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche not contained herein (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if 
any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the 
issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with any (i) document and/or 
information which is incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents incorporated by Reference" 
below), (ii) any supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, and (iii) in relation to any 
Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto from time to time) may only be used for the 
purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than 
those contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) (as defined in "General 
Description of the Programme" of this Base Prospectus). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus 
nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that 
there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this 
Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that there has been no adverse 
change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied, 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of Covered Bonds in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger and the Dealer(s) do not represent that 
this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant 
to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution 
or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) which is 
intended to permit a public offering of any Covered Bonds or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required other than in compliance with Article 1.4 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. Accordingly, no Covered Bond may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any 
jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States of America, the EEA 
(including France, Germany, Republic of Italy and the Netherlands) and the United Kingdom. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction in the United States. The Covered Bonds may include Covered Bonds in bearer form 
(including French Law Covered Bonds which are Materialised Covered Bonds) that are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised 
Covered Bonds in bearer form, delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  
The Covered Bonds will be offered, sold and delivered as part of their distribution and at all other times 
only outside the United States to, or for the account or benefit of (a) non-U.S. persons in compliance with

--- Page 4 ---
4 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S") or (b) any person who is a Non-United States 
person (as defined in Rule 4.7 under the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the 
"CEA", but excluding, for the purposes of subsection (D) thereof, the exception for qualified eligible 
persons who are not Non-United States persons) (“CFTC Rule 4.7”).  
For a description of these and certain further restrictions on offers, sales and transfers of Covered 
Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Plan of Distribution".  
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any 
Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five (5) categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by the ESMA on 5 February 2018 and which channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) nor any of their respective affiliates will be 
a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the French law Covered 
Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any French law Covered Bonds is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS / IMPORTANT EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are 
not intended, to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended ("IDD"), where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS / IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered 
Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 ("FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA

--- Page 5 ---
5 
WS0101.32901144.1 
to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealer(s) to subscribe for, or purchase, any Covered Bonds. 
The Arranger and the Dealer(s) have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealer(s) makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of 
the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any 
information incorporated by reference therein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other 
evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the 
Dealer(s) that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase 
the Covered Bonds. Each prospective investor of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. Neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealer(s) undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during 
the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
prospective investor in the Covered Bonds of any information that may come to the attention of the 
Dealer(s) or the Arranger. 
None of the Dealer(s) or the Issuer makes any representation to any prospective investor on the Covered 
Bonds regarding the legality of its investment under any applicable laws. Any prospective investor in the 
Covered Bonds should be able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Covered Bonds for an 
indefinite period of time. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should ensure that they understand the nature of the relevant 
Covered Bonds and the extent of their exposure to risks and that they consider the suitability of the 
relevant Covered Bonds as an investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. 
Covered Bonds involve a high degree of risk and potential investors should be prepared to sustain a total 
loss of the purchase price of their Covered Bonds. For more information, see "Risk Factors".  
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, 
as amended by the Treaty on European Union and as amended by the Treaty of Amsterdam, references 
to"Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdomand references to "Swiss Francs" are to 
the lawful currency of the Swiss Confederation.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the 
section "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
WS0101.32901144.1 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .......................................................................................................................................... 3 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS ........................................................................................................................ 7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...................................................................................................................................................... 17 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................................ 39 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS .................................................................................................. 45 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................................... 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS .............................................................................. 47 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF FRENCH LAW COVERED 
BONDS WHICH ARE MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS ......................................................................... 79 
THE ISSUER ............................................................................................................................................................ 81 
SUMMARY OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES .................................... 98 
THE MAIN PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS ...................................................................................................... 106 
ASSET MONITORING ......................................................................................................................................... 136 
CASH FLOW ......................................................................................................................................................... 146 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS ......................................................................................................... 151 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION .................................................................................................................................. 153 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED 
BONDS WITH A SPECIFIED DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN € 100,000 TO BE 
ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC 
AREA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM ................................................................................................................ 159 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED 
BONDS WITH A SPECIFIED DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST € 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED 
TO TRADING ON A REGULATED MARKET ................................................................................................ 175 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 190 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION  GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............. 194 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 195

--- Page 7 ---
7 
WS0101.32901144.1 
IMPORTANT CONSIDERATIONS 
Assessment of  investment suitability 
Each prospective investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each prospective investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds and 
weight the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds. The prospective investor should 
have sufficient knowledge in experience for the purpose of properly evaluating the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this 
Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact the relevant Covered 
Bonds will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one (1) or more currencies, or 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the prospective investor's 
currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks; 
and 
(f) 
be aware, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, of the applicable 
restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Covered Bonds generally and in any particular type of 
Covered Bonds. 
Taxation 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Covered Bonds should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes 
or other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the 
Covered Bonds are transferred, or other jurisdictions, including the Issuer’s country of incorporation, which 
may have an impact on the income received from the Covered Bonds. In some jurisdictions, no official 
statements of the tax authorities or court decisions may be available for innovative financial instruments such 
as the Covered Bonds. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's advice on their 
individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Covered Bonds. Only these 
advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
Certain conflicts of interest 
The Issuer is a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) with the status of société de 
financement de l'habitat, and is intended to be a ring-fenced entity that will be unaffected by the insolvency of 
the Group. Moreover, the Programme Documents include limited recourse and non-petition wording. 
Nonetheless, conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors 
involving certain parties to the transaction. For example, potential conflicts may arise when BNP Paribas acts 
in several capacities under the Programme, as it is allowed to do provided that its rights and obligations under 
the Programme Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another. During the 
course of their business activities, the Programme parties and/or any respective affiliates may operate, service, 
acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are in the same markets as the Home 
Loans. In such case, the interest of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest of other parties for 
whom they perform services may differ from, and compete with, the interests of the Issuer or of the 
Bondholders.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds are based on French law in the case of French Law Covered 
Bonds, in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. The impact of any possible judicial decision or change 
to French law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus can not be anticipated. Any such 
decision or change could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the French law Bondholders.  
The risk of changes in law is higher for Covered Bonds with longer maturities.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
WS0101.32901144.1 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This general description must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and does not purport to be 
complete and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the more 
detailed information which appears elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any decision to invest in any Covered 
Bonds should be based on a consideration by the investor of this Base Prospectus as a whole and the 
corresponding Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the French Law Covered 
Bonds" below shall have the same meanings in this section. Unless otherwise specified, the expression 
"Covered Bonds" shall include the French law Covered Bonds to the extent permitted by the terms and 
conditions applicable to the French Law Covered Bonds. 
1. 
THE PARTIES UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, a limited liability company (société 
anonyme) incorporated under French law and a duly licensed in 
France as specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit 
spécialisé) with the status of société de financement de l'habitat 
delivered by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution (see 
section "The Issuer"). 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas. 
Administrator, 
Borrower, 
Issuer Accounts Bank, Issuer 
Calculation 
Agent, 
Cash 
Collateral Provider: 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas. 
Dealer(s): 
BNP Paribas.  
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any 
Dealer under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in 
respect of one or more Tranches or in respect of the whole 
Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to "Permanent 
Dealer(s)" are to BNP Paribas as Dealer and to any such additional 
persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole 
Programme (and whose appointment has not been terminated) and 
references to "Dealer(s)" are to all Permanent Dealers and any such 
persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more Tranches. 
Fiscal 
Agent, 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent 
and 
Calculation Agent in respect 
of the French Law Covered 
Bonds:  
 
 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services. 
Rating Agencies: 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") and by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited ("Fitch Ratings").  
Specific Controller: 
Fides Audit 
Substitute Specific 
Controller: 
 
Mr. Hugues Beaugrand

--- Page 10 ---
10 
WS0101.32901144.1 
2. 
THE PROGRAMME 
Description: 
Programme for the continuous offer of Covered Bonds called 
"obligations de financement de l'habitat" within the meaning of 
Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the principal and interest of which benefit 
from the Privilège (statutory priority in right of payment) created by 
Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). See section "Summary of the SFH Legal 
Framework and other legal issues". 
The subscription proceeds of the Covered Bonds are used by the 
Issuer to grant loans to BNP Paribas. Such loans are secured by a 
financial guarantee granted by BNP Paribas to the benefit of the Issuer 
and pursuant to which BNP Paribas transfers by way of security of the 
full title (remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of Home Loan 
Receivables receivables, in accordance with Article L. 211-38 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). 
Programme Limit: 
Up to €40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the 
date of issue) aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time. 
Use of Proceeds: 
The net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds will be used to fund 
the Borrower Advances that the Issuer (as "Lender") will make 
available to BNP Paribas (as "Borrower") under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement. Such net proceeds may also fund the purchase by 
the Issuer in the future of eligible assets other than Borrower 
Advances and Home Loan receivables provided that such assets are 
eligible to the Issuer pursuant to the legal framework applicable to 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in Series having one or more issues 
dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the issue 
date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche). Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or 
different issue dates. 
Tranches: 
The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the 
aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and 
interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in 
the Final Terms of such Tranche. 
Method of Issue: 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, 
without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, 
redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, the Covered Bonds may have any maturity as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Final Maturity Date"), subject to such 
minimum maturity as may be required by the applicable legal and/or 
regulatory requirements. 
An extended final maturity date may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms of a Series of Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable

--- Page 11 ---
11 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Conditions, each such Covered Bonds being referred to as "Soft 
Bullet Covered Bonds". 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, Covered Bonds may be issued in Euros, U.S. dollars, Swiss 
francs and, subject to prior Rating Affirmation (of S&P only) , in any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination(s): 
Covered Bonds will be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out 
in the relevant Final Terms. Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall be 
issued in one (1) denomination only. 
Status: 
Subject to the Priority Payments Orders, the Covered Bonds, and, 
where appropriate, any related interest coupons will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and privileged obligations of the Issuer 
and will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
The Covered Bonds are issued under Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-32 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Any holder of Covered Bonds benefit from a privilège 
(priority in right of payment) provided for in Article L. 513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
over all the assets and revenues of the Issuer. 
See Condition 5(a) under section "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds".  
Negative Pledge: 
Not applicable. There is no negative pledge clause. 
Issuer Event of Default: 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to an SFH, if an Issuer 
Event of Default (as set out in Condition 10 under section "Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), if an Issuer Event of 
Default occurs in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Representative (i) may, at its discretion, or (ii) shall, if so directed by 
the Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of Default is a 
Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event, upon written notice (an 
"Issuer Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer 
(with copy to the administrator and to the Rating Agencies) given 
before all defaults have been cured, cause the principal amount of all 
Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but subject 
to the relevant Priority Payment Order (as defined below)), together 
with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice 
for payment is received by the Fiscal Agent. 
Redemption Amount: 
Subject to any laws and regulations applicable from time to time, the 
relevant Final Terms will specify the redemption amounts payable 
calculated on the basis of the applicable Conditions. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered Bonds will 
state whether such Covered Bonds may be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
and/or the Bondholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption in accordance with the provisions of the relevant 
Conditions. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in section "Optional Redemption" above, 
Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to 
their stated maturity only for tax reasons (as provided in Condition 
7(e)) or illegality (as provided in Condition 7(f)).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Covered Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. If such a withholding or deduction is 
required by the French law, the Issuer will have to gross-up its 
payments to the fullest extent then permitted by law and subject to 
certain exceptions.  
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Covered Bonds and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ from 
time to time or be constant for any Series. The Covered Bonds may 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The 
use of interest accrual periods permits the Covered Bonds to bear 
interest at different rates in the same interest period. All such 
information (except the method of calculation) will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrears on the date or dates in each 
year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by the 2013 FBF Master Agreement, as published by 
the Fédération Bancaire Française, in their updated version 
applicable as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series; or 
(b) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service which shall be either 
EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS, TEC or any reference rate that might 
replace them, or any successor rate or any alternative rate. 
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and 
calculated and payable as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of 
interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the minimum rate of interest shall not be, 
in any case, lower than zero. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds: 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds for which a 
change of interest basis is specified to be applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered Bonds: 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as 
determined in Condition 6(b) under section "Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds") minus a Floating Rate (as determined in 
Condition 6(c) under section "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Consolidation 
 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the 
Bondholders or holders of Coupons create and issue further Covered 
Bonds to be consolidated with the Covered Bonds provided such 
Covered Bonds and the further Covered Bonds carry rights identical

--- Page 13 ---
13 
WS0101.32901144.1 
in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of such Covered Bonds 
provide for such consolidation. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
French Law Covered Bonds: French Law Covered Bonds may be 
issued in either dematerialised form or materialised form. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds may, at the option of the Issuer, be 
issued in bearer form (au porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) 
and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder, in either 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be in bearer form only. A 
Temporary Global Certificate will initially be issued in respect of each 
Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds. Materialised Covered Bonds 
may only be issued outside France. 
French Law Covered Bonds may not be offered or resold within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In  the event that Materialised Covered Bonds are issued, the Issuer 
shall forthwith appoint an additional agent which is able to perform 
such obligations. 
German Law Covered Bonds: German Law Covered Bonds will be 
issued in materialised registered form. They will not be accepted for 
clearing nor admitted to trading nor listed on any market or stock 
exchange. 
Representation 
of 
French 
Law Bondholders: 
French Law Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the 
relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their 
common interests in a masse (the "Masse"). 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective 
decisions of the French Law Bondholders. 
As long as the French Law Covered Bonds are held by a single 
Bondholder the relevant the French Law Bondholder will exercise 
directly the powers delegated to the Representative and general 
meetings of Bondholders under the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
A Representative shall only be appointed if the French Law Covered 
Bonds of a Series are held by more than one Bondholder. 
Governing Law: 
French Law Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons will be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French law. 
The Issuer may from time to time issue German Law Covered Bonds 
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the 
Federal Republic of Germany (except for the Privilège, which will be 
governed by, and shall be constructed in accordance with, the laws of 
France). The terms and conditions of the German Law Covered Bonds 
are contained in the Agency Agreement. 
The French Law Covered Bonds and German Law Covered Bonds 
will benefit from the same security and rights.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Central Depositary: 
Euroclear France in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised 
Covered Bonds and, in relation to Materialised Covered Bonds, 
Clearstream and/or Euroclear or any other clearing system that may be 
agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each 
Tranche of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the Lettre comptable 
relating to such Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as 
Central Depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Covered Bonds: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Covered 
Bonds, the Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of such 
Tranche shall be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream or with any other clearing system or may be 
delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued at their nominal amount or at a 
discount or premium to their nominal amount. The issue price of the 
Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Listing and Admission to 
Trading 
on 
a 
regulated 
market: 
 
 
Application may be made for French Law Covered Bonds to be listed 
and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and/or on any other 
Regulated Market in the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and/or any other market as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As specified in the relevant Final Terms, a Series of French 
Law Covered Bonds may be unlisted. 
The German Law Covered Bonds will not be admitted to trading nor 
listed on any market or stock exchange. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected on issue to 
be rated AAA by S&P and AAA by Fitch Ratings. The ratings of the 
Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, each of the Rating Agencies is 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EU) no. 1060/2009 as amended and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published by the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, change, or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in various jurisdictions. In connection 
with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of any particular 
Series, additional selling restrictions may be imposed in the relevant 
supplement to the Base Prospectus (see section "Subscription and

--- Page 15 ---
15 
WS0101.32901144.1 
sale"). 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. The relevant Final Terms will specify whether TEFRA 
Rules are applicable and, in this case, if TEFRA C or D are 
applicable. 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Method of publication of the 
Base 
Prospectus, 
any 
Supplement 
and 
Final 
Terms: 
 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus will 
be published on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and (b) BNP Paribas (www.invest.bnpparibas.com). 
The Final Terms related to the Covered Bonds traded on any 
Regulated Market in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will 
be published, so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on any Regulated Market, on the websites of (a) the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) and (b) BNP Paribas (www.invest.bnpparibas.com). 
For so long as any Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to this 
Base Prospectus, copies of such documents will also, when published, 
be available free of charge during normal business hours on any 
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s).

--- Page 16 ---
16 
WS0101.32901144.1 
4. 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Covered 
Bonds 
Covered 
Bonds 
Proceeds 
 
BNP Paribas  
Home Loan SFH 
(Issuer) 
 
Covered Bonds 
Investors 
Interest and 
Principal 
payment 
Borrower 
Collateral 
Security 
Interest and 
Principal payment 
Borrower 
Advances 
Affiliate 
Advances 
Interest and 
Principal payment 
 
BNP Paribas 
(Borrower) 
Affiliates of BNP 
Paribas  
Affiliate 
Collateral 
Security

--- Page 17 ---
17 
WS0101.32901144.1 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations related to Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are specific to the Issuer and/or the Covered Bonds. 
Most of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur but are material for an informed decision 
with respect to investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
In each category below, the Issuer sets out the most material risks (in descending order of importance), taking 
into account the negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. Additional risks and 
uncertainties, not included in the risk factors below, which, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, are not 
known to the Issuer, or are considered to be not material nor specific, may have a significant impact on the 
Issuer, its activities, its financial condition, or the Covered Bonds.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and form their own opinions as to 
potential risk prior to making any investment decision. Investors should, in particular, conduct their own 
analysis and evaluation of risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and issued Covered Bonds issued 
under this Programme and consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with 
investment in a particular Series of Covered Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds in 
light of their particular circumstances. 
The Issuer's view is that the Covered Bonds should only be purchased by investors that are (or are advised by) 
financial institutions or other professional investors who have the knowledge and experience sufficient to 
appropriately evaluate the risks involved with the Covered Bonds. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings described in the risk 
factors description below. 
I. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND THE COVER POOL 
1. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit and structural risks 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk of other parties to the Programme Documents  
The ability of the Issuer to make any principal and interest payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will 
mainly depend on the ability of BNP Paribas in its capacity as Cash Collateral Provider, Issuer Account Bank 
and hedging counterparty (if any) to perform its payment obligations towards the Issuer under the Programme 
Documents and the value of the Collateral Security will depend on the ability of the Collateral Providers to 
transfer additional Home Loan Receivables as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security Agreement up 
to the required amount to meet with the asset cover test (the "Asset Cover Test"). As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, BNP Paribas's long-term credit ratings are A+ with a negative outlook (S&P), Aa3 with a stable 
outlook (Moody's Investors Service Ltd.), AA- with a "rating watch negative" outlook (Fitch Ratings) (which 
is the long-term rating assigned to BNP Paribas's senior preferred debt by Fitch Ratings) and AA (low) with a 
stable outlook (DBRS Limited) and BNP Paribas's short-term credit ratings are A-1 (S&P), P-1 (Moody's 
Investors Service Ltd.), F1+ (Fitch Ratings) and R-1 (middle) (DBRS Limited). As at 31 December 2020, the 
Issuer's cash amounted to €2,911,627,499.97 and its Borrower Debt amounted to €30,376,844,362.52.  
The SFH Legal Framework (see section entitled “Summary of the SFH Legal Framework”) and the 
Programme Documents provide for mitigants or for substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral upon 
certain triggers (most notably, the Asset Cover Test and several triggers based upon long or short term ratings 
of BNP Paribas, as further described in the section entitled "The main Programme Documents - The Cash 
Collateral Agreement"). Delay or inability to implement those mitigants may affect the ability of the Issuer to 
make payments under the Covered Bonds up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. 
In addition, if those mitigants prove to be insufficient, failure of any such party to make a payment or a transfer 
as expected and when due may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to make principal and interest 
payments in respect of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
WS0101.32901144.1 
In view of the above, and given the current ratings of the Borrower, it is the Issuer’s assessment that 
the probability of occurrence of such risk happening is unlikely and that the impact of such risk 
could be high. 
Limited resources are available to the Issuer which has sole liability under the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is the only entity with the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the Covered 
Bonds. The Covered Bonds are not and will not be the obligation or responsibility of any other entity, 
including (but not limited to) BNP Paribas (in any capacity but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, 
Administrator, Cash Collateral Provider or Issuer Calculation Agent), the Dealers, the Representative, the 
Paying Agents, the Affiliates (if any), any hedging counterparties (as applicable), or any company in the same 
group of companies as any of the foregoing entities, or the shareholders, directors, or agents of any company in 
the same group of companies as the foregoing entities. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own examination of the Issuer, the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets, the terms of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and the financial 
information incorporated in this Base Prospectus. In the case of a Borrower Event of Default, the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets may not be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Covered Bonds. 
In the absence of any Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds will depend on the amount of scheduled principal and interest paid by the Borrower under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement and the timing thereof and/or, as applicable, the amounts received under any hedging 
agreement entered into the Issuer and/or the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, as defined 
below and/or the available amount under the Share Capital Proceeds Account and/or payments proceeds under 
Legal Substitution Assets. 
Pursuant to the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Issuer will benefit from any Cash Collateral to be provided by 
the Cash Collateral Provider under the circumstances described under the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
It being precised, that upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Borrower 
Collateral Security granted by the Borrower, and without prejudice to any other unsecured recourse the Issuer 
may have under the Borrower Debt, as defined below, the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds will depend on the revenue proceeds from the Borrower Collateral Security Assets transferred 
by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the Borrower (meaning the amount of 
principal and interest paid directly to the Issuer by the relevant debtors under the Home Loan receivables or the 
price or value of such Home Loan receivables and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or refinancing 
thereof by the Issuer) and/or, as applicable the amounts received under any hedging agreement entered into by 
the Issuer, and/or the revenue proceeds generated by Permitted Investments, and/or the amount of any Cash 
Collateral provided by the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement, and/or the available 
amount under the Share Capital Proceeds Account, as defined below and/or payments proceeds under Legal 
Substitution Assets. 
If such amounts are not sufficient for the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer 
will not have any further source of funds available other than the recourse the Issuer has under the Borrower 
Debt until such Borrower Debt is repaid in full. This may have a significant impact on the Issuer's ability to 
meet its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. As a result, Bondholders could lose all or a substantial 
part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk happening is 
unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Issuer relies on third parties and in particular on BNP Paribas and its successors for the provision of 
liquidity, its operations and to administer the Programme Documents   
The Issuer has entered into the Cash Collateral Agreement with BNP Paribas (as Cash Collateral Provider), 
who has agreed to provide liquidity to the Issuer under certains conditions (see sections entitled "The main 
Programme Documents – The Cash Collateral Agreement - The Cash Collateral Account", "Asset 
Monitoring - The Legal Liquidity Reserve" and "Asset Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test").  
Failure of BNP Paribas to provide liquidity where required under the Cash Collateral Agreement may 
adversely affect the Issuers' ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds and as a consequence 
Bondholders could receive a diminished return on their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, the Issuer has entered into the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement with BNP Paribas, who has 
agreed to administer and service the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, and the Borrower Collateral 
Security. As at 31 December 2020, Borrower Collateral Security Assets amounted to € 35,068,982,840. It 
being precised that the Issuer also entered into the Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement with BNP, however, 
as of the date of the Base Prospectus, the Affiliate Collateral Security Assets represent less than 1 per cent. of 
the total amount of the collateral security assets. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has entered into a number of agreements with BNP Paribas, who has agreed to perform 
services for the Issuer. In particular, but without limitation: 
- 
BNP Paribas has been appointed as Administrator to provide the Issuer with necessary advice, 
assistance and know-how, whether technical or otherwise in connection with the day to day 
management and corporate administration of the Issuer and to ensure that the Issuer exercises each of its 
rights and perform each of its obligations under the Programme Documents;  
- 
BNP Paribas has been appointed as Issuer Calculation Agent, as defined below, to make calculations as 
provided under the Programme Documents and in particular to make calculations relating to the Asset 
Cover Test, the Pre-Maturity Test, the Legal Liquidity Reserve and the Amortisation Test. 
Upon certain events occurring, a new entity would have to be appointed to act as Issuer Calculation Agent and 
Administrator.  
The ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be adversely affected by the failure 
of such parties to perform their respective obligations under the Programme Documents, including in case of 
any resolution procedure on BNP Paribas SFH or on the BNP Paribas Group (the "Group"). 
Under the relevant Programme Documents, the Issuer may in certain circumstances terminate the appointment 
of BNP Paribas or any other BNP Paribas Entity that may be appointed (such termination not being effective 
until a substitute servicer with the required rating shall have replaced BNP Paribas), in which case the transfer 
of the servicing function to a new servicer outside the BNP Paribas Group. However, there is a risk that no 
suitable successor will be found in a timely manner or with sufficient experience or ability to serve on the same 
or similar terms as provided by the relevant Programme Documents or as to the financial terms on which they 
would agree to be appointed. This may result in delays, increased costs and/or losses in collection of sums due 
to the Issuer under its assets, could create operational and administrative difficulties for the Issuer, and could 
adversely affect its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
For instance, if there is a downgrading of the long-term debt of BNP Paribas, as Administrator, or another 
Administrator Termination Event, as defined below, occurs pursuant to the terms of the Administrative 
Agreement, as defined below, the Issuer will be entitled to terminate the appointment of the Administrator and 
appoint a new administrator in its place. A substitute administrator with sufficient experience who would be 
willing and able to serve on the same or similar terms found in the Administrative Agreement may not be 
found. In particular, upon the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default and the subsequent enforcement of 
the Borrower Collateral Security, a substitute administrator with sufficient experience of servicing such 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets who could be willing and able to serve on the same or similar terms found 
in the Administrative Agreement may not be found. The ability of a substitute administrator to perform the 
required services fully would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available 
at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute administrator may affect the 
realisable value of the Issuer Security or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Issuer to make payments

--- Page 20 ---
20 
WS0101.32901144.1 
under the Covered Bonds. No Administrator has (nor will have, as applicable) any obligation itself to advance 
payments that the Borrower fails to make in a timely manner. The Representative is not obliged under any 
circumstance to act as an Administrator or to monitor the proper performance of obligations by any 
Administrator. 
The failure to proceed to the substitution of one or more of these parties in any of their role pursuant to the 
Programme Documents would adversely and materially affect the functioning of the Programme and as a 
consequence the ability of the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Programme. Consequently the 
Programme and the related Programme Documents may not effectively function up to the Maturity Date of the 
Covered Bonds. 
2. 
The Issuer is exposed to liquidity risk and market risks 
The Issuer may be exposed to liquidity risk 
The Issuer is legally bound to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its liquidity needs for a 180 days period 
by any of the assets set on in Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (see section entitled "Summary of the SFH Legal Framework and other legal issues - Liquidity 
needs"). Pursuant to Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the assessment of the Issuer's liquidity needs must be made by taking into account expected 
principal and interests inflows due to the Issuer under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and net flows 
under the Hedging Agreements. 
Any such liquidity needs must be covered by the Issuer with eligible Legal Substitution Assets or with assets 
that are eligible as collateral to the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the Banque de France in 
accordance with the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem. On the date of 
this Base Prospectus, a major part of the Home Loan receivables transferred in full title as Collateral Security 
to the Issuer in accordance with the Borrwer Collateral Security Agreement are eligible as collateral to the 
European Central Bank. The Issuer may also benefit from additional contractual undertakings, such as, at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, an obligation of the Cash Collateral Provider to fund a Cash Collateral into the 
credit of the Cash Collateral Account in the conditions described in sections "The main Programme 
Documents – The Cash Collateral Agreement - The Cash Collateral Account" and "Asset Monitoring - 
The Legal Liquidity Reserve". 
In any case, if the Issuer is not able to cover its liquidity needs with any of the tools and instruments legally 
and contractually available to it, the Issuer would still be allowed to raise temporary funds to cover these 
liquidity needs by subscribing for its own obligations de financement de l’habitat, within the limit of ten (10) 
per cent. of the total outstanding amount (encours total) of the resources benefiting from the Privilège as at the 
date of their subscription, and granting them as collateral to credit transactions (opérations de crédit) of the 
Banque de France in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see section entitled "Summary of the SFH Legal Framework 
and other legal issues - Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de 
financement de l'habitat as eligible collateral with the Banque de France"). 
However, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make payments under the Covered Bonds may be 
negatively affected. 
Pursuant to Regulation (règlement) no. 99-10 dated 99 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Comité de la 
Réglementation Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee), sociétés de 
financement de l’habitat must ensure that the average life of the eligible assets held by them, up to the 
minimum required to comply with the cover ratio (ratio de couverture) referred to in Article R. 513-8 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), does not exceed more than eighteen (18) 
months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège (see section entitled "Summary of the 
SFH Legal Framework and other legal issues - Liquidity needs").  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely but the impact of such risk could be high.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Issuer may be exposed to interest risks 
Each Borrower Advance granted by the Issuer to the benefit of the Borrower under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement shall be made available in the same Specified Currency and according to the same interest 
conditions as those applicable to the Covered Bonds funding such Borrower Advance. As a consequence, as 
long as a Borrower Event of Default has not occurred, the Issuer shall not be exposed to any interest risk 
regarding the Borrower Debt and the Covered Bonds. As at 31 December 2020, the Borrower Debt amounted 
to € 30,376,844,362.52. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default and the enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets, the Issuer’s Available Funds will arise from the Home Loan receivables comprised in the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets and related Home Loans Security. There is no assurance that the Home Loan 
receivables that are part of the Collateral Security bear interest by way of the same conditions or at the same 
level of rate (as it may be renegotiated from time to time by the debtors) as those of the Covered Bonds.  
In order to mitigate or hedge such potential interest rate risks, the Issuer may use different mechanisms: 
(i) 
mitigation mechanisms may include, without limitation, an obligation of the Cash Collateral 
Provider to fund an additional cash collateral into the Cash Collateral Account. (See section entitled 
"Asset Monitoring - Interest Reserve"). 
(ii) 
any remaining risks may be hedged by the Issuer mainly by entering into transactions to be governed 
by hedging agreements (each, an "Issuer Hedging Agreement"). Unless otherwise decided by the 
Issuer but subject to Rating Affirmation in such a case, the Issuer Hedging Agreements will provide 
that in the event that the relevant ratings of the hedging counterparty(ies) (or its respective garantor, 
as applicable) (the "Hedging Provider") is or are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the 
required ratings specified in the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement then applicable, the relevant 
Hedging Provider will be required to take certain remedial measures which may include one (1) or 
more of the followings: (i) providing collateral for its obligations under the relevant Hedging 
Agreement; (ii) arranging for its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement to be transferred 
to a replacement hedging provider with the ratings required by the Rating Agencies (as specified in 
the relevant Hedging Agreement); (iii) procuring another entity with the ratings required by the 
relevant Rating Agency (as specified in the relevant Hedging Agreement) to become co-obligor in 
respect of its obligations under the relevant Hedging Agreement; and/or (iv) taking such other 
actions (including no action) as will result in the relevant ratings of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding following the taking of such action (or inaction) being at, or restored to, the level it 
would have been, had the relevant downgrade of the Hedging Provider's ratings not occurred, and as 
confirmed by Fitch Ratings or S&P. Each Issuer Hedging Agreement may be terminated in 
accordance with certain termination events and events of defaults. An Issuer Event of Default will 
not constitute a termination event under any Issuer Hedging Agreement. On the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer has entered into an Issuer Hedging Agreement with BNP Paribas in order to 
hedge currency risks on Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency than Euro and a 
swap agreement with the Borrower mirroring such Issuer Hedging Agreement (the "Borrower 
Hedging Agreement", together with any Issuer Hedging Agreement, the "Hedging Agreements") 
which shall terminate upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, both the Issuer Hedging Agreement and the Borrower 
Hedging Agreement shall benefit from the Privilège set out in Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In case of a termination of any Issuer Hedging Agreement entered into by the Issuer, the Issuer may 
be liable to pay a hedging termination amount to the counterparty in accordance with the provisions 
of the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement. Such hedging termination amount, when to be paid by 
the Issuer and provided that the amount has not been reduced to zero (0) in accordance with the 
provisions of the relevant Issuer Hedging Agreement, shall be pari passu to payment under the 
Covered Bonds or subordinated to payments under the Covered Bonds if the termination amount 
qualifies as "Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs", as described in section "Cash 
Flow - Priority Payment Orders". For the avoidance of doubt, no termination amount shall be due 
by the Issuer under the Borrower Hedging Agreement.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
WS0101.32901144.1 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is  unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
3. 
Risks related to the Cover Pool 
3.1 
Risks related to the Cover Pool creditworthiness, credit risk and market value 
Debtors' ability to pay under the Home Loans 
The debtors under the Home Loans are individuals having borrowed under the Home Loans in order to finance 
the acquisition of real estate property. The ability of such debtors to make a timely payment mainly depends on 
their ability to generate sufficient income. As a result, the Home Loans selected in the cover pool are strictly 
under the loan-to-income ratio (taux d’effort) threshold of 33 %. 
If, following enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due 
from the debtors on such Home Loans, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the debtors under the Home 
Loans. 
None of the Borrower, the Issuer or any other party to the Programme Documents guarantees or warrants full 
and timely payment by the debtors under the Home Loans of any sums payable under such Home Loans. 
The ability of a debtor under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such Home 
Loans will mainly depend on his assets and his liabilities as well as his ability to generate sufficient income to 
make payments under the relevant Home Loans. His ability to generate income may be adversely affected by a 
large number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the debtor himself (including but not limited to 
his age and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more 
general in nature (such as changes in governmental regulations, fiscal policy, etc.). 
Furthermore, the debtors under the Home Loans may benefit from the favourable legal and statutory provisions 
of the French Consumer Code (Code de la consommation), pursuant to which any individual may, under 
certain circumstances, and subject to certain conditions, request and obtain from the competent court a grace 
period, a reduction of the amount of all and any of its indebtedness and any interest relating thereto and, as the 
case may be, (pursuant to (i) law no.98-657 dated 29 July 1998, as amended, and (ii) law no.2003-710 dated 
1st August 2003) a full or partial extinguishment of its indebtedness against a credit institution. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
Enforcement of Home Loan Guarantees 
If following enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer and notification of the 
debtors under the Home Loans and then enforcement of its rights by the Issuer under the relevant Home Loan 
Guarantees against the guarantor, the later does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant 
Home Loan Guarantees for whatever reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may affect 
the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds. As of 31 December 2020, Collateral 
Security Assets amounted to € 35,068,982,840, and consisted of 328,363 loans. After the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default and enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer will be exposed to the credit 
risk of the Home Loan Guarantee providers in relation to Home Loan which are secured by a Home Loan 
Guarantee, in case of default of the debtor of the relevant Home Loan. If the Home Loan Guarantee provider 
does not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the relevant Home Loan Guarantee for whatever 
reason or does not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
WS0101.32901144.1 
For Home Loans secured by a mortgage, the Issuer is exposed to the decrease of the value of the mortgaged 
property 
In any event, the value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of 
factors, including the national or international economic environment, regional economic or housing 
conditions, changes in tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on 
alternative investments, increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and 
government policies. As the properties securing the Home Loans are located in France, the value of such 
properties may therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France.  
Such decrease may accordingly affect the Issuer's ability to obtain an amount of enforcement proceeds which is 
sufficient to cover any unpaid amount due by the underlying debtor and as a result, this may affect the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds in full. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
Prepayment  
The rate of prepayment of Home Loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to amendments to 
home loan interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions, as well as changes in the debtor's 
behaviour (including but not limited to home-owner mobility). In addition, debtors under the Home Loans may 
renegotiate periodically the interest rate prevailing on their loan and such renegotiation may be accepted by the 
lender. 
While such occurrences may happen at any time and are difficult to quantify beforehand, the likeliness of such 
prepayments and renegotiations is currently high due to the ongoing prevailing of low market interest rates. 
A high level of prepayment and renegotiation of interest rate will reduce the yield of the Collateral Security 
Assets and therefore, may affect the ability of the Issuer to have sufficient funds to make payments under the 
Covered Bonds after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the impact of such risk could be low. 
3.2 
Operational and structural risks related to the Cover Pool 
Debtors may be entitled to invoke set-off against the Issuer under the Home Loans in certain limited 
occurrences 
Notwithstanding the transfer to the Issuer of the relevant Home Loans and related Home Loan Security, as long 
as the debtors are not notified of such transfer, the debtors under the relevant Home Loans may be entitled, 
under restrictive conditions, to set off the relevant Home Loans receivable against a claim they may have vis-à-
vis the relevant Borrower. After the notification of the transfer following the enforcement of a Borrower Event 
of Default, in the absence of contractual arrangements providing for statutory set-off possibilities under the 
Home Loans (see section entitled "The main Programme Documents – The Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement - Home Loan Eligibility Criteria") or judicial ordered set-off, only mutuality of claims 
(connexité) may still allow a set-off by a debtor under a Home Loan. A set-off between inter-related debts 
(dettes connexes) is available as a right. Inter-related debts (dettes connexes) mainly result from an economic 
association. In this latter case, mutuality of claims will be determined on a case by case basis, depending on the 
factual circumstances then existing. The most likely circumstance where set-off would be considered is when 
counterclaims resulting from a current account relationship will allow a debtor to set-off such counterclaims 
against sums due under a Home Loan. In this situation however, French case law states that there is no 
mutuality of claims, notwithstanding the fact that instalment under the home loan was to be paid by way of 
direct debit from the funds standing to the credit of the relevant current account, since the parties did not intend 
to interrelate their current account relationship and the lending transaction from an economical standpoint. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
WS0101.32901144.1 
4. 
Risks for Bondholders as creditors of the Issuer  
Modification, alteration or amendment of the Programme Documents without Bondholder prior consent 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, the Issuer 
may, with prior Rating Affirmation, as defined below, and without the prior consent or sanction of the 
Bondholders, concur with any person in making or sanctioning any modifications, alterations or supplements 
to any Programme Document to which it is a party. Such modifications, alterations or supplements may 
materially and adversely affect the interest of the Issuer or the Bondholders but shall be made with prior Rating 
Affirmation. 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, the Issuer 
may, without prior Rating Affirmation and without the prior consent or sanction of any of the Bondholders, 
concur with any person in making or sanctioning any modifications, alterations or supplements to any 
Programme Document to which it is a party if the same is: 
- 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
- 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to a Programme Document to which it is a party to 
any successor; 
- 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under a Programme 
Document to which it is a party; or 
- 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
Should the Issuer modify, alter, or amend any of the Programme Documents, the functioning of the Programme 
may be altered and be detrimental to the interest of the Bondholders. 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BORROWER 
Borrower's ability to pay under the Borrower Debt 
Neither the Issuer nor any other party to the Programme Documents (other than, upon certain circumstances, 
the Cash Collateral Provider) guarantees or warrants the full and timely payment by the Borrower of any sums 
of principal or interest payable under the Borrower Debt, being part of the Issuer Assets. As at 31 December 
2020, the Borrower Debt amounted to €30,376,844,362.52. 
Should BNP Paribas be subject to any applicable insolvency proceedings (including, the procedures of 
safeguard, moratorium, suspension of payments, controlled management, liquidation or similar insolvency 
proceedings), this would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against BNP Paribas to obtain timely payment 
of amounts of principal and interest due and payable under the Borrower Debt.  
However in such event, the Issuer would be entitled to accelerate the payment of such amounts and then 
immediately enforce the Borrower Collateral Security or the Cash Collateral (including upon and following the 
commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Cash Collateral Provider and/or the Borrower). 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is very unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be high. 
Epidemics and pandemics, including the ongoing coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and their economic 
consequences may adversely affect the Group’s business, operations, results and financial condition  
Since appearing in China in December 2019, a novel strain of the coronavirus (Covid-19) became a pandemic 
and spread globally, with a high concentration of cases in several countries in which the Group operates. Both 
the pandemic and government measures taken in response (including, border closings, travel restrictions, 
lockdown measures) had, at various times during 2020, and will continue to have a major impact, both direct 
and indirect, on economic activity and financial markets worldwide. In particular, the severe economic 
downturns in many regions as well as the reduction in global trade and commerce more generally have had and

--- Page 25 ---
25 
WS0101.32901144.1 
are likely to continue to have severe negative effects on global economic conditions as global production, 
investment, supply chains and/or consumer spending have been and will continue to be affected. 
In response to the adverse economic and market consequences of the pandemic, various governments and 
central banks took measures to support the economy (including, loan guarantee schemes, tax payment deferrals 
and expanded unemployment coverage) or to improve liquidity in the financial markets (such as, increased 
asset purchases and credit facilities) and extended or renewed many such measures as the pandemic and its 
adverse economic consequences continued. The Group has been channelling and continues to channel these 
measures to support customers, in particular in the Group’s retail banking networks through an active 
participation in state-guaranteed loans, for example, in France, Italy and the United States (120,000 loans 
granted in 2020, with the Group retaining 10%-30% of the risk, depending on the borrower’s size). However, 
such measures may not suffice to offset the negative effects of the pandemic on the economy regionally or 
globally, to mitigate regional or global recessions (which are currently occurring or may occur) or to prevent 
possible disruptions to financial markets fully and on a sustained basis. The economic environment may well 
deteriorate further before beginning to improve, given in particular the imposition of further public health 
measures imposed following the resurgence of the pandemic in many countries. 
The Group is exposed to risks from the pandemic and its economic and market consequences both due to its 
inherent general sensitivity, as a global financial institution, to macroeconomic and market conditions, as well 
as to specific implications, as described below. 
The Group’s results and financial condition has been and could continue to be adversely affected by reduced 
economic activity (including recessions) in its principal markets. The containment measures and other 
restrictions imposed at various times since the onset of the health crisis in several of the Group’s principal 
markets have significantly reduced economic activity to recessionary levels when they were in effect, and the 
reinstatement or continuation of these measures could have a similar effect.  In addition, the health crisis has 
caused a cost of risk (+EUR 2.5 billion to EUR 5.7 billion). Thus the net income attributable to equity holders 
amounted to EUR 7.1 billion, down by 13.5% compared to 2019, in connection with the sharp increase in the 
cost of risk. 
The health crisis had a major impact on the Group’s cost of risk in 2020 (which increased by 66 basis points), 
and could continue to have such an impact in the coming quarters, depending on macroeconomic scenarios 
and, in particular, the current uncertainties related to the evolution of the pandemic and its future economic 
consequences. The Group’s results and financial condition could be adversely affected to the extent that the 
counterparties to which it has exposure in certain sectors (including, the travel and tourism sector, non-food 
retail sector, the transportation and storage (excluding shipping) sector and the oil and gas sector) and more 
generally, to the extent the negative effect on credit quality is more widespread, could be materially and 
adversely affected, resulting in particular in an increase in the Group’s cost of risk. 
The Group’s results and financial condition could also be negatively affected by adverse trends in financial 
markets to the extent that the pandemic initially led to extreme market conditions (including, market volatility 
spikes, sharp drop in equity markets, tension on spreads, specific asset markets on hold), along with market 
volatility. This situation had and could again before the end of the crisis have an adverse impact on the Group’s 
market activities, which accounted for 15.4% of its consolidated revenues in 2020, in particular trading or other 
market-related losses resulting, among other reasons, from restrictions implemented in response to the health 
crisis such as on short-selling and dividend distributions (notably EUR 184 million of losses in the first quarter 
of 2020 related to the European authorities’ restrictions on payment of dividends in respect of the 2019 fiscal 
year). Moreover, certain of the Group’s investment portfolios (e.g. in its insurance subsidiaries) are accounted 
for on a mark-to-market basis and thus were impacted by adverse market conditions in the second quarter of 
2020 and could be impacted again in the future. 
Finally, the current health crisis could increase the probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by 
the Group such as: (i) pressure on revenues due in particular to (a) a further reduction in market interest rates 
and a likely prolongation of the low interest rate environment and (b) lower asset management inflows and 
hence revenues from fees and commissions; (ii) an increased risk of a ratings downgrade following sector 
reviews by rating agencies; (iii) a deterioration in the Group’s liquidity due to various factors including 
increased customer drawdowns and/ or lower deposit balances and iv) higher risk-weighted assets due to the 
deterioration of risk parameters, which would affect the Group’s capital position.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Uncertainty as to the duration and extent of the pandemic’s remaining course makes the overall impact on the 
economies of the Group’s principal markets as well as the world economy difficult to predict. 
The extent to which the economic consequences of the pandemic will continue to affect the Group’s results and 
financial condition will indeed depend largely on (i) periodic and local re-impositions of lockdowns, as well as 
various restrictive measures that have been put in place and that could be renewed or reintroduced, as has been 
done in Europe, (ii) the timing and extent of a return to pre-pandemic lifestyles, business operations and 
economic interactions, (iii) the effects of the measures taken to date or future measures that may be taken by 
governments and central banks to attenuate the economic fallout of the pandemic and (iv) the duration and 
extent of the pandemic’s remaining course, including the prospect of new waves or the appearance of new 
strains of the virus and, consequently, a reinstatement of lockdown measures or other restrictions in the 
Group’s various markets, as well as the pace of deployment of vaccines and their effectiveness against all new 
strains of the coronavirus. In addition, while central bank and government actions and support measures taken 
in response to the pandemic have to date and may well continue to help attenuate its adverse economic and 
market consequences, central banks and regulators have also issued and may issue additional restrictions or 
recommendations in respect of banks’ actions. In particular, they have limited and may continue to limit or 
seek to limit banks’ flexibility in managing their business and taking action in relation to capital distribution, 
capital allocation and remuneration policies.  
Nevertheless, the SFH Legal Framework and the Programme Documents provide for mitigants or for 
substitution and/or constitution of cash collateral upon certain triggers (most notably, the Asset Cover Test and 
several triggers based upon long or short term ratings of BNP Paribas, as further described in the section 
entitled "The main Programme Documents -The Cash Collateral Agreement") in case of BNP Paribas failure to 
perform its payment obligation toward the Issuer.  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk happening to 
the Issuer is unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low coinsidering the Issuer's activities.  
III. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BORROWER COLLATERAL SECURITY   
No prior notification to debtors under the Home Loan receivables transferred as Borrower Collateral 
Security  
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement will provide that the relevant Home Loans receivables and Home 
Loan Security will be transferred by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) without 
notification to the underlying debtors of such Home Loans. Such debtors will only be notified if and when the 
relevant collateral security is enforced following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. Notification 
to such debtors will only be effected when upon such Borrower Event of Default, the relevant collateral 
security has been enforced. As long as no such notification has been given, any payment made by any debtor 
under the relevant Home Loans to the Borrower will be considered valid, as applicable, even though title to 
such Home Loans has been validly transferred by way of security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de 
garantie) to the Issuer.  
Notification to the debtors under the relevant Home Loans may not be made at the times mandated and the 
Issuer may not obtain effective direct payment from the debtors under the relevant Home Loans in a 
sufficiently timely manner, all of which may affect payments under the Covered Bonds. In such circumstances, 
a shortfall in distributions of interest or repayment of principal to Bondholders may result.  
Until notification to the debtors has been given informing them that insolvency proceedings have been opened 
against the Borrower, a statutory stay of execution under mandatory rules of French insolvency law will 
prevent the Issuer from taking recourse against the Borrower for repayment of collections received by the 
Borrower under the relevant Home Loans which are commingled with the Borrower's other funds. 
This commingling risk is mitigated by the funding of certain cash collateral upon the occurrence of certain 
rating downgrade events (for more details, see sections "The main Programme Documents – The Cash 
Collateral Agreement - The Cash Collateral Account" and "Asset Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test").  
It is the Issuer’s assessment that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Risks related to maintenance of Borrower Collateral Security value prior to or following enforcement 
thereof 
If the collateral value of the Home Loans receivables and related Home Loan Security transferred by way of 
security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) as Borrower Collateral Security in favour of the Issuer 
pursuant to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement has not been maintained in accordance with the terms 
of the Asset Cover Test, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio") or the 
other provisions of the Programme Documents, the value of the relevant Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
or any part thereof (before and after the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default) or the price or value of 
such Home Loans receivables and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the 
Issuer may be affected. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio 
provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred and five per cent (105%). As of 31 December 
2020, the Overcollateralisation Ratio of the Issuer was at 112.65 %. 
The value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of factors, 
including the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in 
tax laws, mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, 
increasing utility costs and other day-to-day expenses, political developments and government policies. In 
addition, as the properties securing the Home Loans are predominantly located in France, the value of such 
properties may therefore decline in the event of a general downturn in the value of property in France. 
In addition, with respect to any sale or refinancing of the Home Loan receivables transferred by way of 
security (remis en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) and the related Home Loan Security to third parties, the 
Issuer will not be permitted to give warranties or indemnities as to those assets. There is no assurance that 
representations or warranties previously given by the Borrower with respect to such assets pursuant to the 
terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement may benefit a third party purchaser of such assets upon 
sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer. Accordingly, there is a risk that the price or value of such assets upon 
the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties 
which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments when due under the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
In view of the above, the materialisation of any of the foregoing factors could adversely affect the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations, and may result in the Issuer having 
insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. The impact of such risk could be low. 
IV. 
RISK RELATED TO THE HOME LOANS AND RELATED HOME LOAN SECURITY 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Borrower  
Each of the Home Loans originated by the Borrower will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Borrower's lending criteria will generally consider the 
type of financed property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, the status of applicants and 
their credit history. One (1) of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria requires that, prior to the date upon which 
the Home Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, all scoring and lending criteria and 
preconditions as applied by the originator of the Home Loan pursuant to its customary lending procedures be 
satisfied. The Borrower retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time. If the lending criteria 
changes in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Home Loans, that may lead to increased defaults 
by borrowers thereof and may affect the realisable value of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, or a part 
thereof, and may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Covered Bonds upon the service of 
a Borrower Enforcement Notice. As of 31 December 2020, Collateral Security Assets consisted of 328,363 
loans with an average loan balance of €106,799 and a weighted average loan to value ratio of 62.98 % 
(58.82 % indexed).  
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Risk related to the ability of the Issuer to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans  
Mortgage and lender’s privilege  
Pursuant to Articles 2393 et seq. of the French Civil Code (Code Civil), a mortgage is a security in rem that can 
be enforced by the beneficiary (the mortgagee) in case of default by the promisor (the mortgagor). Pursuant to 
Article 2374 of the French Civil Code (Code Civil), the lender’s privilege (privilège du prêteur de deniers) is a 
lien that can also be enforced by the beneficiary in case of default by the promisor. 
A mortgage has two main implications for the ability of the beneficiary to recover upon the promisor’s default: 
(i) a preferential right on the sale of the property, known as droit de préférence, and (ii) the lender’s right to 
follow property, known as droit de suite. 
Pursuant to droit de préférence, the beneficiary of a mortgage or a lender’s privilege will rank, with respect to 
sale proceeds, in the order of priority of registration of privileges and mortgages encumbering such property.  
Pursuant to droit de suite, secured creditors will continue to benefit from the lender’s privilege or mortgage, 
even if the property is transferred by the debtor to a third party without the lenders’ consent. If the secured 
creditor wishes to exercise this right, an order to pay must be served on the debtor by a bailiff and notice must 
be served on the third party to whom the relevant secured property was transferred (tiers détenteur de 
l’immeuble hypothéqué) with a view to requiring the latter either to pay the debt secured over the property or to 
surrender the property at an auction. 
The exercise of the droit de suite is often frozen due to an "advanced clearing" of the privileges and mortgages 
granted over the relevant property (purge des privilèges et hypothèques). If the debtor and all secured creditors 
agree, in accordance with Article 2475 of the French Civil Code (Code Civil), for sale proceeds to be allocated 
to them, the secured creditors exercise their preferential rights over the sale proceeds, the payment of which 
will discharge all privileges and mortgages granted over the property (purge amiable). 
Foreclosure 
Foreclosure on property located in France by secured creditors may require the sale of the property at a public 
auction if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by the debtor (conversion en vente volontaire or à l’amiable). 
The foreclosure procedure may take up to one and a half (1.5) years in normal circumstances.  
A number of legal notices must be given prior to the sale. The debtor may file objections against such 
foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a competent court. If no bid 
is made at the public auction, and provided there is only one (1) foreclosing creditor, such foreclosing creditor 
is declared the highest bidder and is thus obliged to purchase the property at the reserve price specified in the 
terms of the sale.  
If no agreement is reached (for instance if the sale price of the property is substantially below the amount of 
the secured debt), the third party will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the secured creditors in 
order to clear all privileges and mortgages granted over the relevant property (purge judiciaire, Articles 2476 
et seq. of the French Civil Code (Code Civil)). Secured creditors may refuse this offer if they believe that the 
sale price has been underestimated by the debtor and the third party. In this case, an auction will be ordered 
with a minimum bid corresponding to the price offered by the relevant third party to the secured creditor, plus 
ten per cent (10%). 
The Issuer’s ability to liquidate the properties secured under the Home Loans efficiently and in a timely 
manner, and in turn to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, may be adversely affected by the legal 
procedures described above. 
In view of the above, it is the Issuer’s assessment that the probability of occurrence of such risk 
happening is unlikely and that the impact of such risk could be low. 
V. 
RISKS RELATED TO COVERED BONDS 
The following does not describe all the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds. Prospective investors 
should consult their own financial and legal advisers about risks associated with investment in the Covered

--- Page 29 ---
29 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Bonds and the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds considering their particular circumstances. The 
following categories of risk factors are identified:  
1. 
Risks related to the Issuer's liabilities under the Covered Bonds 
Resolution procedures under the European Bank Recovery and Resolution framework may have an impact 
on the Issuer' liabilities under the Covered Bonds  
On 2 July 2014, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 
providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions 
and investment firms (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force. 
The implementation of the BRRD in France was made by two main texts of legislative nature. Firstly, the 
banking law dated 26 July 2013 regarding the separation and the regulation of banking activities (Loi de 
séparation et de régulation des activités bancaires) (as modified by the ordinance dated 20 February 2014 
(Ordonnance portant diverses dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en 
matière financière)) (the "Banking Law") had anticipated the implementation of the BRRD. Secondly, 
ordinance no. 2015-1024 dated 20 August 2015 (Ordonnance no 2015-1024 du 20 août 2015 portant diverses 
dispositions d’adaptation de la législation au droit de l’Union européenne en matière financière) (the 
"Ordinance") published in the Official Journal on 21 August 2015 ratified by the Law no.2016-1691 of 9 
December 2016 relating to transparency, the fight against corruption and the modernisation of economic life 
(Loi no. 2016-1691 du 9 décembre 2016 relative à la transparence, à la lutte contre la corruption et à la 
modernisation de la vie économique) has introduced various provisions amending and supplementing the 
Banking Law to adapt French law to European Union legislation regarding financial matters. Many of the 
provisions contained in the BRRD were already similar in effect to provisions contained in the Banking Law. 
Decree no. 2015-1160 dated 17 September 2015 and three orders dated 11 September 2015 (décret et arrêtés) 
implementing provisions of the Ordinance regarding (i) recovery planning, (ii) resolution planning and (iii) 
criteria to assess the resolvability of an institution or group, have been published on 20 September 2015 to 
mostly implement the BRRD in France. 
The aim of the BRRD is to provide resolution authorities with common tools and powers to address banking 
crises pre-emptively in order to safeguard financial stability and minimize taxpayers' contributions to bank 
bail-outs (which should be used as a last resort) and/or exposure to losses. The powers provided to authorities 
(the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution or the Single Resolution Board as the case may be in 
France) in the BRRD are divided into three categories: (i) preparatory steps and plans to minimize the risks of 
potential problems (preparation and prevention); (ii) in the event of incipient problems, powers to arrest a 
firm's deteriorating situation at an early stage so as to avoid insolvency (early intervention); and (iii) if 
insolvency of a firm presents a concern as regards the general public interest, a clear means to reorganize or 
wind down the firm in an orderly fashion while preserving its critical functions and limiting to the maximum 
extent any exposure of taxpayers to losses.  
Moreover, Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 (the 
"SRM Regulation" establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution 
Fund has established a centralised power of resolution entrusted to a Single Resolution Board and to the 
national resolution authorities. 
Under the BRRD, the resolution authority may, when an institution is being considered to have reached the 
point of non viability commence resolution proceedings and exercise resolution tools and powers in respect of 
such institution when: 
(a) the institution is failing or likely to fail (as to which see (w) to (z) below); 
(b) there are no reasonable prospects that a private action would prevent the failure; and 
(c) except with respect to capital instruments, a resolution action is necessary and in the public interest. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (w) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, 
in breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (x) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to

--- Page 30 ---
30 
WS0101.32901144.1 
be, less than its liabilities; (y) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due; 
or (z) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).  
The BRRD currently contains four resolution tools and powers:  
(i) sale of business: enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms without requiring the consent of the shareholders or complying with the 
procedural requirements that would otherwise apply;  
(ii) bridge institution: enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
"bridge bank" (a public controlled entity holding such business or part of a business with a view to reselling it);  
(iii) asset separation: enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to asset 
management vehicles to allow such assets to be managed and worked out over time; and  
(iv) bail-in: gives resolution authorities the power to write-down the claims of unsecured creditors of a failing 
institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the "general bail-in tool"), which equity 
could also be subject to any future cancellation, transfer or dilution by application of the general bail-in tool.  
The BRRD also provides the right for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exploited the 
above resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to provide 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well 
as, in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. 
Bail-in enables the resolution authority to write down subordinated or non-subordinated debt of a failing 
institution and/or convert them to equity, which equity could also be subject to any reduction or written down. 
When applying bail-in the resolution authority must first reduce or cancel common equity tier one, thereafter 
reduce, cancel, convert additional tier one instruments, then tier two instruments then non-preferred senior debt 
instruments and finally senior preferred debt instruments. If only this total reduction is less than the amount 
needed, the resolution authority will reduce or convert to the extent required the principal amount or 
outstanding amount payable in respect of unsecured creditors in accordance with the hierarchy of claims in 
normal insolvency proceedings. In this respect, the Issuer has € 40,000,000 of subordinated debt outstanding as 
of December 31, 2020. 
It should be noted that on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal for a European 
Directive amending the BRRD and a proposal for a European Regulation amending the SRM Regulation. The 
European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the Directive no. 2019/879/EU dated 20 
May 2019 amending the BRRD (the "BRRD Revision" and together with the BRRD, the "BRRD II") and the 
Regulation no. 2019/877/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the SRM Regulation (the "SRM Regulation 
Revision" and together with the SRM Regulation, the "SRM Regulation II"). These amending texts were 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019 and came into force on 27 June 2019. 
The BRRD Revision was implemented in France by a decree-law (Ordonnance n° 2020-1636 relative au 
régime de résolution dans le secteur bancaire) dated 21 December 2020.  
Regarding Covered Bonds, the BRRD provides that the relevant resolution authority shall not exercise the 
write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds and liabilities in the 
form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover pool and 
which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are governed by 
the law of a Member State or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant claims for the purposes of the bail-in 
tool would include the claims of the holders in respect of any Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, 
only if and to the extent that the bond liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against which it 
is secured. In this respect, it is to be noted that the Issuer shall maintain at any time a Minimum Legal 
Overcollateralisation Ratio of 105 %. The Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio as of 31 December 2020 certified 
by the Specific Controller was 112.65 % and as of 31 March 2021 was 111.97% (not yet certified by the 
Specific Controller).

--- Page 31 ---
31 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any 
suggestions of such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
Bondholders, the price or value of an investment in the Covered Bonds and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds, and as a result investors may lose their entire investment. Moreover, 
if the Issuer’s financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Power or the exercise of write-
down/conversion powers by the resolution authority independently of a resolution measure with respect to 
capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) or in combination with a resolution measure 
when it determines that the institution or its group will no longer be viable could cause the market price or 
value of the Covered Bonds to decline more rapidly than would be the case in the absence of such powers. 
The Issuer filing for bankruptcy will not give rise to the right on the part of the Representative of the 
Bondholders to declare an Issuer Event of Default and the Covered Bonds immediately due and payable 
The Issuer, as a société anonyme, is subject to French laws and proceedings affecting creditors (including 
conciliation proceedings (procédure de conciliation), safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), 
accelerated financial safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde financière accélérée), accelerated 
safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde accélérée) and judicial reorganisation or liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires).  
The Issuer, as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), is also subject to the 
provisions of Articles L. 613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). These provisions include in particular specific rules on the opening of an insolvency proceeding 
against the Issuer, the involvement of the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de Résolution in the event of 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, specific concepts of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements) for the Issuer 
and some specific rules of liquidation for the Issuer. 
As a general principle, the above mentioned insolvency and reorganisation rules favour the continuation of a 
business and protection of employment over the payment of creditors.  
However, the Issuer, as a société de financement de l'habitat, has no employees and benefits from a protective 
regime for investors which derogates in many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency 
proceedings, in particular: 
 in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (nullités 
facultatives de la période suspecte) are not applicable to contracts concluded by a société de financement de 
l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such 
contracts or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-
30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
 in accordance with Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement or de liquidation judiciaires of a shareholder of 
the Issuer cannot be extended to the Issuer; 
 any service/loan agreement pursuant to which the Issuer has delegated to another company the management 
or the recovery of loans, exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, instruments, bonds or other sources 
of financing may be immediately terminated upon the opening of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) affecting that company; 
 pursuant to the Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
in case of procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires, or procédure de 
conciliation (conciliation proceedings) of the Issuer, all cash flows generated by the assets of the Issuer are 
allocated as a matter of absolute priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the 
Privilège (in particular the Covered Bonds) as they fall due, in preference to all other claims, whether or not 
secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from 
the Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the assets of the Issuer; 
 pursuant to the paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the Privilège shall not 
become due and payable as a result of the liquidation judiciaire of the Issuer.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
WS0101.32901144.1 
As a result, the Issuer filing for bankruptcy will not give rise to the right on the part of the Representative of 
the Bondholders to declare an Issuer Event of Default and the Covered Bonds immediately due and payable.  
Indeed, the bankruptcy of the Issuer, which is an event that is customarily considered as an event of default 
under debt instruments giving rise to an absolute or qualified right on the part of the registered holder to 
declare such debt instrument immediately due and payable, constitutes the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default under the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds". However, the declaration of the 
Representative of the Bondholders to declare an Issuer Event of Default, as described in Condition 10 "Events 
of Default" under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds", and the Covered Bonds immediately due 
and payable due to the sole opening of bankruptcy proceedings or of conciliation proceedings with respect to 
the Issuer would contravene to the SFH Legal Framework which provides, by derogation to the French 
bankruptcy legal framework, that (i) all cash flows generated by the assets of the Issuer are allocated as a 
matter of absolute priority to servicing liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège as they fall due, 
in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of the 
liabilities of the Issuer which benefit from the Privilège, no other creditors may take any action against the 
assets of the Issuer and (ii) the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the Privilège shall not 
become due and payable as a result of the liquidation judiciaire of the Issuer. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds and Rating Affirmation 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies are based on the Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets, the Borrower Collateral Security, the Home Loans and Home Loan Security, the Cash 
Collateral, the Privilège and the other relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under 
the Programme Documents, including, among other things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt ratings of the parties to the Programme Documents, and reflect only the 
views of the Rating Agencies. The ratings address the probability of occurrence of full and timely receipt by 
any of the relevant Bondholders of interest on the Covered Bonds and the probability of occurrence of receipt 
by any relevant Bondholder of principal of the Covered Bonds by the relevant Final Maturity Date (or the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date, if any). There is no assurance that any such ratings will continue for 
any period of time or that they will not be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn entirely by any of the 
Rating Agencies as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or if, in the judgement of the Rating 
Agencies, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal of any of the ratings mentioned 
above may impact upon both the value of the Covered Bonds or their marketability in secondary market 
transactions. 
The Rating Agencies will be notified of the exercise of certain discretions exercised by or on behalf of the 
Issuer under the Programme Documents, in particular, for any matters that are subject to Rating Affirmation. 
However, the Rating Agencies are under no obligation to revert to the Issuer (or any of its agents) regarding 
the impact of the exercise of such discretion on the ratings of the Covered Bonds and any decision as to 
whether or not to confirm, downgrade, withdraw or qualify the ratings of all classes or any class of Covered 
Bonds based on such notification may be made at the sole discretion of the Rating Agencies at any time, 
including after the relevant action has been taken. 
Agencies other than the Rating Agencies could seek to rate the Covered Bonds and if such unsolicited ratings 
are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agencies, those unsolicited 
ratings could have an adverse effect on the value and the marketability of the Covered Bonds. For the 
avoidance of doubt and unless the context otherwise requires, any references to "ratings" or "rating" in this 
Base Prospectus are to ratings assigned by the specified Rating Agencies only. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EC) no. 1060/2009 of 16 September 
2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") from using credit ratings for regulatory 
purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union  and 
registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. The 
relevant Final Terms will specify whether or not such credit ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union , and whether or not the relevant credit rating agency is registered (or has 
applied for registration) under the CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the ESMA (www.esma.europa.eu).

--- Page 33 ---
33 
WS0101.32901144.1 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
change or withdrawal at any time and without prior notice by the assigning rating agency. 
Any absence or untimely delivery of a Rating Affirmation as well as any decline of the credit rating of the 
Covered Bonds may adversely affect the value of the outstanding Covered Bonds, increase the Issuer's cost of 
borrowing and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to issue new Covered Bonds. As a result, investors could 
lose part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. As of 31 December 2020, the outstanding amount of the 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer is € 30,324,344,450 net principal amount. 
Modification of the Conditions of Covered Bonds 
The holders of Covered Bonds will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interest in a masse, as defined in Condition 12 which will act in part through a 
representative (the "Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Bondholders (the 
"Collective Decisions"). Collective Decisions will be adopted either in a general meeting (the "General 
Meeting") or by the approval of a written resolution (the "Written Resolution"). The Terms and Conditions 
applicable to Covered Bonds permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all holders of Covered Bonds 
including Bondholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting, holders of Covered Bonds 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority and holders of Covered Bonds who did not respond to, or 
rejected the relevant Written Resolution. The Collective Decisions may be adopted on any proposal relating to 
a resolution to direct the Representative to take any action as provided under this Base prospectus (including to 
serve an Issuer Enforcement Notice) to the modification of the Conditions including any proposal, whether for 
arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or which were the subject of judicial decisions, as 
more fully described in Condition 12. While it is not possible to assess the probability of occurrence that the 
terms and conditions will need to be amended by way of a General Meeting or Written Consultation during the 
life of the Covered Bonds, if such a General Meeting were to take place or such a Written Consultation were to 
be taken, it is possible that a majority of French Law Bondholders could adopt a decision that would modify 
the terms and conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the French Law Bondholders. 
However, the probability of occurrence of a majority of French Law Bondholders adopting a decision that 
would have a significant adverse effect on the French Law Bondholders should not be overplayed.  
2. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series or have different 
terms to an existing Series (in which case they will constitute a new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from 
time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects.  
The Programme allows for different types of Covered Bonds to be issued. Accordingly, each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds may carry varying risks for prospective investors, depending on the specific structure and 
features of such Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer  
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of such Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior for any redemption 
period. 
Pursuant to Condition 7 of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer may, at its option, 
redeem in whole or in part the Covered Bonds prior to their Maturity Date through the exercise of the 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption. The Covered Bonds will also be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity for taxation reasons or due to illegality (in accordance with Conditions 7(e) and 
7(f)). 
At those times, an investor generally may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at 
a significantly lower rate. This could have a material adverse effect on the yield of the Covered Bonds that 
could be considerably less than anticipated by the Bondholders. Prospective investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
WS0101.32901144.1 
In addition, any optional redemption of the Covered Bonds by the Issuer is likely to limit their market value. 
During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered 
Bonds generally will not rise above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. If they have acquired the Covered Bonds when they were trading above par, such 
Bondholders could lose part of their investment. 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be redeemed after their Final Maturity Date 
Pursuant to Condition 7(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, the Final Maturity Date of the 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds may be extended automatically to the Extended Final Maturity Date if the Final 
Redemption Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet Covered Bonds is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity 
Date (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). The payment of the Final Redemption Amount may be 
automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final 
Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to and 
including the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount 
during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The extension of the maturity of the Covered Bonds from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will 
not result in any right of the Bondholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and will 
result in a delay of payments of principal on the relevant Covered Bonds.  
Changes in interest rates may adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds 
Investors are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase after the issuance of the Covered 
Bonds, this may adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds and investors may lose all or part of their 
investment. 
Investors in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a fixed rate (as further described in Condition 6(b) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) are exposed to the risk that if interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the relevant 
Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Investors in Covered Bonds which bear interest at a floating rate (as further described in Condition 6(c) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) are exposed to the risk that they cannot anticipate the interest 
income on the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to 
determine a definite yield for Floating Rate Covered Bonds at the time they purchase them, and therefore their 
investment return cannot be compared with that of investments having longer fixed interest periods and this 
will adversely affect the value of the Covered Bonds.  
In addition, Covered Bonds with floating interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to 
include caps or floors, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as further described in Condition 6(e) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds) have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a reference rate. The 
market values of such Covered Bonds typically are more volatile than market values of other conventional 
floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds are more volatile because an increase in the reference rate not only decreases the 
interest rate of the Covered Bonds, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further 
adversely affects the market value of these Covered Bonds. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility 
in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as further described in Condition 6(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds) may bear interest at a rate (i) that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate or (ii) that will automatically change from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate, in each case on the date set out in the Final Terms. The Issuer's 
ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Covered Bonds 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of 
borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate or if there is an automatic change from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Covered Bonds. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate or if there is an automatic 
change from a floating rate to a fixed rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Covered Bonds. It is difficult to anticipate market volatility in interest rates, 
but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds. Investors 
should also refer to the risk factors relating to Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial premium 
The relevant Final Terms of a Tranche of Covered Bonds will specify the relevant issue price.The market 
values of securities issued at a substantial premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in 
relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. Therefore, holders of Covered Bonds 
issued at a substantial premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of 
conventional interest-bearing securities.  
Benchmark regulation and future discontinuance of "Benchmark"  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and comparable indices may be used as a reference interest 
rate, also known as benchmarks, with respect to a floating interest rate payable under the Covered Bonds. 
These benchmarks may qualify as a benchmark (the "Benchmark") within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, as amended of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014, as may be amended 
from time to time (the "Benchmark Regulation") which most provisions apply since 1 January 2018 with the 
exception of certain provisions (mainly on critical benchmarks) that apply as from 30 June 2016.  
Under the Benchmark Regulation, the ESMA has published a register of administrators and third country 
benchmarks, in accordance with Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation. 
The Benchmark Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union and will, among other things, (i) require 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the 
administration of "benchmarks" and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of 
administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised 
or endorsed). In the United Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulations as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA") provides for equivalent sets of rules.  
The scope of the Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices, 
such as EURIBOR, applies to many other indices (including "proprietary" indices or, potentially, baskets, 
portfolios or strategies) where used to determine the amount payable under or the value or performance of 
certain financial instruments for which a request for admission to trading on a trading venue has been made, or 
which are traded on a trading venue (EU regulated market, EU multilateral trading facility, EU organised 
trading facility) or via a systematic internaliser or to measure the performance of certain investment funds with 
the purpose of tracking the return or defining the asset allocation or computing the performance fees. Different 
types of benchmark (critical benchmarks, significant benchmarks, non-significant benchmarks and interest rate

--- Page 36 ---
36 
WS0101.32901144.1 
benchmarks, commodity benchmarks, regulated data benchmarks) are subject to some variations to take into 
account their characterisation. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmark Regulation could have a material adverse effect on 
the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a Benchmark and complying with the Benchmark Regulation. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain Benchmarks, trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain Benchmarks, adversely affect the performance of a 
Benchmark or lead to the disappearance of certain Benchmarks. Any of these changes could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to a Benchmark.  
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmarks Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The Benchmark Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain benchmarks (such as EURIBOR) by conferring the power to designate a statutory 
replacement for certain benchmarks on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement 
being limited to contracts and financial instruments (such as certain Covered Bonds under the Programme) (the 
"Amending Regulation")  which contain no fallback provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the 
date of cessation of the benchmark concerned. For instance, if pursuant to a fallback provision included in the 
Condition 6.(c)(iii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds, a benchmark is replaced by a 
benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or the 
economic reality that the benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain Covered Bonds issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such benchmark and 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable benchmark. However, there are still some uncertainties as to the application of these regulatory 
provisions as implementing acts must be adopted..  
In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country benchmarks are extended until the end of 
2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. The 
Amending Regulation applies as of 13 February 2021. 
Moreover, under Article 51 of Benchmarks Regulation, an index provider may continue to provide an existing 
benchmark that has been recognised as a critical benchmark, or an existing benchmark that has been 
recognised as a critical benchmark may be used for existing and new financial instruments until 31 December 
2021. The use in the EU by supervised entities of a third-country benchmark is permitted for financial 
instruments, financial contracts and measurements of the performance of an investment fund that already 
reference that benchmark or which add a reference to such benchmark before 31 December 2023. The 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. 
Investors should be aware that, if a benchmark rate were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of 
interest on Covered Bonds which are linked to or which reference such benchmark rate will be determined for 
the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to the Covered Bonds. The Terms and Conditions of 
the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark becomes 
unavailable. However, such fall-back provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
Commission or the relevant national authority, as mentioned above. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any 
Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
Discontinuation of any benchmark and change of the applicable floating rate of interest of the Covered 
Bonds 
Pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iii)(C) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds which applies to Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds, if the Calculation Agent determines at any time that the relevant reference rate has been 
discontinued, the Calculation Agent will use, as a substitute for the relevant reference rate, the alternative

--- Page 37 ---
37 
WS0101.32901144.1 
reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution in the 
jurisdiction of the currency of the relevant rate that is consistent with industry accepted standards. If the 
Calculation Agent notifies the Issuer that it is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate, the 
Calculation Agent will appoint a determination agent (which may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the Principal Financial Center of the Specified Currency as appointed by the Calculation 
Agent; (ii) the Calculation Agent or (iii) such other entity that the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
determines to be competent to carry out such role (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent") who will 
determine a replacement reference rate, as well as any required changes to the business day convention, the 
definition of business day, the interest determination date, the day count fraction and any method for 
calculating the replacement rate including any adjustment required to make such replacement reference rate 
comparable to the relevant reference rate. Such replacement reference rate will (in the absence of manifest 
error) be final and binding, and will apply to the relevant Covered Bonds.  
The replacement rate may perform differently from the discontinued reference rate. These and other changes 
could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to the historical and expected 
performance of EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS, TEC or the applicable benchmark. Any  adjustment applied to any 
Covered Bonds may not adequately compensate for this impact. This could in turn impact the rate of interest 
on and trading value of the affected Covered Bonds.  
If the Calculation Agent or the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate 
replacement reference rate, then the relevant rate of interest for the affected Covered Bonds will not be 
changed. The terms of the Covered Bonds provide that, if it is not possible to determine a value for a given 
reference rate, the relevant reference rate on such Covered Bonds will be the last available rate plus or minus, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, the margin, if any, effectively converting such Covered Bonds into 
fixed rate covered bonds. The Conditions also provide for other fallbacks, such as consulting reference banks 
for rate quotations, which may not be possible if the reference banks decline to provide such quotations for a 
sustained period of time (or at all).  
Even if the Calculation Agent or the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is able to determine that the rate of 
interest is discontinued but for any reason a Replacement Reference Rate has not been determined, the Issuer 
may decide not to change the rate of interest but instead to fix such rate of interest on the basis of the last 
available quotation of the relevant reference rate. This mechanism will result in the Covered Bonds being 
effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding such Covered Bonds might incur costs from 
unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Covered Bonds will not 
benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Covered Bonds could as a consequence be 
adversely affected. 
It is possible that, if a reference rate is discontinued, a clear successor rate will not be established in the market 
for some time. Accordingly, the terms of the Covered Bonds provide as an ultimate fallback that, following the 
designation of a replacement rate, if the Calculation Agent or the Relevant Rate Determination Agent considers 
that such replacement reference rate is no longer substantially comparable to the original reference rate or does 
not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Calculation Agent will appoint or re-appoint a Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent) for the purposes of confirming the replacement reference rate or determining a substitute 
replacement reference rate (despite the continued existence of the initial replacement reference rate). Any such 
substitute replacement reference rate, once designated pursuant to the Conditions, will apply to the affected 
Covered Bonds. This could impact the relevant rate of interest in respect of the Covered Bonds and the trading 
value of the affected Covered Bonds. In addition, any holders of such Covered Bonds that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the original replacement reference rate may find their hedges to be ineffective, and they 
may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the new replacement reference rate. 
There is a high probability that certain IBORs will cease to exist or undergo changes that could increase the 
probability of occurrence of the risks set out above materializing. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark” or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount 
payable under, the Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. Investors should note that, the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant successor rate in the

--- Page 38 ---
38 
WS0101.32901144.1 
circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected consequences and, due to the 
particular circumstances of each Bondholder, any such adjustment may not be favourable to such Bondholder.  
3. 
Risks related to the market of the Covered Bonds 
Market value of the Covered Bonds 
The market value of the Covered Bonds will be affected by the creditworthiness and/or the credit ratings of the 
Issuer and a number of additional factors, including the market interest and yield rates and the time remaining 
to the maturity date. 
The value of the Covered Bonds that may be listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market depends on several interrelated factors, including economic, financial, regulatory and 
political events in France, in the United Kingdom (including Brexit) or elsewhere, including factors affecting 
capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the Covered Bonds are traded. The price at which 
the holders of the Covered Bonds will be able to sell the Covered Bonds prior to maturity may be at a discount, 
which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such holders and result in losing 
part of their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
In addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the Final terms and the Final Redemption Amount of 
the relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Maturity Date, the payment of such Final Redemption 
Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Maturity Date. In 
this scenario, Bondholders will be further exposed to market risks until the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a 
result, the situation of the Issuer might adversely change between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended 
Final Maturity Date and the market value of the Covered Bonds between the Final Maturity Date and the 
Extended Final Maturity Date might be significantly affected. 
A trading market may not develop or continue or be liquid  
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and an active trading market may not 
develop in the future. If a market does develop, it may not be very liquid. The liquidity and the market prices 
for the Covered Bonds can be expected to vary with changes in market and economic conditions, the Issuer’s 
financial condition and prospects and other factors that generally influence the market prices of securities. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
for Covered Bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for 
specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Covered Bonds generally would have a more limited secondary 
market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severaly adverse 
effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. 
Changes in exchange rate could result in a substantial loss 
This Programme allows for Covered Bonds to be issued in a Specified Currency as defined in Condition 6(a) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered 
Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and 
the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange 
controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would 
decrease (1) the Investor's Currency equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (3) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal as measured in the Investor’s Currency.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
WS0101.32901144.1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the information referred to in the cross-
reference list below which is incorporated in, and shall be deemed to form part of, this Base Prospectus (the 
"Documents Incorporated by Reference") and which is included in the documents listed below (refer to links 
below), which have been previously published and filed with the AMF:  
- the free English translation of the "BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH Etats Financiers au 31 décembre 
2020" which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the free English translation of the statutory auditors' report thereon 
(together the "2020 Financial Statements") and the "BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH – Rapport financier 
annuel du conseil d’administration exercice clos le 31 décembre 2020" in French language (the 
"Rapport Financier Annuel 2020"):  
 
in English: 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/210511_sfh_financial_statement_202
0.pdf  
 
in French: https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/210511_-
_sfh_rapport_financier_annuel_-_vfinale.pdf; 
- the free English translation of the "BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH Etats Financiers au 31 décembre 
2019" which contains the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 
December 2019 together with the free English translation of the statutory auditors' report thereon 
(together the "2019 Financial Statements") and the "BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH – Rapport financier 
annuel du conseil d’administration exercice clos le 31 décembre 2019" in French language (the 
"Rapport Financier Annuel 2019"):  
 
in English: 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/200428_sfh_financial_statement_201
9.pdf 
 
in French: https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/200326_-
_sfh_rapport_financier_annuel_2019.pdf; 
- the free English translation of the "Rapport d’audit du commissaire aux comptes sur le tableau des flux 
de tresorerie relatifs à l’exercice 2020 " (the "2020 Statutory Auditor’s Report on The Cash Flow 
Statement") which contains the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2020 (together the "2020 Cash Flow Statements") and the “Rapport d’audit du 
commissaire aux comptes sur le tableau des flux de tresorerie relatifs à l’exercice 2020” in French 
language :  
 
in English: https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_home_loan_-
_rapport_tft_cac_veng_21042021_vf.pdf 
 
in French: 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/210507_bnpp_home_loan_-
_rapport_tft_cac_2020.pdf;  
- the free English translation of the "Rapport d’audit du commissaire aux comptes sur le tableau des flux 
de tresorerie relatifs à l’exercice 2019"  (the "2019 Statutory Auditor’s Report on The Cash Flow 
Statement") which contains the audited cash flow statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2019 (together the "2019 Cash Flow Statements") and the “Rapport d’audit du 
commissaire aux comptes sur le tableau des flux de tresorerie relatifs à l’exercice 2019” in French 
language :  
 
in 
English: 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_home_loan_-
_rapport_tft_cac_2019_eng.pdf

--- Page 40 ---
40 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
in French: 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/200415_bnpp_home_loan_-
_rapport_tft_cac_2019_vsignee.pdf;  
- the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" of the following base prospectuses relating to 
the Programme:  
(i) 
base prospectus dated 11 June 2020 which received visa no. 20-248 from the AMF (the "2020 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnp_hl_sfh_2020_-
_base_prospectus_v._final_with_no._20-248_2.pdf  
(ii) 
base prospectus dated 14 May 2019 which received visa no. 19-202 from the AMF (the "2019 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/190514_bnpp_sfh_-
_base_prospectus_-_v._finale_avec_visa.pdf 
(iii) 
base prospectus dated 28 March 2018 which received visa no. 18-098 from the AMF (the "2018 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_sfh_emtn_2018_-
_base_prospectus_v_finale_visa_18-098.pdf 
(iv) 
base prospectus dated 28 July 2016 which received visa no. 16-360 from the AMF (the "2016 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_sfh_emtn_2016_-
_base_prospectus_-_v._finale_avec_visa.pdf 
(v) 
base prospectus dated 29 June 2015 which received the visa no. 15-0315 from the AMF (the 
"2015 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_sfh_-
_base_prospectus_29_june_2015_visa.pdf 
(vi) 
base prospectus dated 15 July 2014 which received the visa no. 14-0407 from the AMF (the 
"2014 
Covered 
Bonds 
Conditions"): 
https://invest.bnpparibas.com/sites/default/files/documents/bnpp_sfh_-
_base_prospectus_2014_final_-avec_visa-.32572.pdf 
and, together with the 2014 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2015 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2016 
Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2018 Covered Bonds Conditions, the 2019 Covered Bonds Conditions 
and the 2020 Covered Bonds Conditions, the "Covered Bonds Previous Conditions"). 
All Documents Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge on request, 
at the principal office of the Issuer and the Paying Agents set out at the end of this Base Prospectus during 
normal business hours so long as any of the Covered Bonds are outstanding. Such documents will be published 
on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). The 2020 Financial Statements, the Rapport Financier 
Annuel 2020, the 2019 Financial Statements, the Rapport Financier Annuel 2019, the 2020 Cash Flow 
Statements and the 2020 Statutory Auditor's Report on the Cash Flow Statements, the 2019 Cash Flow 
Statements and the 2019 Statutory Auditor's Report on the Cash Flow Statements, are published on the website 
of the Issuer (www.invest.bnpparibas.com - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and on www.info-financiere.fr. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no information or documents available at the Issuer website, other than the 
documents listed above, shall be incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise explicitly incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus in accordance with the list above, the information contained in the website 
of the Issuer shall not be deemed incorporated by reference herein and is for information purposes only. 
Therefore it does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF. 
The information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in connection with the cross-
reference list below. Any information not listed in the cross-reference list but included in the documents listed 
above is either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
WS0101.32901144.1

--- Page 42 ---
42 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Cross-reference list  
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
(Annex VI item 11 of the European Delegated Regulation 
2019/980/EU supplementing the Prospectus Regulation) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING BNP PARIBAS HOME LOAN SFH'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
2019 Financial Statements (in English) 
Income Statement at 31 December 2019 
Page 2 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2019 
Page 3 
Summary of the accounting principles applied by BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH 
Pages 5 to 7 
Notes on the income statement at 31 December 2019 
Pages 8 and 9 
Notes to the Balance Sheet at 31 December 2019 
Pages 10 and 11 
Additional information 
Pages 12 and 13 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 15 to 21 
2019 Financial Statements (in French) 
Income Statement at 31 December 2019 
Page 59 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2019 
Page 60 
Summary of the accounting principles applied by BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH 
Pages 61 to 63 
Notes on the income statement at 31 December 2019 
Pages 64 and 65 
Notes to the Balance Sheet at 31 December 2019 
Pages 66 and 67 
Additional information 
Pages 68 and 69 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 70-73 
2019 Cash Flow Statements (in English) 
2019 Statutory Auditors' Report on The Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 2 and 3 
Cash Flow Statements  
Page 4 
2019 Cash Flow Statements (in French) 
2019 Statutory Auditors' Report on The Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 2 and 3 
Cash Flow Statements  
Page 4 
2020 Financial Statements (in English) 
Income Statement at 31 December 2020 
Page 2 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2020 
Page 3 
Summary of the accounting principles applied by BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH 
Pages 5 to 7 
Notes on the income statement at 31 December 2020 
Pages 8 and 9 
Notes to the Balance Sheet at 31 December 2020 
Pages 10 and 11 
Additional information 
Pages 12 and 13 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 15 to 21

--- Page 43 ---
43 
WS0101.32901144.1 
2020 Financial Report (in French) 
Income Statement at 31 December 2020 
Page 56 
Balance sheet at 31 December 2020 
Page 57  
Summary of the accounting principles applied by BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH 
Pages 58 to 60 
Notes on the income statement at 31 December 2020 
Pages 61 and 62 
Notes to the Balance Sheet at 31 December 2020 
Pages 63 and 64 
Additional information 
Page 65 
Statutory Auditors' Report 
Pages 66 to 69 
2020 Cash Flow Statements (in English) 
2020 Statutory Auditors' Report on The Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 2 and 3 
Cash Flow Statements  
Page 4 
2020 Cash Flow Statements (in French) 
2020 Statutory Auditors' Report on The Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 2 and 3 
Cash Flow Statements  
Page 4

--- Page 44 ---
44 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Covered Bonds Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purpose 
only of further issues of Covered Bonds to be assimilated (assimilables) and form a single series with Covered 
Bonds already issued under the relevant Covered Bonds Previous Conditions. 
Cross-reference list in respect of the Covered Bonds Previous Conditions 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
REFERENCE 
2014 Covered Bonds Conditions (visa no. 14-0407) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 68 to 98 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions (visa no. 15-0315) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 68 to 98 
2016 Covered Bonds Conditions (visa no. 16-0360) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 70 to 99 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions (visa no. 18-098) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 67 to 97 
2019 Covered Bonds Conditions (visa no. 19-202) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 66 to 97 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions (approval no. 20-248) 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
Pages 46 to 77 
 
Non-incorporated parts of the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 15 July 2014, the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 29 June 2015, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 28 July 2016, the base prospectus of the 
Issuer dated 28 March 2018, the base prospectus of the Issuer dated 14 May 2019 and the base prospectus of 
the Issuer dated 11 June 2020 are not relevant for investors.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
WS0101.32901144.1 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In connection with Covered Bonds admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, unless the Issuer does not 
intend to issue Covered Bonds under the Programme for the time being, if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant change affecting any matter contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus, including any modification of the terms and conditions or generally any significant new 
factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to information, included in this Base Prospectus which 
is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds, which inclusion would reasonably be required by 
investors, and would reasonably be expected by them to be found in this Base Prospectus, for the purpose of 
making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects 
of the Issuer and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation for use in connection with any 
subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds, submit such supplement to the Base Prospectus to the AMF for 
approval and supply each Dealer, Euronext Paris and the AMF with such number of copies of such supplement 
to the Base Prospectus as may reasonably be requested. 
In accordance with and pursuant to Article 23.2(a) of the Prospectus Regulation, where the Covered Bonds are 
offered to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase or subscribe for Covered Bonds before any 
supplement is published have the right, exercisable within three working days after the publication of such 
supplement, to withdraw their acceptance provided that the significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the closing of the 
offer period or the delivery of the Covered Bonds, whichever occurs first. The period may be extended by the 
Issuer. The final date of the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. On 30 June 2022, this Base 
Prospectus, as supplemented (as the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer 
apply.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
WS0101.32901144.1 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include German Law 
Covered Bonds and French Law Covered Bonds, in the following section. 
The net proceeds of the issue of Covered Bonds will be used to fund the Borrower Advances that the Issuer (as 
Lender) will make available to BNP Paribas (as Borrower) under the Borrower Facility Agreement. Such net 
proceeds may also fund the purchase by the Issuer in the future of eligible assets other than the Borrower 
Advances and the Home Loan receivables provided that such assets are eligible to the Issuer pursuant to the 
SFH Legal Framework.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
WS0101.32901144.1 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") that as completed in accordance with 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms shall be applicable to the French Law Covered Bonds. The terms 
and conditions applicable to the German Law Covered Bonds are contained in the Agency Agreement (as 
defined below). 
In this section, "Covered Bonds" refers only to French Law Covered Bonds, except as otherwise provided. In 
the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the text of the terms and conditions will not be attached to any 
physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bond.  
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement, or defined or used in the applicable Final Terms 
shall have the same meanings where used in these Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless 
otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement, and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. References in the Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to 
the Covered Bonds of one (1) Series only, not to all Covered Bonds that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Covered Bonds are issued by BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH (the "Issuer"), on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in series (each a "Series") having one (1) or more issue dates and on terms otherwise 
identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the Covered Bonds of each Series being intended 
to be interchangeable with all other Covered Bonds of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each 
a "Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (including, without 
limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable 
thereunder) will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set 
out in the final terms of such Tranche (the "Final Terms") in accordance with the applicable Conditions. 
The Covered Bonds are issued with the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or 
before the date of this Base Prospectus (the "Agency Agreement" governed by French law) entered into 
between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent, principal paying agent and calculation 
agent with respect to French Law Covered Bonds (the "French Fiscal Agent") and the other agents named 
therein. The paying agents, the registration agent and the calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are 
referred to below respectively as the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the 
"Registration Agent" and the "Calculation Agent(s)".  
The Bondholders (as defined below) and, where applicable, the holders of the interest coupons (the 
"Coupons") relating to interest bearing Covered Bonds and, where applicable in the case of such Covered 
Bonds, talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons are referred to below as the "Couponholders" and are 
deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, Deed of Covenant and the applicable 
Final Terms which are applicable to them.  
Copies of the applicable Final Terms may be obtained, upon request, free of charge, from the registered office 
of the Issuer and the specified offices of the Paying Agents save that, if this Covered Bond is neither admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area 
or the United Kingdom in circumstances where a Base Prospectus is required to be published under Regulation 
2017/1129/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Bondholder holding one or 
more Covered Bonds and such Bondholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and/or the Paying 
Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity. 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs 
below. 
For the purposes of the Terms and Conditions, "Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being governed by French law.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
WS0101.32901144.1 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
"Base Prospectus" means the Base Prospectus, dated 30 June 2021 of the Issuer, in the form in which it is on 
file with the Autorité des marchés financiers in France and granted approval no. 21-265 on 30 June 2021 and 
any documents incorporated to it by reference and any supplements to it. 
"Bondholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Covered Bond" means:  
(a) 
in the case of French Law Covered Bonds (i) if Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the individual or entity 
whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the Registration Agent 
(as the case may be) as being entitled to such Covered Bonds, (ii) if Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond and the Coupons or Talons relating to it 
and (iii) if Materialised Covered Bonds in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as the holder of 
such Covered Bonds or of a particular nominal amount of interests in such Covered Bonds, in 
accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and with the applicable rules and procedures of any 
relevant clearing institution, including, without limitation, Euroclear France, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
as appropriate; and 
(b) 
in the case of German Law Covered Bonds the registered holder of a German Law Covered Bond.  
"Borrower Debt" means the Borrower's indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the Borrower 
Facility. 
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"German Law Covered Bonds" means covered bonds which are governed by German law the terms and 
conditions of which are contained in the Agency Agreement. 
"Group" means BNP Paribas and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
"Issuer Enforcement Notice" in respect of the French law Covered Bonds has the meaning given in Condition 
10. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(a) 
at any relevant time following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in the section 
"The main Programme Documents – The Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base Prospectus), a 
Breach of Amortisation Test (as defined in section "Asset Monitoring" of the Base Prospectus) occurs; 
or 
(b) 
the Issuer is in default in the payment of principal of, or interest on, any Covered Bond (including the 
payment of any additional amounts mentioned in Condition 9) when due and payable, unless such 
default has arisen by reason of technical default or error and payment is made within three (3) Business 
Days of the due date thereof; or 
(c) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance or observance of any of its other material obligations under 
any Covered Bond and such default has not been cured within thirty (30) calendar days after the receipt 
by the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer, and, when applicable, the Specific Controller) of the 
written notice of such default by (i) in the case of any French Law Covered Bonds, the Representative, 
and (ii) in the case of German Law Covered Bonds, a Bondholder, requiring such default to be remedied 
and indicating that this provision may be invoked if it is not so remedied; or 
(d) 
any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer (including any Covered Bonds of any other Series 
(including German Law Covered Bonds)) becomes or becomes capable of being declared due and 
payable prior to its stated maturity as a result of a default thereunder, or any such indebtedness is not 
paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period (a "Covered Bonds 
Cross Acceleration Event"); or 
(e) 
the license of the Issuer as a société de financement de l'habitat is withdrawn.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
WS0101.32901144.1 
"Majority Bondholders" means:  
(a) 
in relation to any Series of French Law Covered Bonds, a decision of the General Meeting or a 
consultation by the approval of a Written Resolution (each, as defined in Condition 12 of the Terms and 
Conditions) of such Series taken in accordance with Condition 12(ii)(d) of the Terms and Conditions; 
and  
(b) 
in relation to any Series of German Law Covered Bonds, an approval of one or more German law 
Bondholders holding at least two-thirds (2/3) of the then outstanding principal amount of such German 
Law Covered Bonds. 
"Outstanding" means, in relation to Covered Bonds of any Series (including German Law Covered Bonds), all 
the Covered Bonds issued other than (a) those that have been redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, 
(b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all 
interest accrued on such Covered Bonds to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such 
date) have been duly paid as provided in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions, (c) those which have 
become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased and 
cancelled or held by the Issuer, for so long as such Covered Bonds are held by the Issuer, as provided in these 
Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds (as applicable) have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the 
extent that it shall have been exchanged for one (1) or more Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, as 
applicable, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Programme Date" means the date of the Base Prospectus applicable to the Programme. 
"Programme Documents" means: 
(a) 
the Shareholder Letter of Undertaking (as defined in the section "the Issuer" – "Issuer Share capital, 
Subordinated Loan and Super Subordinated Bonds Issue and Issuer Majority Shareholder's 
undertakings" of the Base Prospectus); 
(b) 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined in the section "The Issuer" – "Issuer Share Capital, 
Subordinated Loan and Super Subordinated Bonds Issue and Issuer Majority Shareholder's 
undertakings" of the Base Prospectus); 
(c) 
the Super Subordinated Bonds Subscription Agreement (as defined in the section "The Issuer" – "Issuer 
Share Capital, Subordinated Loan and Super Subordinated Bonds Issue and Issuer Majority 
Shareholder's undertakings" of the Base Prospectus); 
(d) 
the Administrative Agreement (as defined in the section "the Issuer" – "The Administrative Agreement" 
of the Base Prospectus); 
(e) 
the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens, as amended from time to time (as 
defined in the section "the Issuer" – "Issuer Risk Management" of the Base Prospectus); 
(f) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement (as defined in the section "The main Programme Documents - The 
Issuer Accounts Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(g) 
the Terms and Conditions; 
(h) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(i) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(j) 
the Dealer Agreement dated on or before the Programme Date as amended and restated from time to 
time between the Issuer and the Dealer named therein and relating to the Covered Bonds;

--- Page 50 ---
50 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(k) 
the Borrower Facility Agreement (as defined in the section "The main Programme Documents – The 
Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(l) 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement (as defined in the section "The main Programme 
Documents – The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(m) 
the Cash Collateral Agreement (as defined in the section "The main Programme Documents – The Cash 
Collateral Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(n) 
the Affiliate Facility Agreement(s) (if any) (as defined in the section "The main Programme Documents 
– The Affiliate Facility Agreements" of the Base Prospectus); 
(o) 
the Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement(s) (if any) (as defined in the section "The main Programme 
Documents – The Affiliate Collateral Security Agreements" of the Base Prospectus); 
(p) 
the Calculation Services Agreement (as defined in the section "The main Programme Documents – The 
Calculation Services Agreement" of the Base Prospectus); 
(q) 
the Master Definitions and Construction Agreement, as amended from time to time, provided for the 
definitions of defined terms used under some other Programme Documents; and 
(r) 
as the case may be, any Hedging Agreement(s), if any (see section "Risk Factors - Risk relating to the 
operations of the Issuer - Interest and currency risks"). 
"Rating Affirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment and except as 
otherwise specified herein and/or in any Programme Documents, notification by the Issuer (or the relevant 
Representative) to the relevant Rating Agencies, for so long as any Covered Bonds are rated by them, of such 
specified action, determination or appointment which does not result in the downgrading, or withdrawal, of the 
ratings then assigned to the Covered Bonds. 
"Rating Agency" means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch 
Ratings") or any other rating agency of equivalent standing or any successor thereto. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market within the meaning of Directive 2004/39/EC of the European 
Parliament and of the Council within the EEA. 
"Representative Consent" means, with respect to any specified action, determination or appointment, receipt 
by the Issuer of:  
(a) 
in relation to any Series of French Law Covered Bonds, written confirmation of consent of the 
Representative (acting upon instructions of the Majority Bondholders of the relevant Series of 
Outstanding French Law Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them); and 
(b) 
in relation to any Series of German Law Covered Bonds, written confirmation of consent of two thirds 
(2/3) of the holders of each Series of Outstanding German Law Covered Bonds, as described in the 
Agency Agreement,  
in each case to such proposed action, determination or appointment.  
2. 
FORM, DENOMINATION, TITLE AND REDENOMINATION 
(a) 
Form 
Covered Bonds may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Covered Bonds") or in 
materialised form ("Materialised Covered Bonds"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) by book entries 
(inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs pursuant

--- Page 51 ---
51 
WS0101.32901144.1 
to Article R. 211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) will 
be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Covered Bonds. 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au 
porteur), which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) 
which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in 
such latter case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant holder of 
Covered Bonds or in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by 
the Issuer or a registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer (the "Registration Agent"). 
Unless this possibility is expressly excluded in the relevant Final Terms and to the extent permitted 
by applicable law, the Issuer may at any time request from the central depositary identification 
information of holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) such as the 
name or the company name, nationality, date of birth or year of incorporation and mail address or, as 
the case may be, email address of such holders as well as the quantity of Covered Bonds held by 
each of them and any restrictions applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and 
includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream "). 
(ii) 
Materialised Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form only. Materialised Covered Bonds in 
definitive form ("Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds") will be serially numbered and are 
issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, a Talon) attached.  
In accordance with Articles L. 211-3 et seq. and R. 211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as Covered Bonds constituting 
obligations under French law) in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued 
outside the French territory. 
The Covered Bonds may be "Fixed Rate Covered Bonds", "Floating Rate Covered Bonds", 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds", "Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds" or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the relevant Final Terms 
in accordance with the applicable Conditions.  
(b) 
Denomination 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Specified Denomination(s)"). 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds will be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only.  
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Covered Bonds may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and 
transfer of such Covered Bonds may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the 
accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, including, where appropriate, Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Covered Bond, 
Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or 
not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft 
or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(d) 
Redenomination 
The Issuer may (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), on any date, without the consent of the holder of 
any Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon, by giving at least thirty (30) calendar days' notice in accordance with 
Condition 17 and on or after the date on which the European Member State in whose national currency the 
Covered Bonds are denominated has become a participating Member State in the single currency of the 
European Economic and Monetary Union (as provided in the Treaty establishing the European Community 
(the "EC"), as amended from time to time (the "Treaty")) or events have occurred which have substantially the 
same effects (in either case, "EMU"), redenominate all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds of any Series 
into Euro and adjust the aggregate principal amount and the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms accordingly. 
3. 
CONVERSIONS OF COVERED BONDS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) or in administered registered form, (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option 
of the holder of such Covered Bonds, be converted into Covered Bonds in administered registered 
form (au nominatif administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall 
be made in accordance with Article R. 211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Covered Bonds 
Materialised Covered Bonds of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised 
Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
4. 
STATUS 
Subject to the Priority Payment Orders, the principal and interest of the Covered Bonds, and, where applicable, 
any related Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 
5(b), privileged obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and equally and rateably with all other present and future obligations of the Issuer (including the 
French and German Law Covered Bonds of all other Series) and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting 
from the Privilège described in Condition 5. 
5. 
COVENANTS 
So long as any of the Covered Bonds or, if applicable, any Coupons relating to them, is Outstanding:  
(a) 
Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) 
The principal and interest of the Covered Bonds will benefit from the privilège (statutory priority in right of 
payment) created by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (the "Privilège"). 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Book VI of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de Commerce)), pursuant to Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Financial Code and forward financial instruments referred to in Article L. 513-10 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in each case after any applicable set-
off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions, shall 
be allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of obligations de financement de 
l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting 
from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) and judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), the amounts due by the Issuer from time 
to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) or any other 
resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and 
in priority to all other Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting 
from agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the 
Privilège have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets 
and rights of the Issuer; 
(iii) 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de 
financement de l'habitat and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
(b) 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer undertakes not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar transaction without prior 
Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation. 
(c) 
Separateness covenants 
The Issuer undertakes (except as permitted under the Programme Documents): 
(i) 
to maintain books and records separate from any other person or entity; 
(ii) 
to maintain its accounts separate from those of any other person or entity; 
(iii) 
not to commingle assets with those of any other entity; 
(iv) 
to conduct its own business in its own name; 
(v) 
to maintain separate financial statements; 
(vi) 
to pay its own liabilities out of its own funds; 
(vii) 
to observe all corporate, partnership, or other formalities required by its constituting documents; 
(viii) 
not to guarantee or to become obligated for the debts of any other entity or to hold out its credit as 
being available to satisfy the obligations of others;  
(ix) 
not to acquire capital shares of its partners or shareholders; 
(x) 
to use its own separate stationery, invoices and cheques; 
(xi) 
to hold itself out as a separate entity; 
(xii) 
not to have any employees; 
(xiii) 
not to voluntarily wind up; and  
(xiv) 
to correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(d) 
Amortisation Test 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the 
Amortisation Test. For the purposes hereof, the terms of section "Asset Monitoring" of this Base Prospectus 
are incorporated by reference in this Condition 5 (f). 
(e) 
Programme Documents 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, the Issuer 
undertakes that any amendment, modification, alteration or supplement to any Programme Document to which 
it is a party shall be made with prior Rating Affirmation if the same materially and adversely affects the 
interest of the Issuer or the Bondholders but without the prior consent or sanction of the Bondholders. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may amend, modify, alter or supplement any Programme Document to 
which it is a party without prior Rating Affirmation and without the prior consent or sanction of the 
Bondholders: 
(i) 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency; 
(ii) 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to any Programme Document to which it is a party to 
any successor; 
(iii) 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under any 
Programme Document to which it is a party; or 
(iv) 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations. 
In addition, the Issuer undertakes that: 
(i) 
each Programme Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will include limited 
recourse language pursuant to which the creditors of the Issuer (including the Bondholders) will 
agree that their recourse will be limited to the funds that are available to the Issuer at any relevant 
date; and 
(ii) 
each Programme Document to which the Issuer is or will become a party will also include non-
petition language, whereby the creditors of the Issuer (including the Bondholders) will agree not to 
commence or to join any proceedings for the insolvency of the Issuer prior to the end of an eighteen 
(18) month period after all Covered Bonds have been paid and discharged in full. 
German Law Covered Bonds (a) are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions specified in the terms 
and conditions of the German Law Covered Bonds the form of which is included in the Agency Agreement 
and (b) are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
(f) 
Notification of Issuer Events of Default 
In respect of any Series, the Issuer undertakes to promptly inform the Rating Agencies, the Representative and 
the Administrator of the occurrence of any Issuer Event of Default and, upon receipt of a written request from 
the Rating Agencies, the Representative or the Administrator, the Issuer will confirm to the Rating Agencies, 
the Representative and the Administrator that, save as previously notified to the Rating Agencies, the 
Representative and the Administrator or as notified in such confirmation, no Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred or is continuing.  
(g) 
No further Issuance 
The Issuer undertakes not to issue any further Covered Bonds (including German Law Covered Bonds) under 
the Programme: 
(i) 
as from the date a Borrower Enforcement Notice (as defined in section "The main Programme 
Documents – The Borrower Facility Agreement" of the Base Prospectus) has been served, except

--- Page 55 ---
55 
WS0101.32901144.1 
for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with 
Condition 19; 
(ii) 
as from the date an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served; 
(iii) 
for so long as a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test (as defined in the section "Asset 
Monitoring" of the Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19; 
(iv) 
for so long as a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test (as defined in the section "Asset 
Monitoring" of the Base Prospectus) has occurred and is not remedied, except for the purposes of 
subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19; or 
(v) 
for so long as, regarding the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined in the section "Asset Monitoring - The 
Pre-Maturity Test" of the Base Prospectus), a Cash Collateral Funding Notice (as defined in the 
section "Asset Monitoring - Pre-Maturity Test" of the Base Prospectus) has been delivered and 
the required Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount (CCRFA) has not been funded within the 
required time frame, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held Covered 
Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
6. 
INTEREST AND OTHER CALCULATIONS 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the meanings 
set out below: 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms which shall be either EURIBOR, 
EONIA, CMS, or TEC, or any other reference rate that might replace them as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms."Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system (TARGET2) or any successor thereto (the "TARGET System") 
is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one (1) or more additional business centre(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such currency in the 
Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each of the Business Centres so 
specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered Bond for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/365-FBF" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three 
hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms:

--- Page 56 ---
56 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period 
and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date and  
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date. 
(iii) 
if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is the 
actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty-five (365) (or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in 
the first paragraph of this definition. 
(iv) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed) " is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(v) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360). 
(vi) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360) calculated on a formula basis as 
follows:  
Day Count Fraction = 1
360  × [[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+ [30 × (M2-M1)]+ (D2-D1)] 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
WS0101.32901144.1 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 greater than 29, in which case D2 will 
be 30. 
(vii) 
if "30/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of 
days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to the following exception: where the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the first day is neither the thirtieth (30th) nor the 
thirty-first (31st), the last month of the Calculation Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-
one (31) days. 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1  (30,31) 
then : 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
or 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)] 
(viii) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360) calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 1
360  × [[360 × (Y2 - Y1)]+ [30 × (M2-M1)]+ (D2-D1)] 
where:  
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(ix) 
if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the 
fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of 
days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months of 
thirty (30) days, subject to the following the exception: if the last day of the Calculation Period is the 
last day of the month of February, the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days. 
Where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period

--- Page 58 ---
58 
WS0101.32901144.1 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
The fraction is : 
1
360  × [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)] 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination Date, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the Interest 
Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates. 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of member states of the EU that have adopted or adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended from time to time. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to the transactions 
on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs Techniques) as 
published by the Fédération Bancaire Française, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date 
(together, the "2013 FBF Master Agreement"). Investors should consult the Issuer should they require a copy 
of the FBF Definitions. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 
means the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the issue date or such other date as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the date 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two (2) TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Euro or (ii) the 
first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the day falling two (2) 
Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and ending 
on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and including) an 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date or any other date as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
that is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four (4) 
major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or 
over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if 
EURIBOR or EONIA is the relevant Benchmark, shall be the Euro Zone). 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect of it 
first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds if earlier the 
date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised Covered Bonds

--- Page 59 ---
59 
WS0101.32901144.1 
that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Covered Bond or Coupon being made in accordance with the 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation). 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be specified as such 
in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which the relevant Benchmark 
is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR or EONIA, shall be the Euro-Zone) or, if none is so 
connected, Paris. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a period (if 
applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on the Effective 
Date. 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the 
Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this purpose "local time" 
means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-Zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time). 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the time. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, 
the currency in which the Covered Bonds are denominated. 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a Screen 
Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if 
none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any adjustment 
pursuant to Condition 6(c)(ii). 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such 
interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken Amount") is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date will 
amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified and in the case of the 
Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to an Interest Payment 
Date and (x) if there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment 
Date should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(iii) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. 
Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless 
it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the 
last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to 
adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar 
month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the applicable Final 
Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, 
the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business 
Day Convention. 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in accordance with the provisions below relating to either FBF Determination 
or Screen Rate Determination, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
FBF Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (A), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Agent under a notional interest rate swap transaction 
(Echange) in the relevant Specified Currency governed by the 2013 FBF Master Agreement 
(convention cadre FBF) relating to transactions on forward financial instruments (formerly 
1994 AFB Master Agreement for Foreign Exchange and Derivatives Transactions), as 
supplemented by the then applicable Interest and Currency incorporating the FBF Definitions 
and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
(2) 
the Floating Rate Determination Date is as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where any Floating Rate is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by 
linear interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by 
reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, one of which shall be determined 
as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity were the period of time (for which rates are available) next longer than the length of 
the relevant Interest Period.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
WS0101.32901144.1 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Agent" and "Floating Rate 
Determination Date" are translations of the French terms "Taux Variable", "Agent" and 
"Date de Détermination du Taux Variable", respectively, which have the meanings given to 
those terms in the FBF Definitions. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum 
Rate of Interest" shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance with the 
following: 
(1) 
if the Primary Source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided below, the Rate 
of Interest shall be: 
(I) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page is a composite 
quotation or is customarily supplied by one (1) entity); or  
(II) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons whose Relevant Rates 
appear on that Page, in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, 
plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
and 
(2) 
if the Primary Source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if sub-paragraph 
(1)(I) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date or if sub-paragraph (1)(II) applies and fewer than two (2) 
Relevant Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of 
the Relevant Rates that each of the Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), and 
(3) 
if paragraph (2) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two (2) Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, subject as provided below, 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) that the Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount of the Specified 
Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) leading banks selected by the Calculation 
Agent in the principal financial centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if 
the Specified Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation Agent 
(the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about the Relevant Time on the 
date on which such banks would customarily quote such rates for a period 
commencing on the Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration 
(I) to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the Calculation Agent 
determines that fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in 
Europe) (II) to leading banks carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; 
except that, if fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined 
on the previous Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference 
between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period).

--- Page 62 ---
62 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(C) 
Fallback provisions 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, notwithstanding Condition 6(c)(iii)(B)(3) 
above, if the Calculation Agent, determines at any time prior to any Interest Determination 
Date, that the screen rate that constitutes the Relevant Rate has been discontinued, the 
Calculation Agent, will use, as a substitute for the screen rate that constitutes the Relevant 
Rate, an alternative reference rate determined by the Calculation Agent, to be the alternative 
reference rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar 
institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the 
Specified Currency that is consistent with industry accepted standards, provided that, if the 
Calculation Agent is unable to determine such an alternative reference rate and has notified 
the Issuer thereof, the Calculation Agent will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any 
event before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) appoint an 
agent (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent"), which will determine whether a 
substitute or successor rate, which is substantially comparable to the screen rate that 
constituted the Relevant Rate, is available for the purpose of determining the Relevant Rate 
on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after the date of such determination. If the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry accepted successor 
rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer and the Calculation Agent, 
of such successor rate to be used by the Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this provision 6(c)(iii)(C) if there are more than one successor or 
alternative rates which are determined as industry accepted successor rates by the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will determine, among 
those successor or alternative rates, the one which is the most appropriate, taking into 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Covered Bonds and 
the nature of the Issuer. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, has 
determined a substitute or successor rate in accordance with the foregoing paragraph (such 
rate, the "Replacement Relevant Rate"), for the purpose of determining the Relevant Rate 
on each Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination:  
(i) 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will 
also determine the changes (if any) required to the applicable Business Day 
Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day 
Count Fraction, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Reference Rate, 
including any adjustment needed to make such Replacement Reference Rate 
comparable to the screen rate that constituted the Relevant Rate, in each case acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner that is consistent with industry-
accepted practices for such Replacement Relevant Rate;  
(ii) 
references to the Relevant Rate in these Conditions will be deemed to be references to 
the relevant Replacement Relevant Rate, including any alternative method for 
determining such rate as described in (i) above;  
(iii) 
the Relevant Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, if applicable,will 
notify the Issuer of the Replacement Relevant Rate and the details described in (i) 
above, as soon as reasonably practicable; and  
(iv) 
the Issuer will give notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 of the 
Replacement Relevant Rate and of the details described in (i) above as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) on the 
Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date.  
The determination of the Replacement Relevant Rate and the other matters referred to above 
by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the 
Bondholders, unless the Relevant Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, determines at a later date that the Replacement Relevant Rate is no longer

--- Page 63 ---
63 
WS0101.32901144.1 
substantially comparable to the Relevant Rate or does not constitute an industry accepted 
successor rate, in which case the Calculation Agent shall appoint or re-appoint a Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the original Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent or the Calculation Agent) for the purpose of confirming the 
Replacement Relevant Rate or determining a substitute Replacement Relevant Rate in an 
identical manner as described in this paragraph (C). If the Relevant Rate Determination 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, is unable to or otherwise does not determine a 
substitute Replacement Relevant Rate, then the Replacement Relevant Rate will remain 
unchanged. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Calculation Agent and such 
agent determines that the screen rate that constitutes the Relevant Rate has been discontinued 
but for any reason a Replacement Relevant Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may 
decide that no Replacement Relevant Rate or any other successor, replacement or alternative 
benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Relevant Rate for the relevant Intrest 
Period in such case will be equal to the last Relevant Rate available on the Relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
The Relevant Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank, broker-dealer or 
benchmark agent in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency as appointed by 
the Calculation Agent; (ii) the Calculation Agent; or (iii) such other entity that the Issuer in 
its sole and absolute discretion determines to be competent to carry out such role. 
Where any Benchmark is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of an Interest Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates 
based on the Relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of 
time (for which rates are available) next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period, and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time (for which rates are 
available) next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
Unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum 
Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. For the avoidance of doubt, "Minimum Rate of Interest" 
shall refer to the relevant rate plus any relevant margin. 
(d) 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds for which a change of interest basis (the "Change of 
Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Switch Date") from a 
Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. The Issuer election to change 
of interest basis (the "Issuer Change of Interest Basis") should be deemed effective after a valid 
notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Bondholders within the period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
will automatically change from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed 
Rate on the date set out in the Final Terms (the "Automatic Change of Interest Basis"). 
(e) 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds bear interest at a Fixed Rate (as determined in Condition 6(b) (Interest 
on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds) minus a Floating Rate (as determined in Condition 6(c) (Interest on Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds), as specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Covered Bond on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as 
well after as before judgement) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 6 to the 
Relevant Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest and Redemption Amounts and 
Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one 
(1) or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the 
case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting (if a negative 
number) the absolute value of such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest or Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or 
minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified in these Conditions), (w) if FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all 
percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) all percentages resulting from 
such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being 
rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven (7) figures (with halves being rounded up) and 
(z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to 
the nearest yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is 
available as legal tender in the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Covered Bond for any period shall be calculated by 
multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Covered Bond by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect of 
such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Covered Bond for such period 
shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such 
Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final 
Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Optional Redemption Amounts  
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to 
calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such 
rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Covered Bonds for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, or 
Optional Redemption Amount, obtain such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case 
may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Bondholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Covered Bonds that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading 
on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated Market as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated Market of a Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day after such determination.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 
6(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks 
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four (4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may 
be required) with offices in the Relevant Financial Centre and one (1) or more Calculation Agents if provision 
is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Covered Bond is Outstanding. If any 
Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a Reference 
Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant Financial Centre to 
act as such in its place. Where more than one (1) Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under the Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or 
Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall 
appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, 
swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office, or any other office 
actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties 
without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
7. 
REDEMPTION, PURCHASE AND OPTIONS 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended in 
accordance with the paragraph below, each Covered Bond shall be finally redeemed on the Final Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which is its nominal amount). 
Covered Bonds may have hard bullet maturities or soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series to be extended, each such Covered Bonds being referred to as "Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds"), as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant Series. With respect to Series of Soft Bullet Covered 
Bonds, an extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extended Final Maturity Date") shall be specified as applying 
in relation to such Series in the applicable Final Terms. This means that if the Final Redemption Amount of the 
relevant Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date, then payment of such Final Redemption 
Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable one (1) or several year(s) (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) later on the Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the 
Issuer on any Specified Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Final 
Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the 
relevant applicable Rate of Interest and be payable on each Specified Interest Payment Date and on the 
Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms and in accordance with the applicable 
Conditions.  
(b) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer and Partial Redemption 
(i) 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by 
the Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) 
nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice or any other notice period, as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in accordance with Condition 17 to the Bondholders redeem 
all or, if so provided, some, of the Covered Bonds on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Covered Bonds shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest 
accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Covered Bonds 
of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as

--- Page 66 ---
66 
WS0101.32901144.1 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be 
redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Covered Bonds in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date 
specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds, the notice to holders of 
such Materialised Covered Bonds shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, 
subject to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the redemption shall 
be effected by reducing the nominal amount of such Dematerialised Covered Bonds in a Series in 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount redeemed, subject to compliance with any other 
applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
(ii) 
So long as the Covered Bonds are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and the rules 
thereof so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption of 
the Covered Bonds, cause to be published either on the website of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
or in a leading financial newspaper of general circulation in France, which is expected to be Les 
Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding and, in the 
case of Materialised Covered Bonds a list of any Materialised Covered Bonds, drawn for redemption 
but not surrendered. 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of Bondholders  
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Bondholder, upon 
the Bondholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice or any other 
notice period, as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, to the Issuer redeem such Covered Bond on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the Bondholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly 
completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business hours 
from any Paying Agent within the notice period. In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, the Exercise 
Notice shall have attached to it the relevant Covered Bonds (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
unexchanged Talons). In the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, the Bondholder shall transfer, or cause to 
be transferred, the Dematerialised Covered Bonds to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a 
specified office in Paris, as specified in the Exercise Notice.  
No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Covered Bond so deposited or transferred, may be withdrawn 
without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Early Redemption Amount and Optional Redemption Amount 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond, upon redemption of such 
Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7(e) or 7(f) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided 
in Condition 10 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. 
(ii) 
The Optional Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Covered Bond, upon redemption of 
such Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 7(b) or 7(c) will be determined on the following basis: 
"Optional Redemption Amount" = Y × Specified Denomination  
Where: 
"Y" means the ratio expressed as a percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(e) 
Redemption for taxation reasons 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or interpretation 
of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, the Issuer would on the occasion of the next 
payment of principal or interest due in respect of the Covered Bonds, not be able to make such 
payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified under Condition 9(b) below, the 
Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice to the Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), in accordance with 
Condition 17, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered Bonds at their Early Redemption 
Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption provided that the due date 
for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given shall be no earlier than the latest practicable 
date on which the Issuer could make payment of principal and interest without withholding for 
French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would, on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds, be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the Bondholders or, if applicable, Couponholders 
of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay additional amounts 
contained in Condition 9(b) below, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such fact to the 
Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar days' prior notice to 
the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17, redeem all, but not some only, of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the 
date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, provided 
that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for redemption pursuant to 
such notice of Bondholders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date on which the Issuer 
could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
(ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid or (B) if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for redemption of 
which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which the Issuer could 
make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, or, if applicable, 
Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(f) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer of all the relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not 
less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 17 
to the Bondholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), if the Issuer 
satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next 
Interest Payment Date of any Covered Bonds of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make, fund or 
allow to remain outstanding any Collateral Assets made by it to an Originator or to comply with any other of 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds of that Series, as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest 
Payment Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two (2) members of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of 
the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Fiscal 
Agent shall be entitled to accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions 
precedent set out above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Bondholders and 
Couponholders. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(f) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 7(d) above together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(g) 
Purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Covered Bonds (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Covered Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are attached 
thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at any price. 
Covered Bonds so purchased by the Issuer may be either (i) held and resold or (ii) cancelled, all in accordance 
with applicable laws and regulations. 
(h) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer to be cancelled, will be cancelled, in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures of 
Euroclear France, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global 
Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds in question, together with all unmatured Coupons and 
all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent and, in each case, if so transferred or surrendered, 
shall, together with all Covered Bonds redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled or annotated forthwith, as the case 
maybe (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, all rights relating to payment of interest 
and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Covered Bonds, in the case of Bearer Materialised Covered 
Bonds, all unmatured Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith). Any 
Covered Bonds so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Covered Bonds shall be discharged. 
8. 
PAYMENTS AND TALONS 
(a) 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Covered Bonds shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by 
transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Bondholders and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Bondholder. All payments validly 
made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of such payments. 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds  
(i) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may 
be credited or transferred maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a cheque in 
such Specified Currency drawn on, a Bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the Euro-Zone, 
and, if the Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney or 
Auckland, respectively). 
(ii) 
Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph (i) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Covered Bonds, 
and payments of interest in respect of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment of any sum due, annotation) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent outside the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other 
areas subject to its jurisdiction)).

--- Page 69 ---
69 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons 
falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing 
unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the 
amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the 
expiry of ten (10) years after the Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such 
Coupon would otherwise have become void under Condition 11) or, if later, five (5) years from the 
date on which such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Final 
Maturity Date (or its Extended Final Maturity Date, if any), all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Covered Bond in definitive form becomes due and 
repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall 
become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in 
respect thereof. 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Covered Bond is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Covered Bond from (and including) the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be 
payable only against presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bond, as relevant. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Covered Bonds are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments 
in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the 
United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the 
amounts on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts 
at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on 
payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without 
involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable tax or other laws, regulations and directives but 
without prejudice to Condition 9 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Bondholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registration Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by 
the Issuer and their respective specified offices are set forth in the Agency Agreement. The Fiscal Agent, the 
Paying Agents, and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Calculation Agent(s) act(s) 
as independent experts(s) and, in each case, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for any 
Bondholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of 
the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent, Registration Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint other Fiscal 
Agent, Paying Agent(s), Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s) or additional Paying Agent(s), 
Registration Agent(s) or Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal 
Agent, (ii) one (1) or more Calculation Agent(s) where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having 
specified offices in at least two (2) major European cities (and ensuring the financial services of the Covered 
Bonds in France so long as the Covered Bonds are listed and traded on Euronext Paris and, so long as the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA, such other city where the 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in fully registered 
form, a Registration Agent and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other Regulated 
Market on which the Covered Bonds may be admitted to trading.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any Materialised 
Covered Bonds denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (d) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 17. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in respect of 
any Materialised Covered Bond, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another Talon for 
a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to Condition 11). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon is not a Business Day, the holder shall not 
be entitled to payment until the next following Business Day or to any interest or other sum in respect of such 
postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) 
in the case of Dematerialised Covered Bonds, on which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case 
of all other Covered Bonds, on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant 
place of presentation, (B) in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant 
Final Terms and (C) (i) in the case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made 
by transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
currency or (ii) in the case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 8, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
9. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Tax Exemption for Covered Bonds constituting obligations or debt instruments (titres de 
créances) assimilated thereto for French tax purposes 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon 
be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer 
will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Bondholders or, if applicable, the Couponholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had 
no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Covered Bond or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Bondholder or Couponholder who is liable to 
such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than 
the mere holding of the Covered Bond or Coupon; or

--- Page 71 ---
71 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(ii) 
More than thirty (30) days after the Relevant Date: in the case of Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds, more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the 
Bondholder or Couponholder would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting it 
(or the Certificate representing it, as applicable) for payment on the thirtieth (30th) such day. 
References in these Conditions to (A) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium payable in respect 
of the Covered Bonds, all Final Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption 
Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
Condition 7 or any amendment or supplement to it, (B) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or supplement to it and (C) 
"principal" and/or "interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under 
this Condition. 
(c) 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify an investor for any FATCA withholding deducted or withheld by the Issuer, any 
paying agent or any other party. 
10. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Subject to the legal framework applicable to an SFH, if an Issuer Event of Default occurs in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds, the Representative (i) may, at its discretion, or (ii) shall, if so directed by the 
Majority Bondholders or if such Issuer Event of Default is a Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event, upon 
written notice (an "Issuer Enforcement Notice") to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer (with copy to the 
Administrator and to the Rating Agencies) given before all defaults have been cured, cause the principal 
amount of all Covered Bonds of such Series to become due and payable (but subject to the relevant Priority 
Payment Order), together with any accrued interest thereon, as of the date on which such notice for payment is 
received by the Fiscal Agent. 
11. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Covered Bonds and Coupons 
(which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
(10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date 
in respect of them. 
12. 
REPRESENTATION OF BONDHOLDERS  
The Bondholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as supplemented by this Condition 12. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the "Representative") 
and in part through collective decisions of the Bondholders (the "Collective Decisions").  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Bondholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions and 
benefits which may accrue with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
(b) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent Tranche of any 
given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the Representative, 
such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. Another Representative may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the Representative 
and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
Subject to the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of the first 
Tranche of the first Series of Covered Bonds is expected to be: 
MCM AVOCAT 
10 rue de Sèze 
75009, Paris 
France 
represented by Mr Antoine LACHENAUD, Partner at MCM Avocat law firm.  
The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Covered Bonds will be the 
Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series. The Representative appointed in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds will be the Representative in respect of the first Tranche of the first 
Series of Covered Bonds. The alternative representative is expected to be Mr Philippe MAISONNEUVE, 
Partner at MCM Avocat law firm, 10 rue de Sèze, 75009 Paris, France. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to take all 
acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Bondholders, with the capacity to 
delegate its powers.  
All legal proceedings against the Bondholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative except that, should safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation 
(redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) proceedings be commenced against the 
Issuer, the Specific Controller would file the proof of debt of all creditors (including the holders of the Covered 
Bonds) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to paragraph 1 of Article L. 513-24 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code. 
(d) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or by the approval of a 
written resolution (the "Written Resolution").  
In accordance with Article R. 228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights of each 
Bondholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant 
Account Holder, Issuer or Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Bondholder as of 0:00 
Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective Decision. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to any 
subsequent holder of any of the Covered Bonds of such Series. 
(i) 
General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Bondholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If 
such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Bondholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call the 
General Meeting.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
WS0101.32901144.1 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Bondholders present or represented 
hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a two-third 
(2/3) majority of votes held by the Bondholders attending such General Meeting or represented thereat, except 
when the General Meeting deliberates on any proposal for a merger or demerger of the Issuer in the 
circumstances provided for under Articles L.236-13 and L.236-18 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce), in which case the decision will be taken by a simple majority of votes held by the Bondholders 
attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 12(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
Each Bondholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by correspondence.  
Each Bondholder or Representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General Meeting, 
all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Bondholders at the registered office of the Issuer 
and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, and during the five (5) calendar day 
period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
(ii) 
Written Resolution and Electronic Consent 
Pursuant to Article L.228-46-1 of the Commercial Code (Code de commerce) in respect of any Series of 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only, the Issuer shall be entitled in lieu of the holding of a General Meeting to 
seek approval of a resolution from the Bondholders by way of a Written Resolution. Subject to the following 
sentence a Written Resolution may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Bondholders. Pursuant to Articles L.228-46-1 and R.225-97 of the 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) approval of a Written Resolution may also be given by way of 
electronic communication allowing the identification of Bondholders ("Electronic Consent"). 
Notice seeking the approval of a Written Resolution (including by way of Electronic Consent) will be 
published as provided under Condition 12(h) not less than 5 days prior to the date fixed for the passing of such 
Written Resolution (the "Written Resolution Date"). Notices seeking the approval of a Written Resolution 
will contain the conditions of form and time-limits to be complied with by the Bondholders who wish to 
express their approval or rejection of such proposed Written Resolution. Bondholders expressing their approval 
or rejection before the Written Resolution Date will undertake not to dispose of their Covered Bonds until after 
the Written Resolution Date. 
A Written Resolution will be deemed to have been approved if (i) Bondholders expressing their approval or 
rejection of such proposed Written Resolution hold at least one fifth of the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds then outstanding and (ii) Bondholders expressing their approval hold at least 75 per cent. of such 
quorum. 
Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of 
such Bondholders.  
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and the related 
provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) shall not apply to the Covered Bonds.  
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating to the 
calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses resolved upon by 
Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed against interest payable 
under the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(f) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Covered Bonds of the same Series, and the holders of Covered Bonds of any other Series which 
have been assimilated with the Covered Bonds of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 14, 
shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse.  
(g) 
Sole Bondholder 
If and for so long as the Covered Bonds of any Series are held by a sole Bondholder and unless a 
Representative has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Bondholder shall exercise all powers, rights 
and obligations entrusted to the Masse by the provisions of the Commercial Code (Code de commerce). The 
Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Bondholder in this capacity and shall make it 
available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Covered Bonds of such Series. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 12, the expression "outstanding" shall not include the Covered 
Bonds purchased by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 7(g) which are held by the Issuer and not 
cancelled or subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 19. 
(h) 
Notices to Bondholders 
Any notice to be given to Bondholders in accordance with this Condition 12 and pursuant to Articles R. 228-79 
and R. 236-11 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) shall be published on the website of the 
Issuer (www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and, 
(i) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif), mailed to them at 
their respective addresses, in which case they shall be deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) 
weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing; or 
(ii) 
in the case of the holders of Covered Bonds in bearer form (au porteur), given by delivery of the 
relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through 
which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared.  
12.2 
Full Masse 
For Covered Bonds issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 12 shall apply to the Covered Bonds subject to the following modifications: 
(i) 
The second paragraph of Condition 12(d)(i) shall be deleted and replaced by the following 
paragraph: 
"General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Bondholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding. On second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General 
Meeting shall be taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Bondholders attending such 
General Meeting or represented thereat." 
(ii) 
Condition 12(e) shall not apply to the Covered Bonds. 
13. 
REPLACEMENT OF DEFINITIVE MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS, COUPONS 
AND TALONS 
If, in the case of any Materialised Covered Bonds, a Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon 
is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, or in each case, such other Paying 
Agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Bondholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the 
allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Covered Bond, Coupon or Talon is subsequently 
presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the

--- Page 75 ---
75 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, 
Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
14. 
LIMITED RECOURSE, NON PETITION 
Limited recourse 
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will be automatically deemed to have 
agreed: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds and these Conditions against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officers (directeurs généraux) or agent of the Issuer, by the 
enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being 
expressly agreed and understood that any obligation of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and 
these Conditions is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall be 
attached to, or be incurred by, any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officer (directeur général) or agent of the Issuer, as such, or any 
of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of the Issuer 
contained in these Conditions or implied therefrom and, as a condition of and in consideration for 
the issuing by the Issuer of any Covered Bond, to waive any and all personal liability of every such 
shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief executive officers 
(directeurs généraux) or agent of the Issuer for breaches by the Issuer of any of its obligations, 
covenants or agreements under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions; 
(b) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions to amounts 
payable or expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations and 
liabilities under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the 
exclusion of any damage for breach of contract or other penalties not expressed as being payable by 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds and these Conditions) and in accordance with the then 
applicable Priority Payment Order; 
(c) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its 
obligations and liabilities under the Covered Bonds and/or these Conditions shall be recoverable 
only from and to the extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date or (as applicable) on the relevant Final Maturity Date (or on the relevant 
Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds (provided that, in 
the event that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to make 
payment of the aforementioned amounts and provided further that, in the event that the Available 
Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due to it and all 
other claims ranking pari passu to its claims, then its claims against the Issuer shall be satisfied only 
up to a certain percentage of such Available Funds (as determined in accordance with the then 
applicable Priority Payment Order) and, after payment of such percentage, the obligations of the 
Issuer with respect to such amounts owed on the relevant date shall be discharged in full); 
(d) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), in the event of a conciliation (conciliation), safeguard 
(sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any other resources or liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other 
Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid 
in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the 
Privilège shall not become due and payable as a result of the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer; and

--- Page 76 ---
76 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(f) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the 
Issuer in application of the Programme Documents. 
German Law Covered Bonds are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions specified in the 
terms and conditions of the German Law Covered Bonds a form of which is included in the Agency 
Agreement. 
Non-petition  
By subscribing to any Covered Bond, each Bondholder will also be automatically deemed to have 
agreed that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the 
Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of the last Series issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding and owing under 
the latest outstanding Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, 
dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer of the Issuer or of any or all of 
the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable 
to it under the Covered Bonds by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to recover any 
debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and subject to, the 
Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant Bondholder shall survive the payment of all sums owing 
under any Covered Bond and/or these Conditions.  
German Law Covered Bonds are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
No risk of Issuer consolidation upon insolvency of the Group 
Despite the fact that the Issuer is almost entirely owned by BNP Paribas, pursuant to the provisions 
of Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
safeguard procedure, judicial reorganisation or liquidation (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of BNP Paribas, in its capacity as shareholder of the 
Issuer, shall not be extended to the Issuer. 
15. 
PRIORITY PAYMENT ORDERS 
Any and all sums due by the Issuer under the Programme (including principal and interest under the Covered 
Bonds) will be paid within the limit of the Available Funds of the Issuer at the time of such payment and 
according to the relevant Priority Payment Order described under the section "Cash Flow" of the Base 
Prospectus. As a consequence, the payment of certain sums will be subordinated to the full payment of other 
sums. Bondholders are deemed to have notice of the provisions of the section "Cash Flow" of the Base 
Prospectus. 
16. 
FURTHER ISSUES AND CONSOLIDATION 
(a) 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders create and issue 
further Covered Bonds to be consolidated with the Covered Bonds provided such Covered Bonds and the 
further Covered Bonds carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the principal 
amount thereof and the first payment of interest as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that the terms of 
such Covered Bonds provide for such consolidation, and references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" 
shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(b) 
Consolidation 
The Issuer, with the prior approval of the Fiscal Agent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), may from 
time to time on any Interest Payment Date occurring on or after the Redenomination Date on giving not less 
than thirty (30) calendar days' prior notice to the Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17, without the 
consent of the Bondholders or Couponholders, consolidate the Covered Bonds of one (1) Series denominated 
in Euro with the Covered Bonds of one (1) or more other Series issued by it, whether or not originally issued in 
one (1) of the European national currencies or in Euro, provided such other Covered Bonds have been 
redenominated in Euro (if not originally denominated in Euro) and which otherwise have, in respect of all 
periods subsequent to such consolidation, the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
NOTICES 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds in registered form (au nominatif) shall be 
valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be 
deemed to have been given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or at the option of the Issuer (ii) they are published in a leading daily 
financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) 
provided that, so long as such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and 
the applicable rules of such Regulated Market so require, notices will only be deemed to be valid if 
they are published on the website of any relevant regulatory authority, in a leading daily financial 
newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les 
Echos, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Covered Bonds and Dematerialised Covered Bonds in bearer 
form (au porteur) shall be valid if published in a leading daily financial newspaper of general 
circulation in Europe (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, so long as such Covered 
Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the applicable rules of such Regulated 
Market so require, in a leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies 
where the Regulated Market on which such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading, which in the 
case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, or as otherwise required by the rules applicable 
to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Covered Bonds (whether in registered 
or in bearer form) (au nominatif or au porteur) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by 
delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing 
system through which the Covered Bonds are for the time being cleared in substitution for the 
mailing and publication as required by Conditions 17(a) and (b), above; provided that (i) so long as 
such Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the rules of that 
Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a leading daily financial newspaper 
with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market on which such Covered Bonds 
are admitted to trading, which in the case of Euronext Paris is expected to be Les Echos, or as 
otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. 
(d) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another 
leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe, provided that so long as such 
Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, notices shall be published as 
otherwise required by the rules applicable to that Regulated Market, as the case may be. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than 
once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of 
Materialised Covered Bonds in accordance with this Condition 17. 
(e) 
Notices to be given by any Bondholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
(in the case of any Covered Bonds in definitive form) with the relative Covered Bonds or Covered 
Bonds, with the Paying Agent (in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds).  
(f) 
For the avoidance of doubt, Condition 17 shall not apply to notices to be given pursuant to 
Condition 12.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
WS0101.32901144.1 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, French 
law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Covered Bonds, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Paris.  
19. 
SUBSCRIPTION BY THE ISSUER OF COVERED BONDS AS ELIGIBLE COLLATERAL 
WITH THE BANQUE DE FRANCE 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
Issuer as société de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may subscribe to its own Covered Bonds (the "Auto-held 
Covered Bonds") for the sole purpose of granting them as collateral to the credit transactions with the Banque 
de France in accordance with the rules of the Eurosystem, provided that the Issuer's liquidity needs cannot be 
funded otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The Covered Bonds thus subscribed by the Issuer 
must meet the following conditions: 
- 
the outstanding principal amount of the Auto-held Covered Bonds does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) 
of the outstanding principal amount of any liabilities of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège on the 
subscription date of the Auto-held Covered Bonds by the Issuer; 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L. 228-46 to L. 228-
89 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the Issuer; 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de France) 
or they are cancelled within the eight (8) calendar days from their settlement date or from the date they 
are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
- 
the Auto-held Covered Bonds cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
WS0101.32901144.1 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF FRENCH LAW COVERED BONDS 
WHICH ARE MATERIALISED COVERED BONDS 
The following description is only applicable to French Law Covered Bonds. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Covered Bonds, which will be delivered on or prior to 
the issue date of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and for Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream "). Upon the delivery of 
such Temporary Global Certificate with a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each 
subscriber with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has 
subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Covered Bonds the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with 
Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of Covered 
Bonds that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Covered Bonds will be exchangeable, free 
of charge to the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance 
with the C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General 
Description of the Programme-Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification as required under U.S. Treasury Regulation 
section 1.163-5 (c)(2)(i)(D)(3) (or any successor regulation issued under Code section 4701(b) 
containing rules substantially identical to those currently applying under Code section 163(f)(2)(B) 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership for Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. 
While any Materialised Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Certificate, any payment payable 
in respect of such Materialised Covered Bonds prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
only to the extent that the certification described in (ii) above has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the 
certification received) to the relevant Paying Agent. The holder of a Temporary Global Certificate will not be 
entitled to collect any payment due thereon on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification as 
described above, exchange of the Temporary Global Certificate for an interest in Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds is improperly refused or withheld. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary 
Global Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, 
the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and 
authenticated Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised 
Covered Bonds" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Covered 
Bonds for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to 
them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate 
and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds will be security printed in accordance with any 
applicable legal and stock exchange requirement.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Covered 
Bonds, the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) days after its issue date, provided that in the event any 
further Materialised Covered Bonds which are to be assimilated (assimilables for the purposes of French law) 
with such first mentioned Materialised Covered Bonds are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 
16(a), the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of 
forty (40) days after the issue date of such further Materialised Covered Bonds. 
In the case of Materialised Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of more than three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) days (and that are not relying on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following 
legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE UNITED STATES INTERNAL 
REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
WS0101.32901144.1 
THE ISSUER  
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such Covered Bonds, in the following 
section. 
General 
The Issuer was incorporated on 22 June 2004, as a French "Société anonyme". Its term of existence is ninety-
nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. The legal name of the Issuer is BNP Paribas Home Loan 
SFH and its commercial name is "BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH" (formerly BNP Paribas Home Loan Covered 
Bonds). The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du commerce et des sociétés de Paris under number 
454 084 211. The Issuer adopted the name "BNP Paribas Home Loan Covered Bonds" and the legal form of a 
French "Société anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance" on 18 September 2006. From the date of its 
incorporation and until 18 September 2006, the Issuer was a dormant entity owned by BNP Paribas and did not 
engage in any business activity. The Issuer adopted its current legal and commercial name, i.e. "BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH" and the legal form of a French "Société anonyme à conseil d'administration" on or prior to 
the date hereof, following the adoption of the status of société de financement de l’habitat. 
The Issuer is governed by: 
(a) 
the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce);  
(b) 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 1 Boulevard Haussmann, 75009 
Paris, France.  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is an entirely owned subsidiary of BNP Paribas.  
The Issuer was a special purpose entity, with separate legal capacity and existence, which was first licensed by 
the French banking regulator (the Comité des établissements de crédit et des entreprises d'investissement, an 
institution now merged into the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) as a credit institution 
(établissement de crédit), with the status of a financial company (société financière) and with limited and 
exclusive purpose, on 30 November 2006. Following the enactment of Law n°2010-1249 dated 22 October 
2010 on banking and financial regulation (the "SFH Law") and of Decree n° 2011-205 dated 23 February 
2011, establishing the new status of "société de financement de l'habitat (SFH)", and in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 74 of the SFH Law, the Issuer has opted for the regime of société de financement de 
l'habitat (SFH). On 1st April 2011, the Issuer was granted the status of société de financement de l'habitat 
(SFH) by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, which is the new legal and commercial name of 
the Issuer. As a consequence, the Issuer is now governed by the SFH Legal Framework as described below 
(see section entitled "Summary of the SFH Legal Framework and other legal issues"). As a result of the 
entry into force on 1st January 2014 of the Ordinance n° 2013-544 dated 27 June 2013 relating to credit 
institutions and financing company, the Issuer became automatically a specialised credit institution 
(établissement de crédit spécialisé) as from 1st January 2014. 
The Issuer's exclusive corporate purpose set out in Article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws is to finance home loans 
(prêts à l'habitat) and other financial assets which are eligible under the SFH Legal Framework and in order to 
finance such transactions, the Issuer may issue bonds called obligations de financement de l'habitat that benefit 
from the Privilège (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the Privilège) and may also issue 
ordinary bonds or raise other sources of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège in accordance and 
subject to the SFH Legal Framework. 
Issuer's Activities 
The Issuer's activities are limited to the transactions expressly authorised by the SFH Legal Framework.  
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the sole activity of the Issuer is to issue Covered Bonds from time to time 
that benefit from the Privilège, as described in the Base Prospectus, and to use the proceeds thereof to fund

--- Page 82 ---
82 
WS0101.32901144.1 
advances (each, a "Borrower Advance"), as lender (in such capacity the "Lender"), to BNP Paribas S.A., as 
borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower") under a credit facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility 
Agreement") (see section entitled "The main Programme Documents - The Borrower Facility 
Agreement") and such Borrower Advances are fully secured by the transfer by way of security of the full title 
(remise en pleine propriété à titre de garantie), in favour of the Issuer, of Home Loan receivables as collateral 
security pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (the "Borrower Collateral Security") and the provisions of the Borrower Collateral 
Security Agreement (see section entitled "The main Programme Documents - The Borrower Collateral 
Security Agreement").  
The Issuer does not have and will not have any employees, nor will it own or lease any premises. The 
management of its operations is, and will be, entrusted to another credit institution(s) or financing 
company(ies) (société(s) de financement) in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). On the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
management of the administrative operations of the Issuer is carried out by BNP Paribas in its capacity as 
Administrator of the Issuer in accordance with the Administrative Agreement and the risk management of the 
Issuer is carried out by the relevant departments of BNP Paribas in accordance with the provisions of the 
Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens entered into between the Issuer and BNP 
Paribas. 
Limited recourse 
Each party to any Programme Document will agree: 
(a) 
not to seek recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of the Issuer under any 
Programme Document against any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil 
d'administration), chief executive officers (directeurs généraux) or agent of the Issuer, by the 
enforcement of any assessment or by any proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being 
expressly agreed and understood that any obligation of the Issuer under any Programme Document 
is a corporate obligation of the Issuer, and that no personal liability shall be attached to, or be 
incurred by, any shareholder, member of the board of directors (conseil d'administration), chief 
executive officers (directeurs généraux) 
(b) 
or agent of the Issuer, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, 
covenants or agreements of the Issuer contained in any Programme Document or implied therein and 
to waive any and all personal liability of every such shareholder, member of the board of directors 
(conseil d'administration), chief executive officer (directeurs généraux) or agent of the Issuer for 
breaches by the Issuer of any of its obligations, covenants or agreements under any Programme 
Document; 
(c) 
to limit its recourse against the Issuer under any Programme Document to amounts payable or 
expressed to be payable to it by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its obligations and liabilities 
under any Programme Document (and, for the avoidance of doubt, to the exclusion of any damage 
for breach of contract or other penalties not expressed as being payable by the Issuer under any 
Programme Document) and in accordance with the then applicable Priority Payment Order; 
(d) 
that amounts payable or expressed to be payable by the Issuer on, under or in respect of its 
obligations and liabilities under any Programme Document shall be recoverable only from and to the 
extent of the amount of the Available Funds, as calculated on the relevant payment date (provided 
that, in the event that no Available Funds exist at the relevant date, the Issuer shall not be liable to 
make payment of the aforementioned amounts and provided further that, in the event that the 
Available Funds at the relevant date are insufficient to pay in full all amounts whatsoever due under 
any claim of any party under any Programme Document and all other claims ranking pari passu to 
any such claim, then the claim of such party against the Issuer shall be satisfied only up to a certain 
percentage of such Available Funds (as determined in accordance with the then applicable Priority 
Payment Order) and, after payment of such percentage, the obligations of the Issuer with respect to 
any amount owed on the relevant date to such party shall be discharged in full); 
(e) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 2 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), in the event of a conciliation (conciliation), safeguard

--- Page 83 ---
83 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer, the amounts due by the Issuer from time to time under the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) and any other resources or liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other 
Issuer's debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements 
whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been paid 
in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; 
(f) 
that, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Covered Bonds and the other debt benefiting from the 
Privilège shall not become due and payable as a result of the judicial liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) of the Issuer; and 
(g) 
that, in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) (nullités facultatives de la période suspecte) shall not apply to payments made by the 
Issuer in application of the Programme Documents. 
German Law Covered Bonds are subject to the particular limited recourse provisions specified in the terms and 
conditions of the German Law Covered Bonds a form of which is included in the Agency Agreement. 
Non-petition 
Each party to any Programme Document will also agree that prior to the date which is eighteen (18) months 
and one (1) day after the earlier of (i) the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of 
the last Series issued by the Issuer under the Programme, or (ii) the date of payment of any sums outstanding 
and owing under the latest outstanding Covered Bond: 
(a) 
it will not take any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the winding-up, 
dissolution or organisation or for the appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative 
receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, sequestrator or similar officer of the Issuer or of any or all of 
the Issuer's revenues and assets; and 
(b) 
it will not have any right to take steps for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amounts payable 
to it under any Programme Document by the Issuer and shall not until such time take any step to 
recover any debts whatsoever owing to it by the Issuer otherwise than in accordance with, and 
subject to, the Conditions. 
The above undertakings by each relevant party shall survive the termination of any Programme Document and 
the payment of all sums owing under any such Programme Document.  
German Law Covered Bonds are not subject to non-petition provisions. 
No risk of Issuer consolidation upon insolvency of the Group 
The Issuer is a ring-fenced, bankruptcy remote entity. Pursuant to the provisions of Article L. 513-20 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the safeguard procedure, judicial 
reorganisation or liquidation (procédures de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) of 
BNP Paribas, in its capacity as shareholder of the Issuer, will not be extended to the Issuer. 
Restrictions on mergers or reorganisations 
The Issuer undertakes not to enter into any merger, re-organisation or similar transaction without prior 
Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation. 
Issuer Risk Management 
Pursuant to the terms of the Administrative Agreement and of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à 
Disposition de Moyens, as amended from time to time, the risk management of the Issuer is delegated to BNP 
Paribas. BNP Paribas will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts that

--- Page 84 ---
84 
WS0101.32901144.1 
might be due by the Issuer under the Administrative Agreement (save for the portion of its fees or the other 
amounts that might be owed to it by the Issuer and which corresponds to the management and servicing of the 
assets and liabilities of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier)) and the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens.  
Ongoing and periodic internal control system 
The Issuer is integrated into the BNP Paribas internal control system, taking into account the Issuer's own legal 
form as a French limited company with a Board of Directors (société anonyme à Conseil d'Administration), 
and also its "lack of own means" status. 
BNP Paribas's overall ongoing control procedures are applied according to a Department's organisational 
structure within BNP Paribas. 
The BNP Paribas internal control framework in which the Issuer is integrated, is organized around three levels, 
under the accountability of the management body. 
This internal control framework makes a clear distinction between its ongoing and its periodic internal controls 
in accordance with the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions, 
payment services and investment services subject to the supervision of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. 
The ongoing control consists in the continuous implementation of the risk management framework by the first 
and the second levels.  
The periodic control, ensured by the third level, is the verification and assessment function that operates 
according to a dedicated audit cycle.  
Functions ensuring the second and third levels are named Functions exercising independent controls. They 
report directly to the management body in its management function and for Compliance, LEGAL, RISK and 
Inspection Générale, they report on the performance of their duties to the management body in its supervisory 
function. 
Ongoing internal control system (contrôle permanent) 
The first level of ongoing controls is carried out by (i) the operating entities, managers and their respective 
staff which are accountable, at each level of the organization, for achieving the objectives set and for 
monitoring the risks coming from the businesses or services they run or deliver and (ii) the Operational 
Permanent Control.  
The control of the compliance of (i) the transactions, (ii) the level of risk actually involved and (iii) the 
compliance with the procedures is carried out by agents and employees of BNP Paribas acting on behalf of the 
Issuer.  
The functions exercising second level controls (as Compliance, Legal, Risk, Group Tax and Group Finance) 
are accountable, by delegation from the management body for the organization and the sound functioning of 
the risk monitoring framework and its compliance with laws and regulations, over a whole set of domains 
(themes and/or processes). 
Periodic internal control system (contrôle périodique) 
The Inspection Générale is an independent and hierarchically integrated control function, which reports 
directly to the Chief Executive Officer. It performs a third level control. It is accountable for assessing the 
processes related to risk management, control and governance as well as their compliance with laws and 
regulations and proposes ways to strengthen their effectiveness. 
BNP Paribas in accordance with the provisions of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition 
de Moyens entered into between the Issuer and BNP Paribas determines the terms and conditions of the 
management of the control activities of the Issuer which will be carried out by the audit team of the Inspection 
Générale.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Issuer is included in the Corporate and Investment Banking division of BNP Paribas (CIB)'s audit remit 
and is audited according to the principles, norms and standards in force for the Group as a whole and more 
specifically for the activities and entities of CIB. 
The internal audit charter of the Group is applicable to the Issuer. The mission, organization, powers and 
responsibilities of the BNP Paribas group's internal audit are defined in the BNP Paribas Group Internal 
Control Charter, in compliance with the applicable standards and international auditing standards.  
Compliance control 
According to the arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions, payment 
services and investment services subject to the supervision of the Autorité de Contrôle Prudentiel et de 
Résolution, when an entity belongs to a group of companies, the accountability of the compliance control can 
be ensured at the level of another entity of the group. In this context, the Issuer gave a mandate to BNP Paribas 
SA, to set-up and to ensure the responsibility of the compliance control in order to ensure consistency and 
efficiency of the control. The head of the Group Compliance is in charge of organizing and supervising the 
management framework of non-compliance risk. Specific procedures for review of compliance have been set-
up for this purpose.  
The exercise of the function of compliance control is carried out by the compliance team of the ALM Treasury, 
part of the CIB Compliance department. 
Accounting 
In the context of the Administrative Agreement and of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à 
Disposition de Moyens, as amended from time to time, the general accounting, the consolidation of periodical 
financial statements and regulatory statements are carried out by the service "Reporting Filiales" of the BNP 
Paribas department named Finance Développement Groupe. 
IT systems 
All of the procedures described below are carried out through the use of various programs. The general 
accounting and the provision of financial statements are carried out through the tool BAC-SAR (accounting 
package) and Business Object (annex maker) which Finances Développement Groupe uses for its numerous 
branches of BNP Paribas. The preparation and provision of regulatory and prudential statements are carried out 
through the tools EVOLAN REPORT by SOPRA. All of the accounting records are carried out in accordance 
with the standards of the Group and updated in the event of any modification of the applicable regulations. 
Finally, all of the preparation and electronic processing tasks relating to the accounting information systems of 
the Issuer are carried out by specialised teams of Finances Développement Groupe which have expertise in this 
domain and benefit from a backup site. The framework is based on general accounts managed by BNP Paribas 
– service "Reporting Filiales". The Advances made available by the Issuer, as Lender under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement and the issue of the Covered Bonds are followed up by the back offices of BNP Paribas 
which transmit the information (by way of a confirmation slip) to the service FDG Reporting Filiales in order 
to ensure the book entry and which initiate the cash flows. The entire process is validated on a monthly basis 
by the follow-up of the back accounts and inventories (balance sheet and financial review) which are edited by 
the back office tools of BNP Paribas. 
Internal control reporting 
In the context of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens, each of the relevant 
department of BNP Paribas prepare, on a yearly basis, on behalf of the Issuer, a reporting relating to the 
conditions under which the periodic and ongoing internal control are performed. At least once a year, the 
Board of Directors shall review the activity and the results of the periodic and ongoing internal controls, and in 
particular, the latter shall verify the compliance control on the basis of information provided by the internal 
control officer.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Information procedures of the Board of directors 
The Board of Directors is informed of the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and shall communicate 
any and all measures consisting of the system of the internal control as well as the main items and results 
which have been observed with respect to the risks to which the Issuer is exposed.  
Procedures handbook 
In the context of the Administrative Agreement, each of the relevant department of BNP Paribas is entrusted 
with the duties to update the procedures relating to its activity.  
Internal control documentation 
In the context of the Administrative Agreement and of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à 
Disposition de Moyens, as amended from time to time, each of the relevant department of BNP Paribas is 
entrusted with the duties to update the procedures relating to its activity. 
Duty of care on money laundering transactions  
Pursuant to the provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) relating 
to anti-money laundering, the Issuer shall exercise the utmost care with respect to its "know your customers' 
procedures and selection of clients and in any case clients which are companies or entities of the Group duly 
incorporated either in France or in European Economic Area. Pursuant to the provisions of the Administrative 
Agreement and of the Convention d’Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens, as amended from 
time to time, the Issuer shall benefit from the anti-money laundering procedures of the Group.  
Issuer Financial Elements 
The financial year of the Issuer runs from 1 January to 31 December. The annual results of the Issuer are the 
non consolidated accounts. The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
Comparative Financial Data (in EUR) 
Income Statement 
31/12/2020 
(audited) 
31/12/2019 
(audited) 
Net banking income 
3,417,820 
2,987,989 
Gross operating income 
1,039,781 
816,741 
Net income 
722,873 
572,923 
Balance sheet 
Total 
consolidated 
balance sheet 
32,929,953,483 
29,711,676,745 
Shareholders equity 
286,935,591 
286,782,719 
Debt securities 
30,580,574,031 
27,052,942,734 
 
Prudential ratios  
The Issuer is bound to comply with all prudential ratios applicable to specialised credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit spécialisés) in accordance with the European and French laws and regulations. 
The Issuer's prudential ratios are assessed at the Issuer level.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Issuer Share capital, Covered Bonds, Subordinated Loan and Super Subordinated Bonds Issue and 
Issuer Majority Shareholder's undertakings 
Share capital 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer's issued share capital is € 285 million, made up of 28,500,000 
ordinary shares with a par value of € 10 each (the "Issuer Share Capital"). 
The share capital may be increased or decreased in accordance with legal provisions. New shares can be issued 
either at par value or at a premium. 
A capital increase can only be approved by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, on the basis of a 
report by the Board of Directors. 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders can delegate the necessary powers to the Board of Directors 
to increase the share capital on one (1) or more occasions, to establish the terms of the increase, to certify that 
such terms have been carried out and to amend the Issuer's articles of association accordingly. 
A reduction in capital can be decided by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which may delegate 
to the Board of Directors all the necessary powers to carry out such a reduction. 
Covered Bonds 
Since 31 December 2020, the Issuer has issued: 
- € 2,500,000,000 0.000 per cent. Covered Bonds due 20 September 2028 Extendible to 20 September 
2029 (French Law Covered Bonds – non syndicated issue); 
- € 1,000,000,000 0.000 per cent. Covered Bonds due 22 October 2029 Extendible to 22 October 2030 
(French Law Covered Bonds – non syndicated issue); 
Subordinated Loan and Super Subordinated Bonds Issue 
The Issuer also benefits from € 15,000,000 subordinated shareholder's loan (the "Subordinated Loan") and 
from a € 25,000,000 super subordinated bonds issue with a perpetual maturity (the "Super Subordinated 
Bonds Issue"), both granted or subscribed by BNP Paribas to the Issuer. 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement and Super Subordinated Bonds Subscription Agreement provide that all 
amounts to be paid by the Issuer under those Subordinated Loan Agreement and Super Subordinated Bonds 
Subscription Agreement will be paid according to the relevant Priority Payment Order, as described in 
Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions. 
The Subordinated Loan Agreement and Super Subordinated Bonds Subscription Agreement include "Limited 
Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – 
Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents". 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking 
As the majority shareholder of the Issuer and pursuant to a letter of undertaking (the "Shareholder Letter of 
Undertaking"), BNP Paribas undertakes in favour of the Bondholders of Covered Bonds of all Series to be 
issued, represented by their respective Representative: 
(a) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the voluntary 
winding-up, dissolution or organisation of the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and assets;  
(b) 
not to take or participate in any corporate action or other steps or legal proceedings for the voluntary 
appointment of a receiver, administrator, administrative receiver, trustee, liquidator, examiner, 
sequestrator or similar officer with respect to the Issuer or of any or all of the Issuer's revenues and 
assets;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(c) 
not to amend the constitutional documents (and in particular the articles of association) of the Issuer 
other than as expressly contemplated under the Programme Documents or without a prior 
Representative Consent and Rating Affirmation; 
(d) 
unless if required by any administrative or regulatory authorities or under any applicable law or 
regulation (as the same shall have been notified by the Issuer and/or BNP Paribas to the Rating 
Agencies) or unless approved by BNP Paribas subject to prior Rating Affirmation, that BNP Paribas 
will procure that the Issuer will at all times comply with its undertakings and other obligations as set 
forth in the banking license of the Issuer or in the related application form (dossier d'agrément) filed 
with the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution and maintain its SFH status; 
(e) 
not to permit any amendments to the Programme Documents other than as expressly permitted or 
contemplated under the Programme Documents or without the prior Representative Consent and prior 
Rating Affirmation; 
(f) 
not to permit that the Issuer ceases to be consolidated within the tax group formed under the régime 
d'intégration fiscale provided by Articles 223 A et seq. of the French General Tax Code (Code général 
des impôts), with BNP Paribas as head of that tax group and not to amend the tax consolidation 
agreement (convention d'intégration fiscale) in force at the date hereof between BNP Paribas and the 
Issuer without prior Rating Affirmation; 
(g) 
not to create or permit to subsist any encumbrance over the whole or any part of the shares of the Issuer 
it owns; 
(h) 
not to sell, transfer, lease out or otherwise dispose of, by one (1) or more transactions or series of 
transactions (whether or not related), whether voluntarily or involuntarily, the whole or any part of the 
shares of the Issuer it owns; 
(i) 
to take any necessary steps to remain majority shareholder of the Issuer. 
Issuer Management bodies 
The chairman, the chief executive officer and the deputy chief executive officer 
Mrs. Valérie BRUNERIE, Chairman of the Board of Directors (Présidente du Conseil d'Administration), Mrs. 
Véronique FLOXOLI, Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) and Mrs. Catherine DEDICKER, Deputy 
Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général Délégué) are liable for the conduct of the Issuer's activities vis à 
vis the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution in accordance with Article L. 511-13 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In accordance with French applicable corporate law, the Chairman of the Board of Directors (président du 
conseil d’administration) organises and directs the work of the board of directors, of which he shall give an 
account at the shareholders’ meetings, ensures that the governing bodies of the Issuer operate properly, and 
that the directors are able to perform their duties. 
The Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) and the Deputy Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général 
Délégué) represent the Issuer vis-à-vis third parties. 
Board of directors  
The board of directors consists of a minimum of three (3) members and a maximum of eighteen (18) members. 
The term of office is six (6) years. 
Members of the board of directors  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors of the Issuer consists of six (6) members.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Name 
Position 
Date of appointment 
Valérie BRUNERIE 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
(Président du Conseil d'Administration) 
1 April 2011 
Renewed on 3 May 2017 
Véronique FLOXOLI 
Director (administrateur) and Chief 
Executive Officer (directeur général) 
20 June 2014 
Renewed on 28 March 
2020 in relation to her 
appointment as Chief 
Executive Officer 
Renewed on 28 April 
2020 in relation to her 
appointement as 
Director 
Alexis BORNICHE 
Director (administrateur) 
11 April 2016 
BNP PARIBAS S.A 
Director (administrateur) 
1 April 2011 
Renewed on 3 May 2017 
Catherine DEDICKER 
Director (administrateur)  
Deputy Chief Executive Officer (directeur 
général délégué) 
28 April 2020 
28 March 2020 
Alexis LATOUR 
Director (administrateur) 
17 October 2011 
Renewed on 3 May 2017 
 
The members of the board of directors have their business addresses at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Mrs. Valérie BRUNERIE is the head of Medium and Long Term Operational Management within the Group. 
Mrs. Véronique FLOXOLI is the head of the Medium and Long Term Funding (ALM Treasury group) within 
the Group. 
BNP Paribas is represented by Mr. Arnaud DEGRAVI, who is a member of the Loan Collateral Management 
(ALM Treasury Group)  within the Group. 
Mr. Alexis BORNICHE is a member of the Medium and Long Term Funding (ALM Treasury group) within 
the Group. 
Mrs. Catherine DEDICKER is a member of the Loan Collateral Management (ALM Treasury Group) within 
the Group. 
Mr. Alexis LATOUR is head of the Legal Securitised Product Group, Continental Europe within the Group. 
There are no conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of any member of the board of directors and 
their private interests and/or other duties. 
The Chief Executing Officer or the Deputy Chief Executing Officer must ensure that the contracting parties of 
any contracts and commitments concluded by the Issuer for an amount greater or equal to € 5,000 have, 
irrevocably and unconditionally, (a) waived any rights that they may have to initiate any recourse, whether 
contractual or otherwise, against the Issuer and (b) waived any right to initiate any proceedings against the 
Issuer, the purpose of which is the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding against the Issuer.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Rights and duties of the Board of Directors 
The general management of the Issuer is performed by the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général). The 
Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) has extensive powers to act on behalf of the Issuer in all 
circumstances, but must exercise its powers subject to those that the law allocates explicitly to shareholders' 
meetings and to the board of directors. 
With regard to the shareholders, the by-laws of the Issuer provides that some actions may not be taken by the 
board of directors, nor by the chairman nor by the chief executive officer (directeur général), nor by any 
deputy chief executive officer (directeur général délégué) whatsoever, without the prior consent of the 
shareholders' general meeting. Such provisions of the by-laws of the Issuer restricting the actions the board of 
directors, the chairman, the chief executive officer (directeur général) or the deputy chief executive officers 
(directeur général délégué) may take are not enforceable against third parties. 
Issuer Statutory Auditors 
The statutory auditors of the Issuer are: 
(a) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France, acting as 
principal statutory auditor represented by Mr. Ridha Ben Chamek; 
(b) 
Deloitte & Associés, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense cedex, acting as statutory auditor 
represented by Mrs. Laurence Dubois. 
External Supervision and oversight of the Issuer  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution 
As specialised credit institutions (établissements de crédit spécialisés), sociétés de financement de l'habitat are 
supervised by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), an independent supervisory and control 
authority of banking and insurance activities in France, integrated within the framework of the Banque de 
France. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution is notably composed of the Governor of the 
Banque de France and various experts chosen for their expertise in banking and financial matters and is 
responsible for monitoring observance of the laws and regulations applicable to credit institutions as well as 
the soundness of their financial position. Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must declare their 
collateralisation ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 September and 31 December of each year (the 
"Collateralisation Ratio"). 
The Issuer is subject to off-site monitoring and on-site inspections by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. Off-site monitoring by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution consists of the 
examination of the Issuer's prudential and accounting records as well as regular contacts with the Issuer's board 
of directors and statutory auditors. The Issuer is required to submit to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution a registration document on internal control procedures and the assessment and supervision of risk 
procedures and bi-registration documents setting forth its Collateralisation Ratio (pursuant to its status as a 
société de financement de l'habitat). In addition, statutory auditors are required to advise the Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any fact or decision that may constitute a breach of existing regulations 
and that is likely to have a significant effect on the financial situation, the profits or the asset composition of 
the Issuer or cause the statutory auditors to issue a qualified or adverse opinion. 
Through on-site inspections, the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution ascertains that the information 
disclosed by the Issuer accurately reflects its financial condition. The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution may decide to make a recommendation, issue an injunction or institute disciplinary proceedings if it 
determines that the Issuer has contravened a law or regulation relating to its activity as a société de 
financement de l'habitat.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Specific Controller 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Article L. 513-23 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) a Specific Controller (Contrôleur spécifique), and a Substitute Specific 
Controller (Contrôleur Spécifique Suppléant), who are selected from the official list of auditors and are 
appointed by the board of directors of the Issuer with the approval of the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution. 
The principal Specific Controller of the Issuer is Fides Audit, 11, rue Marie LAURENCIN, 75012 Paris, 
France, represented by Mr. Stéphane Massa and the Substitute Specific Controller of the Issuer is Mr. Hugues 
BEAUGRAND, 9 rue de Sesçois, 77590 Bois le Roi. 
The Specific Controller ensures that the Issuer complies with the SFH Legal Framework (in particular, 
verifying the quality and the eligibility of the assets and the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio). He 
also monitors the balance between the Issuer's assets and liabilities in terms of rates and maturity (cash flow 
adequacy) and notifies the board of directors, the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) of the Issuer 
and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution if he considers such balance to be unsatisfactory.  
The Specific Controller carries out various audits in cooperation with the Issuer's statutory auditors and is 
completely independent of the Issuer. In particular, the Specific Controller must control the valuation 
procedures of the real estate properties securing the Home Loan receivables that are transferred as collateral 
security. 
For the performance of its duties, the Specific Controller has access to all information from management, 
internal control data, and internal audit data. The Specific Controller is entitled to undertake, at any time, any 
necessary control of the Issuer that it deems appropriate and to review the Issuer's books and records. In 
addition, the Specific Controller is entitled to request information from third parties who have entered into 
transactions on behalf of the Issuer. It may request copies of relevant agreements and documents from any 
credit institution or financing company (société de financement) entrusted with the management or the 
recovery of loans, bonds or other sources of financing of the Issuer pursuant to Article L. 513-15 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and copies of the home loan agreements, 
mortgage registration certificates and any other documents relating to the Home Loan receivables that are 
transferred as collateral security it may consider relevant in order to carry out its duties. 
The Specific Controller certifies, on a quarterly basis, compliance with legal and regulatory standards 
concerning the Collateralisation Ratio in connection with the issuance programme of the Issuer and for any 
issue of resources of more than €500 million which benefit from the Privilège. Additionally, the Specific 
Controller certifies that documents the Issuer sends to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution meet 
legal and regulatory requirements. The Specific Controller submits a registration document on its activity to 
the board of directors of the Issuer, and a copy is forwarded to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution.  
The Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution can require information relating to the activity and the 
financial situation of the Issuer from the Specific Controller. The Specific Controller is required to disclose to 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution any decision taken by the société de financement de 
l'habitat or its parent company, which constitute a violation of legal provisions and affect its financial situation, 
the continuity of the company or the certification of accounts. The Specific Controller is also required to advise 
the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of any fact or decision that could jeopardize the situation of 
the société de financement de l'habitat as a going concern. 
The Specific Controller cannot conduct any activities that could undermine its independence and take, receive 
or retain any interest in the Issuer or BNP Paribas. The Specific Controller is prevented from providing 
services exceeding the scope of its control to the Issuer or to BNP Paribas.  
The Specific Controller is liable for any error or negligence committed in the exercise of its functions. 
Chief Executive Officers may be sanctioned if the Specific Controller is not appointed, not invited to attend 
shareholders' meetings, prevented from conducting its control or not provided with useful documents that he 
has requested.The Specific Controller attends all meetings of the shareholders of the Issuer and, on his request, 
may be heard by the board of directors (conseil d'administration) of the Issuer.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Administrative Agreement 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Administrative Agreement. 
Background 
The "Administrative Agreement" refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Programme Date and 
entered into between BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, as Issuer and BNP Paribas, as "Administrator" (the 
"Administrator"). 
Purpose 
Under the Administrative Agreement, BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints BNP Paribas as its 
servicer for the rendering of administrative services to the Issuer (including all necessary advice, assistance and 
know-how, whether technical or not, day to day management and corporate administration services). The 
Administrator will always act in the best and exclusive interest of BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH. 
Administrator's duties 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will inter alia:  
(a) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all accounting and tax matters; 
(b) 
advise and assist the Issuer in all legal and administrative matters; 
(c) 
ensure that the Issuer will exercise each of its rights and perform each of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents; 
(d) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, to exercise 
and perform all of its rights and obligations under the Programme Documents; 
(e) 
assist the Issuer in opening and operating its bank accounts, the management and investment of its 
available cash in Permitted Investments in accordance with the relevant Permitted Investments rules, 
and any other matters in relation to the management of its bank accounts and funds so as to ensure that 
the Issuer will at all times comply with the provisions of the Programme Documents and the SFH Legal 
Framework; 
(f) 
act as custodian of any and all other documents that any corporate company similar to the Issuer shall 
keep on file under any applicable laws, until the Service Termination Date (as defined below); 
(g) 
until no Borrower Event of Default has occurred, perform the management and servicing of the 
Borrower Advances made available to the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement and the 
Affiliate Advances made available to any Affiliate under any Affiliate Facility Agreement; 
(h) 
upon a Borrower Enforcement Notice or an Affiliate Enforcement Notice being served under the 
Borrower Facility Agreement or the Affiliate Facility Agreement (respectively), assist the Issuer within 
the enforcement process of the Borower Collateral Security and/or the Affiliate Collateral Security; 
(i) 
upon enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security and of the Affiliate Collateral Security following 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, perform the servicing of the relevant Home Loan 
receivables or if the servicing of such assets is transferred to a substitute servicer procure that the 
servicing of such assets shall be performed by such substitute servicer pursuant to a servicing agreement 
to be entered into by the Issuer and such substitute servicer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), and promptly notify the debtors for 
the direct payment to the Issuer of the amounts due under the relevant Home Loan receivables; 
(j) 
perform the management and servicing of the Covered Bonds and of the other ressources of the Issuer 
mentioned in Article L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and more generally, assist the Issuer to enter into any credit transactions of the Banque de

--- Page 93 ---
93 
WS0101.32901144.1 
France in accordance with the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the Eurosystem 
for the purpose of covering any liquidity needs in accordance with the SFH Legal Framework; and 
(k) 
notify the Rating Agencies of the cancellation of any Auto-held Covered Bond by the Issuer. 
For the purpose of investment by the Administrator of the Issuer's available cash in Permitted Investments as 
mentioned in paragraph (e) above, "Permitted Investments" shall mean: 
(a) 
Euro fixed-term deposits provided that in all cases such investment has a remaining maturity of thirty 
(30) days or less and mature on or before the next following Payment Date and the unsecured, 
unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the entities with which the fixed-term deposits are 
made are rated at least A-1 (short-term) by S&P, and F1 (short-term) or A- (long-term) by Fitch Ratings  
(or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable law and 
regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds); 
(b) 
Euro fixed-term deposits provided that in all cases such investment has a remaining maturity of sixty 
(60) days or less and greater than thirty (30) days and mature on or before the next following Payment 
Date, and the unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the entities with which 
the fixed-term deposits are made are rated at least A-1 (short-term) by S&P, and F1+ (short-term) or 
AA- (long-term) by Fitch Ratings (or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be 
required by applicable law and regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds); 
(c) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro fixed-term deposits, certificates of deposit and debt 
obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments have a remaining 
maturity of three (3) months or less and greater than sixty (60) days and mature on or before the next 
following Payment Date, and the unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt obligations of the 
issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the fixed-term deposits are made are rated at least 
A-1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by S&P, and F1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by Fitch 
Ratings (or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable law and 
regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds);  
(d) 
Euro denominated government securities, Euro fixed-term deposits, certificates of deposit and debt 
obligations (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investments have a remaining 
maturity of more than three (3) months and less than three hundred sixty-four (364) days and mature on 
or before the next following Payment Date, and the unsecured, unguaranteed and unsubordinated debt 
obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the fixed-term deposits are 
made are rated at least A-1+ (short-term) or AA- (long-term) by S&P, and F1+ (short-term) or AA- 
(long-term) by Fitch Ratings (or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by 
applicable law and regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered 
Bonds); and 
(e) 
deposits of cash on accounts opened within the books of a central bank of a Member State of the 
European Union which comply with the criteria listed in 1(a) of Article 416 of the Capital Requirements 
Regulation n°575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as it may be amended from time to time) provided that they 
will comply with the above remaining maturities and minimum ratings requirements as set out above in 
items (a) to (d),  
if the permitted investment carries only a short-term rating by Fitch Ratings due to its short-term nature, the 
short-term rating is sufficient. 
Substitution and Agency 
The Administrator may not assign its rights and obligations under the Administrative Agreement but will have 
the right to be assisted by, to appoint or to substitute for itself any third party in the performance of certain or 
all its tasks under the Administrative Agreement provided that: 
(a) 
the Administrator has given written notice of the exercise of that right to the Issuer;

--- Page 94 ---
94 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(b) 
the Administrator remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, with 
respect to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual 
claim against the Issuer; and  
(c) 
the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Administrator 
under the Administrative Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Administrator to the Issuer under the Administrative 
Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Administrator an administration fee computed subject to, and in 
accordance with, the provisions of the Administrative Agreement. 
The Administrator will benefit from the Privilège for the payment of that portion of its fees or the other 
amounts that might be owed to it by the Issuer under the Administrative Agreement which corresponds to the 
management and servicing of the assets and liabilities of the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Administrator has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Administrative Agreement and 
continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator undertakes to hold harmless and fully and 
effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses (including 
legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a consequence 
of the occurrence of any default by the Administrator in its performance of any of its obligations under the 
Administrative Agreement. 
Resignation of the Administrator 
The Administrator will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Administrator pursuant to 
the Administrative Agreement, except:  
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Administrative Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the 
Administrative Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty days (180) 
days from the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Administrator. 
Such resignation shall however be effective upon replacement of the Administrator. 
Administrator's Defaults 
Each of the following events shall constitute an Administrator's Default: 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Administrator is or proves to have been incorrect 
or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) 
within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if 
sooner) the Administrator has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies 
that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Administrator fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Administrative 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Administrator or (if sooner) the Administrator has

--- Page 95 ---
95 
WS0101.32901144.1 
knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the 
interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Administrator; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Administrator to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Administrative Agreement or any or all of its material obligations under 
the Administrative Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
For such purposes, "Insolvency Event" means the occurrence of any of the following events:  
(i) 
the relevant entity is, or is deemed or declared for the purposes of any law to be, unable to pay its 
debts as they fall due or to be insolvent, including without limitation, en état de cessation des 
paiements, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(ii) 
the relevant entity by reason of financial difficulties, begins formal negotiations with one (1) or 
more of its creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of any of its 
indebtedness or applies for or is subject to an amicable settlement other than the appointment of 
an ad hoc representative (mandataire ad hoc) or a procédure de conciliation pursuant to Articles 
L. 611-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) in accordance with the 
provisions of new Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce); 
(iii) 
a meeting of the shareholders of the relevant entity is convened for the purpose of considering 
any resolution for (or to petition for) its winding-up or its administration or any such resolution is 
passed; 
(iv) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up or for the administration or for the bankruptcy 
of the relevant entity and the petition is not discharged within thirty (30) days; 
(v) 
any order for the winding-up or administration of the relevant entity is issued; 
(vi) 
a judgment is issued for the judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire), the safeguard procedure 
of the relevant entity (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the debt of the relevant 
entity (redressement judiciaire) or the transfer of the whole or part of the business of the relevant 
entity (cession de l'entreprise) pursuant to Articles L. 620-1 et seq. of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce), the accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde financière accélérée) or, the accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any other insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings or makes any conveyance, assignment or other arrangement for the 
benefit of its creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors; or 
(vii) 
any liquidator, trustee in bankruptcy, receiver, administrative receiver, administrator or the like 
(including, without limitation, any mandataire ad hoc, administrateur judiciaire, administrateur 
provisoire, conciliateur or mandataire liquidateur) is appointed in respect of the relevant entity 
or any substantial or material part of the assets or the directors of the relevant entity request such 
appointment it being understood that the appointment of an ad hoc representative (mandataire ad 
hoc) or entering into a conciliation procedure (procédure de conciliation) or being subject to such 
application with its principal creditors will not constitute an event of default pursuant to new 
Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). Pursuant to such new 
Article L. 611-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), any contractual 
provision to the contrary shall be null and void. 
Administrator Rating Trigger Event 
If an Administrator Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Administrator will notify the Issuer in writing of the 
occurrence of the Administrator Rating Trigger Event within five (5) Business Days from the date upon which 
it becomes aware of such event and this will constitute an Administrator Termination Event under the 
Administrative Agreement. 
For such purposes, "Administrator Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which:

--- Page 96 ---
96 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(i) 
the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the 
Administrator become rated below BBB by S&P; or  
(ii) 
the long-term issuer default rating (IDR) of the Administrator becomes rated below BBB by Fitch 
Ratings; 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Termination 
"Administrator Termination Events" under the Administrative Agreement will include the following events: 
(a) 
the occurrence and continuation of any Administrator's Default; 
(b) 
the occurrence of the Administrator Rating Trigger Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence and unremedied continuation of a Borrower Event of Default. 
If an Administrator Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Administrator 
under the Administrative Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the Administrator (the 
"Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of Termination, the appointment 
of the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement will terminate with effect: 
 not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of 
Termination, if such Notice of Termination is served due to the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default 
or of an Administrator Rating Trigger Event; 
 not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Administrator of the Notice of 
Termination or at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of Termination, if such 
Notice of Termination is served due to any other reason, 
and save for any continuing obligations of the Administrator contained in the Administrative Agreement. 
Upon the resignation of the Administrator, or termination of its appointment as Administrator in accordance 
with the terms of the Administrative Agreement, the Issuer shall replace BNP Paribas, as Administrator, by any 
legal entity, which is a credit institution (établissement de crédit) or a financing company (société de 
financement) within the meaning of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (the "Substitute Administrator"), the choice of which being subject to prior Rating 
Affirmation. 
Notwithstanding the resignation of the Administrator or the termination of its appointment as Administrator, 
the Administrator will continue to be bound by all its obligations under the Administrative Agreement until the 
earlier of (i) its replacement as Administrator in accordance with the Administrative Agreement, or (ii) the 
termination of the Administrative Agreement in accordance with the terms thereof (the "Service Termination 
Date"). The Administrator undertakes to act in good faith to assist any Substitute Administrator. 
Term and Termination of the Administrative Agreement 
The Administrative Agreement shall remain in effect for an intial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its intention 
to terminate the Administrative Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or the 
additional periods, as the case may be in which case the Administrative Agreement shall terminate at the end of 
such three-month period. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Administrative Agrement, the Administrative Agreement shall 
terminate: 
(a) 
on its term as defined above;

--- Page 97 ---
97 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(b) 
if earlier than its term as defined above, if the Issuer and any Substitute Administrator replacing (i) BNP 
Paribas as Administrator or (ii) a previous Administrator having replaced BNP Paribas as Administrator 
agree in writing to cease to be bound by the Administrative Agreement and execute another agreement 
for the performance of the services contemplated by the Administrative Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its term as defined above and upon failure to replace the Administrator (i) the last day of 
the ninety (90) calendar days period starting on the date of resignation of the Administrator, or (ii) the 
last day of the sixty (60) calendar days period starting on the date a Notice of Termination is delivered 
to the Administrator.  
The termination of the Administrative Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the termination of 
the appointment of BNP Paribas as Administrator thereunder on the relevant termination date of the 
Administrative Agreement. 
Limited Recourse – Non Petition - Amendements 
The Administrative Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, as 
described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - Non-
Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents".

--- Page 98 ---
98 
WS0101.32901144.1 
SUMMARY OF THE SFH LEGAL FRAMEWORK AND OTHER LEGAL ISSUES 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to the Issuer as société de 
financement de l'habitat (SFH) results from the following provisions (the "SFH Legal Framework") : 
 Articles L. 513-3, L. 513-5, L. 513-7 to L. 513-26 and L. 513-28 to L. 513-33 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as they may be amended from time to time); 
 Articles R. 513-1, R. 513-3, R. 513-4, R. 513-6 to R. 513-12, R. 513-14, R. 513-15 to R. 513-18 and R. 
513-19 to R. 513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as they 
may be amended from time to time); 
 the Regulation (réglement) no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 issued by the Comité de la Réglementation 
Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) (as it may be amended from time to 
time) (the "CRBF Regulation");  
 various Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution's instructions applicable to sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat. 
The main provisions of the SFH Legal Framework as of the date of this Base Prospectus are summarized 
below. The SFH Legal Framework applicable to the Issuer may be amended from time to time after the date of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Exclusive legal purpose 
In accordance with the current SFH Legal Framework, sociétés de financement de l'habitat (SFH) may only: 
(i) 
grant or finance home loans (prêts à l'habitat) and hold securities and instruments that comply with 
legal eligibility criteria;  
(ii) 
grant to any credit institution loans guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of the 
receivables arising from eligible home loans; 
(iii) 
acquire promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by credit institutions which represent receivables 
arising from eligible home loans; and  
(iv) 
issue obligations de financement de l'habitat (or incur other forms of borrowings benefiting from the 
Privilège) in order to finance these assets and may also issue ordinary bonds or raise other sources 
of financing which do not benefit from the Privilège, including mortgage promissory notes (billets à 
ordre hypothécaires). 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may carry out temporary transfers of securities, pledge a securities account 
and pledge or transfer all or part of the receivables held by them in accordance with the applicable provisions 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The receivables or securities thus 
transferred or pledged are not included in the cover pool (assiette du Privilège) defined in Article L. 513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and are not taken into account for the 
calculation of the Overcollateralisation Ratio. 
In order to hedge their interest and currency risks on loans, exposures, obligations de financement de l'habitat 
and other sources of financing benefiting from the Privilège, or to manage or hedge the global risk on their 
assets, liabilities and off balance sheet exposures, sociétés de financement de l'habitat may use derivative 
instruments as defined in Article L. 211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Pursuant to Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), any amounts due by the Issuer pursuant to these financial instruments, after applicable netting, 
benefit from the Privilège.  
A société de financement de l'habitat is not allowed to hold equity participations or other forms of equity 
interest issued by other companies.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
WS0101.32901144.1 
In addition:  
 in accordance with Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (nullités 
facultatives de la période suspecte) are not applicable to contracts concluded by a société de financement de 
l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such 
contracts or transactions are directly related to the transactions referred to in Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-
30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
 in accordance with Article L. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) of a shareholder of a société de financement de l'habitat cannot be extended to the société de 
financement de l'habitat itself; 
any service/loan agreement pursuant to which a société de financement de l'habitat has delegated to another 
credit institution or financing company (société de financement) the management or the recovery of loans, 
exposures, assimilated receivables, securities, instruments and bonds or other sources of financing may be 
immediately terminated upon the opening of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) affecting that credit institution or financing company (société 
de financement); and 
 in case of bankruptcy proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) of a société de financement de l'habitat, the Specific Controller will be responsible for filing 
claims on behalf of creditors benefiting from the Privilège. 
Eligible assets 
Pursuant to the SFH Legal Framework, the eligible assets of a société de financement de l'habitat (SFH) 
comprise, inter alia: 
(i) 
home loans (prêts à l'habitat) which are secured by a first-ranking mortgage (hypothèque de premier 
rang) or other real estate security interests that are equivalent to a first-ranking mortgage (sûreté 
immobilière conférant une garantie au moins équivalente) (within the meaning of Article R. 513-4 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) or that are guaranteed by 
a credit institution, a financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company; the 
property must be located in France or in any other Member State of the European Union or the EEA 
or the United Kingdom or in a State that qualifies for the credit quality step 1 (meilleur échelon de 
qualité de crédit) given by an external rating agency recognised by the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution as provided in Article L. 511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
loans granted to any credit institutions which are secured by the remittance, the transfer or the 
pledge of the receivables arising from the home loans referred to in (i) above; 
(iii) 
units or notes (other than subordinated units or subordinated notes) issued by organismes de 
titrisation, which are French securitisation vehicles, or other similar foreign vehicles within the 
limits and conditions set out in the SFH Legal Framework; 
(iv) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) governed by Articles L. 313-42 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which represent receivables arising from the 
secured home loans referred to in (i) above. 
In the case of the Issuer, the eligible assets are comprised of the Borrower Advances which are loans referred 
to in (ii) above granted by the Issuer to the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower 
Facility Agreement and that are fully secured by the transfers by way of security of the full title (remises en 
pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of Home Loan receivables in favour of the Issuer pursuant to the 
provisions of Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (the "Borrower Collateral Security") and the provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
WS0101.32901144.1 
While the Issuer does not intend to acquire eligible assets which are units or notes referred to in (iii) above or 
promissory notes referred to in (iv) above, it is not precluded from holding any such assets and reserves the 
right to acquire such assets in the future provided that such assets are originated by entities of the Group as 
well as any other type of assets that may become eligible to sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the future.  
In accordance with Article L. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, the sociétés de financement 
de l'habitat are not allowed to make any other investments, except investments in securities, instruments or 
deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid to be held as so-called substitution assets (valeurs de 
remplacement), as defined in Articles R. 513-6 and R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, such substitution assets (the "Legal Substitution Assets") include:  
(i) 
securities, instruments or deposits due or guaranteed by credit institutions or investment companies 
that qualify for the credit quality step 1 (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) established by an 
external rating agency recognized by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution; 
(ii) 
(ii) 
securities, instruments or deposits with a maturity of less than a hundred (100) days due or 
guaranteed by credit institutions or investment companies of a Member State of the European Union 
or the EEA that qualify for the credit quality step 2 (second meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) 
established by an external rating agency recognized by the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution;  
(iii) 
debt securities (titres de créances) issued or guaranteed by public sector entities referred to in 
paragraph I, 1 to 5, of Article L. 513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier); and  
(iv) 
debt securities (titres de créances) issued or guaranteed by a central administration of a Member 
state of the European Union and cash invested on accounts opened within the books of a central 
bank of a Member State of the European Union which comply with the criteria listed in 1(a) of 
Article 416 of the Capital Requirements Regulation no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as it may be 
amended from time to time). 
The total amount of such Legal Substitution Assets that a société de financement de l’habitat may hold is 
limited to fifteen per cent. (15%) of the sum of (i) the total outstanding nominal amount of the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat issued by such société de financement de l’habitat and (ii) the amount of the other 
sources of financing of such société de financement de l’habitat benefiting from the Privilège (the "Maximum 
Legal Substitution Assets Percentage"), save if substitution assets set out in paragraph (iv) above are held for 
the purpose of the coverage of the liquidity needs in accordance with provisions of Article R. 513-7 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) for which the limit applicable is the 
amount of such liquidity needs (see section "Asset monitoring - The Legal Liquidity Reserve"). In addition, 
pursuant to paragraph 2 of Article R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), certain substitution assets are not taken into account in the calculation of the above percentage such 
as, without limitation, any cash collateral received from credit institutions by the société de financement de 
l’habitat to secure all or part of its assets. 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-18 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat must keep the record of all loans made available by it or acquired by it. 
This record must specify the type and value of the security and guarantees attached to such loans and the type 
and amount of the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, the Issuer shall 
dispose of a system for measuring overall interest rate risks under the conditions set forth in Articles 134 to 
139 of the Arrêté dated 3 November 2014 relating to the internal control of credit institutions. The level of rate 
and maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities of the Issuer shall be verified by the Specific 
Controller. Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation and the instruction no 2011-I-07 relating to the publication by 
sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l’habitat of informations relating to the quality of the 
assets they are financing sociétés de financement de l'habitat must send to the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel 
et de résolution, no later than on 10 June of each year, information relating to the quality of the assets they are 
financing. This report is published within forty-five (45) calendar days of the general meeting approving the 
financial statements of the year then ended. In particular, the characteristics, details of the distribution of home 
loans and guarantees, the total of any unpaid amounts, the distribution of debts by amount and by category of

--- Page 101 ---
101 
WS0101.32901144.1 
debtors, the proportion of early repayments, and the level and sensitivity of the position of interest rates are 
required to be included as part of the latter report. Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must also publish the 
same information within forty-five (45) calendar days of the end of each quarter. The Issuer will comply with 
all the foregoing regulations.  
Financing portion (quotité de financement) 
Pursuant to Article R. 513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) to 
which Article R. 513-19 of the same code expressly refers, a société de financement de l’habitat may only 
finance the home loans through issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other resources 
benefiting from the Privilège up to the lowest of the following amounts:  
- the principal outstanding amount of the home loan;  
- the product of (i) the value of the financed real estate by guaranteed home loans or of the charged 
residential real estate for mortgage home loan and (ii) the applicable "financing portion" (quotité de 
financement) referred to in Article R.513-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) (which in respect of certain home loans is 80%). 
The Privilège (Statutory Priority in Right of Payment) and legal derogation to bankruptcy laws 
Obligations de financement de l'habitat are specialized covered bonds products that can only be issued by  
specialised credit institutions licensed and regulated in France as sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Obligations de financement de l'habitat benefit from the legal Privilège under French law which provides a 
priority in right of payment over all the assets and revenues of the société de financement de l'habitat to the 
holders of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged debt.  
The principal and interest of the Covered Bonds will benefit from the Privilège consisting in a statutory 
priority in right of payment provided by Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and pursuant to which, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including 
Book VI of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) on insolvency proceedings): 
(i) 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans or assimilated receivables, exposures and 
securities referred to in Articles L. 513-3 to L. 513-7 and L. 513-29 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and forward financial instruments referred to in 
Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in each 
case after any applicable set-off, together with the claims in respect of deposits made by the Issuer 
with credit institutions, shall be allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of 
obligations de financement de l'habitat (such as the Covered Bonds) and any other resources raised 
by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
in case of conciliation (conciliation), safeguard (sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) and judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer, the amounts due from time 
to time under the obligations de financement de l'habitat (including the Covered Bonds) or any other 
resources or liabilities benefiting from the Privilège, are to be paid on their contractual due date, and 
in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from 
agreements whatever their duration. Accordingly, until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège 
(including the Bondholders) have been paid in full, no other creditor of the Issuer may exercise any 
right over the assets and rights of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
the judicial liquidation of the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de 
financement de l'habitat and the other debts benefiting from the Privilège. 
With respect to the Issuer, the liabilities benefiting from the Privilège comprise the Issuer Hedging Costs, 
amounts due under the Covered Bonds, the Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs and certain 
amounts of fees and expenses due to the Administrator under the Administrative Agreement. It is reminded 
that the sums due by the Issuer under the Borrower Hedging Agreements do not benefit from the Privilège.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), a société de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio (ratio de couverture) 
between its eligible assets (including so-called substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement)) and its liabilities 
benefiting from the Privilège (the "Overcollateralisation Ratio"). As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
minimum legal Overcollateralisation Ratio provided in the SFH Legal Framework is of at least one hundred 
and five per cent (105%) (the "Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio"). For that purpose, when the 
assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to 
L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
which are not substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), the société de financement de l'habitat must take 
into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, 
the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Articles 8 and 
9 of Regulation no. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire 
et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee) define the way the Overcollateralisation Ratio is 
calculated. 
The Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) certifies that the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio is 
complied with every quarter and in case of issue of Covered Bonds which equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency. 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must declare their Overcollateralisation Ratio on 31 March, 30 June, 30 
September and 31 December of each year. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the latest published 
Overcollateralisation Ratioas of 31 December 2020 is 112.65  %. 
Liquidity needs 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-8 and R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must ensure, at all times, the coverage of their cash 
requirements for the next one hundred and eighty (180) days, taking into account expected flows in principal 
and interests under their assets and net flows relating to forward financial instruments set forth in Article 
L 513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). For that purpose, when 
the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40, L. 313-
23 to L. 313-35 and L. 313-42 to L. 313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), which are not substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), the société de financement de l'habitat 
must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the 
Issuer, the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the needs in cash must be covered by substitution assets (valeurs de 
remplacement) or by other assets that are eligible as collateral to the credit transactions (opérations de crédit) 
with the Banque de France in accordance with the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules of the 
Eurosystem.  
Pursuant to the CRBF Regulation, sociétés de financement de l’habitat must ensure that the average life of the 
eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum amount required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in 
Article R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), does not exceed 
more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that purpose, 
when the assets comprise receivables secured by collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), which are not substitution assets (valeurs de remplacement), the société de financement de 
l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the 
case of the Issuer, the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. With respect to the Issuer, this requirement would 
be taken into account in the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and for each issuance of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Subscription by the société de financement de l'habitat of its own obligations de financement de l'habitat 
as eligible collateral with the Banque de France 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a 
société de financement de l'habitat may subscribe to its own obligations de financement de l'habitat for the 
sole purpose of granting them as eligible collateral with the Banque de France in accordance with the rules of 
the Eurosystem, provided that the liquidity needs of the société de financement de l'habitat cannot be funded 
otherwise. Such recognition as eligible collateral will depend upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria as specified by the European Central Bank. The obligations de financement de l'habitat thus subscribed 
by the société de financement de l'habitat must meet the following conditions: 
 their outstanding principal amount does not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of the outstanding principal amount 
of any liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat benefiting from the Privilège on the subscription 
date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société de financement de l'habitat; 
 they are deprived of the rights provided for under Articles L. 228-46 to L. 228-89 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) for so long as they are held by the société de financement de 
l'habitat; 
 they are granted as collateral to the French central bank (Banque de France) or they are cancelled within 
the eight (8) calendar days from their settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as 
collateral, as applicable; and 
 they cannot be subscribed by a third party. 
The Specific Controller certifies these conditions are met in a report delivered to the Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution. 
CRD IV package and new capital requirements 
The framework of the Basel Committee for Banking Supervision has been implemented under EU legislation 
through the "CRD IV package" which consists of the Capital Requirements Directive no. 2013/36/EU dated 26 
June 2013 (as it may be amended from time to time) ("CRD IV") and the Capital Requirements Regulation no. 
575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as it may be amended from time to time) ("CRR"). A number of requirements 
arising from the CRD IV package was implemented under French law by the Banking Law, as amended by the 
Ordinance (as defined above). The implementation of the CRD IV package was finalized under French law by 
ordinance no. 2014-158 dated 20 February 2014 at the legislative level and several décrets and arrêtés dated 3 
November 2014. 
The implementation of CRD IV package has and will continue to bring about a number of substantial changes 
to the current capital requirements, prudential oversight and risk-management systems, including those of the 
Issuer. The direction and the magnitude of the impact of CRD IV package will depend on the particular asset 
structure of each bank and its precise impact on the Issuer cannot be quantified with certainty at this time. The 
Issuer may operate its business in ways that are less profitable than its present operation in complying with the 
new guidelines resulting from the transposition and application of the CRD IV package. 
In addition, the implementation of CRD IV package could affect the risk weighting of the Covered Bonds in 
respect of certain investors to the extent that those investors are subject to the new guidelines resulting from 
the implementation of the CRD IV package. Accordingly, recipients of this Base Prospectus should consult 
their own advisers as to the consequences and effects the implementation of the CRD IV package could have 
on them. 
The European Parliament and the Council of the European Union adopted the Directive no. 2019/878/EU dated 
20 May 2019 amending the CRD IV (the "CRD IV Revision" and together with the CRD IV, the "CRD V") 
and the Regulation no. 2019/876/EU dated 20 May 2019 amending the CRR (the "CRR Revision" and 
together with the CRR, the "CRR II" and together with the CRD V, the "CRD V package"). The CRD IV 
Revision was implemented under French law by the Ordonnance n°2020-1635 portant diverses dispositions 
d'adaptation de la législation au droit de l'Union Européenne en matière financière dated 21 December 2020 
and the Décret n°2020-1637 portant diverses dispositions d'adaptation au droit de l'Union européenne en 
matère financière et relative aux sociétés de financement dated 22 December 2020. Certain portions of the

--- Page 104 ---
104 
WS0101.32901144.1 
CRR Revision are already applicable (including those applicable to the new requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities and while others shall apply as from 28 June 2021, 1st January 2023 or 28 January 2023. 
The implementation of the current new texts, and their application to the Issuer and BNP Paribas or the taking 
of any action thereunder is currently uncertain. 
Future changes to the SFH Legal Framework 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and the Council and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the 
European Parliament and the Council (together, the "New EU Covered Bonds Framework") were definitely 
adopted on 27 November 2019 and published on 18 December 2019. The directive must be transposed by EU 
Member States before July 2021 and the New EU Covered Bonds Framework will be effective on 6 July 2022 
at the latest. 
The New EU Covered Bonds Framework is part of the Capital Markets Union action plan and aim to enable a 
more harmonized covered bond market in the European Union in order to improve the visibility and safety of 
covered bonds, as well as maintaining some elements arisen from regulations from the Member States of the 
European Union which have been useful for the bulding of such market.  
The directive covers in particular requirements for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing covered 
bonds as "European Covered Bonds", structural features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, 
liquidity...) and regulatory supervision. The regulation would mainly amend Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 
No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation (CRR)) and would add requirements on minimum 
overcollateralisation and substitution assets. The minimum overcollateralisation would be set at 2 % and 5 % 
depending on the assets in the cover pool, based on a nominal calculation method. 
Potential impact of this New EU Covered Bonds Framework on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds should be 
relatively limited but cannot yet be fully estimated, some aspects depending on transposition. 
Collateral Security 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Borrower Collateral Security 
The Borrower Collateral Security are governed by the provisions of Articles L. 211-36 to L. 211-40 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) implementing Directive 2002/47/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements, which has been 
amended by Directive 2009/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 May 2009 (the "EU 
Collateral Directive").  
Although these French laws are in full force and effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Bondholders 
should note that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret Articles L. 211-36 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Impact of the hardening period on the collateral security 
Article L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) states that the 
provisions of book VI of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) (pertaining to insolvency 
proceedings as a matter of French law) shall not impede ("ne font pas obstacle") the application of Articles L. 
211-36 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). This provision 
should lead to the conclusion that the rules pertaining to the nullity of acts concluded during the hardening 
period (période suspecte) (as provided for in Articles L. 632-1 and L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de Commerce)) will not apply in respect of guarantees governed by Article L. 211-38 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
The hardening period (période suspecte) is a period of time the duration of which is determined by the 
bankruptcy judge upon the judgement recognising that the cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) of 
the insolvent company has occurred. The hardening period commences on the date of such judgement and 
extends for up to eighteen (18) months previous to the date of such judgement.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Given the provisions of the EU Collateral Directive, it is reasonable to consider that Article L. 211-40 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) will exclude application of Article L. 632-
1-6° of French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce), which provides for an automatic nullity of security 
interest granted during the hardening period to secure past obligations of a debtor and, therefore, that the 
collateral security, which is governed by Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), would not be avoided on the basis of said Article L. 632-1-6° of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce).  
However, it cannot be excluded that Article L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) does not intend to overrule Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
Commerce), which provides for a potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à titre onéreux) if the 
counterparty of the debtor was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor was unable to pay 
its debts due with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). Should Article L. 632-2 of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) be deemed applicable, nullity of the collateral security could 
be sought, if the Issuer was aware, at the time where the collateral security was granted (or the subject of an 
addition or a substitution), that BNP Paribas was unable to pay its debt due with its available funds (en état de 
cessation des paiements). However, within the SFH Legal Framework applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat, Article L. 513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) provides 
that the provisions of Article L. 632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de Commerce) are not applicable 
to contracts concluded by a société de financement de l'habitat, or to legal transactions made by or in favour of 
société de financement de l'habitat, as far as such contracts or transactions are directly related to the 
transactions referred to in Articles L. 513-28 to L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). 
Disproportionate guarantee 
Pursuant to Article L. 650-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), a creditor may be held 
liable towards a bankrupt debtor if the credit transferred by it to such debtor entailed a damage and the security 
interest securing such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to that credit. In such case, such 
security interest may be void or reduced by the judge.  
However, there is only few French case law decisions interpreting and implementing the provisions of Article 
L. 650-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and accordingly, there is an uncertainty as to 
whether the provisions of Article L. 650-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) would apply 
to the Borrower Collateral Security. Moreover, Article L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) expressly provides that the provisions of book VI of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce) shall not impede (ne font pas obstacle) the application of Articles L. 211-36 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), save in case of fraud.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
WS0101.32901144.1 
THE MAIN PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the main Programme Documents entered into by the Issuer are as 
following. 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such Covered Bonds, in the following 
section. 
I. 
THE BORROWER FACILITY AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement. 
Background 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Covered Bonds under the Programme will be used by BNP Paribas 
Home Loan SFH, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to fund advances to be made available to BNP 
Paribas, as borrower (in such capacity, the "Borrower"). 
The Lender and the Borrower have agreed to enter into a borrower facility agreement (the "Borrower Facility 
Agreement") in order to determine the terms and conditions according to which the Lender shall grant the 
Borrower with advances under the Borrower Facility Agreement (each, a "Borrower Advance"). 
The Borrower 
The Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement is BNP Paribas. 
General information relating to BNP Paribas 
BNP Paribas is a French société anonyme incorporated in France and registered with the Registre du 
Commerce et des Sociétés in Paris under number 662 042 449 (APE business identifier code: 6419Z), licensed 
to conduct banking operations under the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
BNP Paribas is domiciled in France; its registered office is located at 16, boulevard des Italiens - 75009 Paris, 
France. BNP Paribas is governed by French and European regulation (such as French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), European Banking 
Authority guidelines ...) and by its Articles of Association. The Bank's purpose (Article 3 of the Articles of 
Association) is to provide and conduct the following services with any individual or legal entity, in France and 
abroad, subject to compliance with the French laws and regulations applicable: any and all investment services, 
any and all services related to investment activities, any and all banking transactions, any and all services 
related to banking transactions, any and all equity investments, as defined in the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) governing banking transactions, investment services and related 
services. The Bank’s legal life was extended on 17 September 1993 for a period of ninety-nine (99) years. 
Each financial year begins on 1 January and ends on 31 December.  
Share Capital 
The shares of BNP Paribas are listed on Euronext Paris. The shares are also traded on the SEAQ International 
in London and on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange, as well as on the MTA International Exchange in Milan. A 
Level 1 144A ADR programme is active in the USA. The ADRs are traded on OTCQX International Premier. 
On 15 June 2021, BNP Paribas share capital stood at €2.499.597.122 divided into 1.249.798.561 shares with a 
nominal value of 2 euros each. 
The shares are all fully paid-up and are held in registered or bearer form at the choice of their holders, subject 
to compliance with the relevant legal provisions. None of the BNP Paribas’ shares entitle their holders to an 
increased dividend or double voting rights or limit the exercise of voting rights.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Business Overview 
The Group is a European leading provider of banking and financial services and has four domestic retail 
banking markets in Europe, namely in Belgium, France, Italy and Luxembourg. It operates in seventy-three 68 
countries and has more than 193,000 employees, including nearly 148,000 in Europe. It holds key positions in 
its two main businesses: 
 Retail Banking and Services, which includes: 
- Domestic Markets, comprising: 
o 
French Retail Banking (FRB), 
o 
BNL banca commerciale (BNL bc), Italian retail banking, 
o 
Belgian Retail Banking (BRB), 
o 
Other Domestic Markets activities, including Arval, BNP Paribas Leasing Solutions, Personal 
Investors, Nickel and Luxembourg Retail Banking (LRB); 
- International Financial Services, comprising: 
o 
Europe-Mediterranean, 
o 
BancWest, 
o 
Personal Finance, 
o 
Insurance, 
o 
Wealth and Asset Management; 
 Corporate and Institutional Banking (CIB): 
o 
Corporate Banking, 
o 
Global Markets, 
o 
Securities Services 
BNP Paribas is the parent company of the BNP Paribas Group (together the "Group"). 
At 31 March 2021, the BNP Paribas Group had consolidated assets of €2,660 billion (compared to €2,488 
billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated loans and receivables due from customers of €822 billion 
(compared to €810 billion at 31 December 2020), consolidated items due to customers of €974 billion 
(compared to €941 billion at 31 December 2020) and shareholders' equity (Group share) of €113.8 billion 
(compared to €112.8 billion at 31 December 2020).  
At 31 March 2021, pre-tax income was €2.8 billion (compared to €1.8 billion as at 31 March 2020). Net 
income, attributable to equity holders, for the first quarter 2021 was €1.8 billion (compared to €1.3 billion for 
the first quarter 2020).  
Main Shareholders of BNP Paribas 
As at 31 December 2020, the main shareholders were Société Fédérale de Participations et d'Investissement 
("SFPI") a public-interest société anonyme (public limited company) acting on behalf of the Belgian 
government holding 7.7% of the share capital, BlackRock Inc holding 6.0% of the share capital and Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg holding 1.0% of the share capital. To BNPP's knowledge, no shareholder other than 
SFPI and BlackRock Inc. owns more than 5% of its capital or voting rights. 
Management and administration 
Pursuant to the Articles of Association of BNP Paribas, the business affairs of BNP Paribas are administered 
by the board of directors, which is composed of a total of not less than nine (9) nor more than eighteen (18) 
directors (excluding directors elected by employees). The board of directors currently comprises twelve (12) 
directors, plus two (2) additional directors elected, in accordance with the terms of the Articles of Association, 
by employees of BNP Paribas. In accordance with French law, the directors of BNP Paribas may be removed 
at any time, with or without cause. Each director is elected or appointed for a term of three (3) years. The board

--- Page 108 ---
108 
WS0101.32901144.1 
of directors elects a chairman from among its members and also establishes the term of the appointment of the 
chairman that may not exceed the period or remaining period, as the case may be, of the chairman's 
appointment as a member of the board of directors. 
Control 
As a regulated bank, BNP Paribas is subject to oversight by the French financial regulators (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution, Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire, Banque de France, Autorité des 
Marchés Financiers, etc.). 
Accounting regulations and methods 
BNP Paribas presents its accounts according to the provisions in use in all private industrial and commercial 
companies and is subject to tax in the same way as any commercial entity. 
The statutory auditors (Commissaires aux comptes) of BNP Paribas are currently the following: 
Deloitte & Associés was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 for 
a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial 
statements for the year ending 31 December 2023. The firm was first appointed at the Annual General Meeting 
of 23 May 2006. 
Deloitte & Associés is represented by Laurence Dubois. 
Deputy: 
Société BEAS, 195, avenue Charles-de-Gaulle, Neuilly-sur-Seine (92), France, SIREN No. 315 172 445, 
Nanterre trade and companies register. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 
May 2018 for a six-year period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve 
the financial statements for the year ending 31 December 2023. The firm was first appointed at the Annual 
General Meeting of 26 May 1994. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit is represented by Patrice Morot. 
Deputy: 
Jean-Baptiste Deschryver, 63, Rue de Villiers, Neuilly-sur-Seine (92), France. 
Mazars was re-appointed as Statutory Auditor at the Annual General Meeting of 24 May 2018 for a six-year 
period expiring at the close of the Annual General Meeting called in 2024 to approve the financial statements 
for the year ending 31 December 2018. The firm was first appointed at the Annual General Meeting of 23 May 
2000. 
Mazars is represented by Virgnie Chauvin. 
Deputy: 
Charles de Boisriou, 28 rue Fernand Forest, 92150 Suresnes (92), France. 
Deloitte & Associés, PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, and Mazars are registered as Statutory Auditors with the 
Versailles Regional Association of Statutory Auditors, under the authority of the French National Accounting 
Oversight Board (Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux comptes). 
The financial statements of BNP Paribas must be endorsed by its board of directors and, within six (6) months 
following the end of each financial year, are submitted, together with the statutory auditors' report, for 
examination by the shareholders meeting of BNP Paribas.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Borrower Advances 
The Borrower Advances shall be made available to the Borrower in an aggregate maximum amount equal to 
€ 40,000,000,000 (the "Borrower Facility Commitment") for the purpose of financing the general financial 
needs of the Borrower and, in particular, any Affiliate Advance (as described in "The Affiliates, the Affiliate 
Facility Agreements and the Affiliate Collateral Security") under any Affiliate Facility Agreement (as 
described in "The Affiliates, the Affiliate Facility Agreements and the Affiliate Collateral Security"). 
Pursuant to the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower shall send to the Administrator (with a copy to the 
Issuer acting as the Lender under the Borrower Facility Agreement) a duly completed drawdown request (a 
"Drawdown Request") in respect of the Borrower Advance to be made available under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement. Upon receipt of a Drawdown Request by the Administrator (with copy to the Lender), the Lender, 
together with the Administrator, shall elaborate (i) corresponding Final Terms of the Covered Bonds to be 
issued to fund such Drawdown Request, and (ii) final terms of Borrower Advance ("Final Terms of Borrower 
Advance") reflecting the terms and conditions of such corresponding Final Terms of the Covered Bonds, save 
in respect of Borrower Advances financed by Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, which Final Terms of Borrower 
Advance shall not provide for an extended maturity date. 
The Borrower may (i) accept the terms and conditions of the Final Terms of Borrower Advance proposed by 
the Administrator and the Lender, in which case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance shall be definitive 
between the Borrower and the Lender and a Borrower Advance shall be made available according to such Final 
Terms of Borrower Advance, or (ii) refuse the terms and conditions of such Final Terms of Borrower Advance, 
in which case such Final Terms of Borrower Advance and the relevant Drawdown Request shall be considered 
as null and void between the Borrower and the Lender. 
Principal and interest amounts 
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower 
Advance shall mirror the equivalent terms and conditions of the Corresponding Final Terms of Covered Bonds, 
it being provided that, as a principle, the interest to be paid by the Borrower under a Borrower Advance shall 
be the financing costs of the Lender under the Covered Bonds funding such Borrower Advance. The terms and 
conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower Advance shall 
be further described hereunder and in the relevant Final Terms of Borrower Advance. Any amounts repaid or 
prepaid under any Borrower Advance shall not be re-borrowed. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Lender, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Borrower Facility Agreement and 
continuing until all sums due by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement shall have been repaid 
in full. 
Main other terms 
The Borrower Facility Agreement also provides for: 
(a) 
(i) customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Borrower to the Lender 
under the Borrower Facility Agreement and (ii) corresponding tax gross-up provision relating to 
payments to be made by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 9(b) of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the Lender on account of tax 
on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the Borrower Facility Agreement by the 
Lender from the Borrower or any liability in respect of any such payment is asserted, imposed, levied or 
assessed against the Lender; 
(c) 
customary "increased costs" provisions; 
(d) 
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Borrower.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
WS0101.32901144.1 
The Borrower Facility Agreement will provide for the payment by the Borrower to the Issuer of commissions 
covering all the costs and expenses related to the structuring and the updating of the Programme, all the costs 
and expenses related to the issuance of Covered Bonds and taxes of the Issuer during the Programme. 
Borrower Events of Default  
Each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement (each, a "Borrower Event of Default"): 
(a) 
the Borrower fails to pay any sum due under the Borrower Facility Agreement when due, in the 
currency and in the manner specified herein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to 
an administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems 
reasonably used by the Borrower and such payment is made by the Borrower within three (3) Business 
Days of such non-payment, such non-payment shall not constitute a Borrower Event of Default; 
(b) 
a Breach of Pre-Maturity Test occurs; 
(c) 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test occurs; 
(d) 
a Breach of Affiliate Debt Commingling Funding Requirement occurs; 
(e) 
a Breach of Interest Reserve Funding Requirement occurs; 
(f) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Borrower, in the Borrower Facility Agreement or 
in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or in connection 
herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the 
same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Administrator or 
the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the Borrower has knowledge of the 
same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the 
holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(g) 
the Borrower fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Administrator or the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Borrower or (if sooner) the 
Borrower has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is 
prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds;  
(h) 
as regards the Borrower, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(i) 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement 
of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Borrower) occurs which is or could be 
reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, assets, business or 
operations of the Borrower and (ii) the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations or the 
financial covenants under any of the Programme Documents;  
(j) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Borrower to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Borrower Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the 
Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding;  
(k) 
a Breach of Maximum Legal Substitution Assets Limit has occurred and is continuing and the license of 
the Issuer as a société de financement de l'habitat has been withdrawn following such breach. 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or the Issuer 
Independent Representative) shall, by written notice (such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to the 
Borrower (with copy to (ii) the Issuer Independent Representative (if the Borrower Enforcement Notice is 
delivered by the Administrator), (ii) the Administrator (if the Borrower Enforcement Notice is delivered by the 
Issuer Independent Representative) and (iii) (in each instance) the Rating Agencies), (x) declare that (i) no 
further Borrower Advances shall be available under the Borrower Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then 
outstanding Borrower Advances are immediately due and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Lender 
under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and the Cash Collateral Agreement for the repayment of

--- Page 111 ---
111 
WS0101.32901144.1 
any sum due by the Borrower under the Borrower Borrower Facility Agreement and not paid by the Borrower 
(whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration) (a "Borrower Enforcement Notice"). 
Borrower's indemnities  
Under the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Borrower undertakes to indemnify the Lender against: 
(a) 
any cost, claim, loss, expense (including legal fees) or liability (other than reasonable consequential 
losses including loss of profit), which it may (acting reasonably) sustain or incur as a consequence of 
the occurrence of any Borrower Event of Default or any default by the Borrower in the performance of 
any of the obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Borrower Facility Agreement, for the 
avoidance of doubt, these costs, losses and expenses include, without limitation, any Administrative and 
Tax Cost, any Issuer Hedging Cost, any Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Cost and any other 
servicing fee or ancillary cost benefiting from the Privilège sustained or incurred by the Lender as from 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default until the full redemption of the Covered Bonds; and 
(b) 
(other than by reason of negligence or default by the Lender) any loss it may suffer or incur as a result 
of its funding or making arrangements to fund a Borrower Advance requested by the Borrower under 
the Borrower Facility Agreement but not made by reason of the operation of any one or more of the 
provisions of the Borrower Facility Agreement. 
In addition, the Borrower undertakes to hold the Issuer harmless against any liabilities that the Issuer may incur 
in connection with its funding or making arrangements to fund, through the issuance of Covered Bonds or 
otherwise, any Borrower Advance made available to the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement 
(including but not limited to any indemnity payable by the Lender (in its capacity as Issuer) to any party under 
any Programme Documents and any termination costs due and payable by the Lender under any Hedging 
Agreement which would not be subordinated to the full and final redemption of the then outstanding Covered 
Bonds). 
Guarantee 
Subject to customary legal limitation under French law, the Borrower, as guarantor (in such capacity, the 
"Guarantor") irrevocably and unconditionally, (i) jointly and severally guarantees (caution solidaire) to the 
Lender the due and punctual observance and performance of the terms, conditions and covenants under each 
Affiliate Facility Agreement (as described in "The main Programme Documents - The Affiliates, the 
Affiliate Facility Agreements and the Affiliate Collateral Security") on the part of each relevant Affiliate 
(as described in "The main Programme Documents - The Affiliate Facility Agreements") (other than an 
Excluded Affiliate), including the payment of the Guaranteed Liabilities, and agrees to pay from time to time 
on demand of the Administrator any and every sum or sums of money which is at any time payable to the 
Lender in respect of the Guaranteed Liabilities and (ii) agrees as a primary obligation to indemnify the Lender 
from time to time on demand of the Administrator from and against any loss incurred by the Lender as a result 
of any of the obligations of any Affiliate (other than an Excluded Affiliate) under or pursuant to the 
Programme Documents being or becoming void, voidable, unenforceable or ineffective as against such 
Affiliate for any reason whatsoever, whether or not known to the Lender or any other person, the amount of 
such loss being the amount which the Lender would otherwise have been entitled to recover from such 
Affiliate. 
For such purposes,  
"Guaranteed Liabilities" means all present and future payment obligations (whether actual or contingent and 
whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of each and any Affiliate under each 
and any Affiliate Facility Agreement; and 
"Excluded Affiliate" means any of the Affiliates which the Borrower and the Lender agree in writing to 
designate as such. 
Broken Funding Indemnity  
If, as a consequence of the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Lender receives or recovers all or 
any part of a Borrower Advance otherwise than as described or scheduled under the relevant Finals Terms of

--- Page 112 ---
112 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Borrower Advance, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand an amount equal to the amount (if any) of 
the difference (if positive) between (x) the additional interest which would have been payable on the amount so 
received or recovered had such Borrower Event of Default not occurred, and (y) the amount of interest which 
the Lender reasonably determines would have been payable to the Lender on the last day of the term thereof in 
respect of a deposit equal to the amount so received or recovered placed by it with a prime bank for a period 
starting on the third (3rd) Business Day following the date of such receipt or recovery and ending on the last 
day of the term thereof. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petition - Amendments 
The Borrower Facility Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - 
Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents". 
II. 
THE BORROWER COLLATERAL SECURITY AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Background 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Programme Date 
and made between (i) the Issuer, in its capacity as "Lender", and (ii) BNP Paribas, in its respective capacity as 
"Borrower", "Administrator" and "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the "Borrower Collateral Security Agreeme"). 
Borrower Secured Liabilities 
In order to secure the full and timely payment of all and any amounts (whether in principal, interest, fees, 
indemnities or guarantees) owed by the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement, whether present or 
future and whether in its capacity as "Borrower" or "Guarantor" (the "Borrower Secured Liabilities") 
which constitute financial obligations (obligations financières) within the meaning of Article L. 211-36 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Borrower undertakes to, from time to 
time throughout the Borrower Security Period, and in accordance with Articles L. 211-38 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), transfer by way of security to the benefit of the 
Issuer the full title (remettre en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of Home Loan receivables. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower Collateral Security shall secure all the Borrower Secured Liabilities 
taken as a whole so that there is no segregation between the Borrower Collateral Security Assets depending on, 
notably, the Selection Date on which they were transferred.  
Eligible Assets 
For the purposes of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" means any Home Loan 
Receivable that meets the requirements of the SFH Legal framework and complies or whose underlying Home 
Loan complies (each, a "relevant Home Loan") with all the following eligibility criteria (the "Home Loan 
Eligibility Criteria"):  
(a) 
prior to the date upon which the relevant Home Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, 
all scoring, lending criteria and conditions precedent as applied by the originator of such relevant Home 
Loan pursuant to its customary lending procedures were satisfied; 
(b) 
the underlying property is located in the jurisdiction of the originator of the relevant Home Loan; 
(c) 
the relevant Home Loan is governed by the law of the jurisdiction where the originator of the relevant 
Home Loan is located; 
(d) 
the relevant Home Loan is denominated in Euro or in a Specified Currency; 
(e) 
all sums due under the relevant Home Loan (including interest and costs) are secured by a fully 
effective Home Loan Security;

--- Page 113 ---
113 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(f) 
on the date on which the Borrower notifies the other parties that the relevant Home Loan is effectively 
transferred as Borrower Collateral Security (the "Selection Date"), the current principal balance of such 
Home Loan is no more than Euro 1,000,000 or its equivalent in the Specified Currency; 
(g) 
the Loan-To-Value of the relevant Home Loan is no more than one hundred per cent. (100%); 
(h) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the remaining term for the relevant Home Loan is less than thirty (30) 
years; 
(i) 
on the relevant Selection Date, the borrower under the relevant Home Loan has paid at least one (1) 
instalment (in principal and/or interest) in respect of the Home Loan, and to the best of the knowledge 
of the Borrower or any Affiliate, the borrower under the Home Loan is not subject to a recovery plan 
within the framework of a reconciliation carried out by a commission for the examination of the over-
indebtedness of individuals (commission de surendettement des particuliers) or of a jurisdiction, 
whether pursuant to the provisions of Title III of Book III of the French Consumer Code (Code de la 
consommation) or of Article 1343-5 of the French Civil Code (Code civil) (formerly Article 1244-1 of 
the French Civil Code (Code civil)), including any conservatory measures or forced execution measures 
which the borrower under the Home Loan may apply, as the case may be, on the financed or charged 
residential real estate property; 
(j) 
the borrower under the relevant Home Loan is an individual or individuals through a société civile 
immobilière who is not an employee of the originator of such relevant Home Loan; 
(k) 
the relevant Home Loan is current (i.e. does not present any arrears) as at the Selection Date; 
(l) 
the borrower under the relevant Home Loan does not benefit from a contractual right of set off; 
(m) 
the opening by the borrower under the relevant Home Loan of a bank account dedicated to payments 
due under such relevant Home Loan is not provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements as a 
condition precedent to the originator of such relevant Home Loan making such relevant Home Loan 
available to the borrower under such relevant Home Loan; and 
(n) 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, no amount drawn under the relevant Home Loan is capable of being 
redrawn by the borrower thereof (i.e. the Home Loan is not flexible). 
If it is confirmed that a relevant Home Loan ceases to comply with any of the Home Loan Eligibility Criteria 
(each, an "Ineligible Home Loan"), any Home Loan receivables transferred as Borrower Collateral Security 
under such Ineligible Home Loan shall account for zero for the purpose of calculation of the Asset Cover Test 
on the relevant Asset Cover Test Date (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring - Asset Cover Test"). In 
addition, the Borrower may request that such Ineligible Home Loan receivables be released from the scope of 
the Borrower Collateral Security.  
The Home Loan Eligibility Criteria may be amended from time to time subject to prior Rating Affirmation. 
For the purpose hereof:  
"Construction"" means any residential property, provided that the construction itself has been terminated on 
the Selection Date. 
"Home Loan" means each and any loan originated by the Borrower or any Affiliate financing (i) the 
Construction or the acquisition of a residential real estate property, and/or (ii) the acquisition of land for 
Construction and the cost of works for the Construction of a residential real estate property, and/or (iii) the cost 
of works carried out for the Construction or transformation of a surface, by way of extension or renovation, 
with a view of creating or expanding a residential real estate property, and/or (iv) debt consolidation of loans 
including only the three categories as described in (i), (ii), (iii) above (excluding any debt consolidation of 
consumer loans). 
"Home Loan Receivable" means each and any loan receivable arising from any Home Loan. 
"Home Loan Security" means together the Mortgages or the Home Loan Guarantees.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
WS0101.32901144.1 
"Home Loan Guarantee" means (i) each and any joint and several guarantee or other type of guarantee 
provided by a credit institution or a financing company (société de financement) of the EEA specialised in the 
guaranteeing of loans financing the acquisition of residential real estate property and guaranteeing the Home 
Loans; or (ii) each and any financial guarantee or other type of guarantee provided by insurance companies or 
mutual insurance companies and guaranteeing the Home Loans. 
"Loan-to-Value" means in respect of a Home Loan, the ratio between the outstanding principal amount of a 
Home Loan Receivable at the relevant Selection Date and the valuation amount of the financed or charged 
residential real estate property as at the origination date of such Home Loan. 
"Mortgage" means each duly registered first ranking mortgage (and in particular in respect of Home Loans 
governed by French law, any hypothèque) or similar first ranking legal privilege (and in particular in respect of 
Home Loans governed by French law, any privilège de prêteur de deniers) securing the repayment of any 
given Home Loan and applying to the residential real estate property financed by the relevant Home Loan. 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
Eligible Assets shall be validly transferred as Borrower Collateral Security and shall qualify as "Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets" for the purposes of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement only upon 
satisfaction of numerous conditions precedents, including in particular that the same shall have been duly 
identified in the Borrower's IT systems. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower Collateral Security Assets may comprise Affiliate Collateral Security 
Assets that were previously transferred in full title as security to the Borrower in accordance with the 
provisions of any Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement (see section "The main Programme Documents" - 
"The Affiliate Collateral Security Agreements". 
Transfers 
In accordance with paragraphs I and II, 1°) of Articles L. 211-38 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), the Borrower Collateral Security shall be constituted by transfers of Eligibles 
Assets, such transfers being enforceable against third parties without further formalities, other than the 
identification of the transferred (remises en pleine propriété) Eligible Assets in the relevant Transfer 
Certificate delivered to the Issuer by the Borrower in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower 
Collateral Security Agreement. 
Any Eligible Asset transferred subject to, and in accordance with, the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement 
will automatically form part of the Borrower Collateral Security until final release and discharge, but without 
prejudice to substitutions and partial releases which may occur in accordance with the provisions of the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
For the whole duration of the Borrower Collateral Security, the Issuer has full legal title over the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets. The Borrower Collateral Security shall be effective as long as the Borrower Secured 
Liabilities have not been fully and irrevocably discharged on the Discharged Date. It shall not be considered as 
satisfied or discharged or prejudiced by any intermediate payment, satisfaction or settlement of any part of the 
Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
In particular, the Issuer may use, re-use or dispose fot its own benefit of all or part of the Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets at any time as long as the Borrower Collateral Security is continuing, notably by transferring, 
pledging or otherwise using as collateral security such Borrower Collateral Security Assets, provided that the 
Issuer shall be liable to return such Borrower Collateral Security Assets to the Borrower if and when required 
in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. The Issuer shall inform the 
Borrower of such use. The Issuer may use the Borrower Collateral Security Assets as collateral eligible to 
credit transactions with the Banque de France in accordance with the monetary and intra-day credit operations 
rules of the Eurosystem and in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Documents if necessary to 
finance any liquidity needs in order to comply with its obligations under the SFH Legal framework. 
"Transfer Certificate" means a full title transfer certificate (certificat de transfert) substantially in the form 
provided by the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement to be remitted by the Borrower to the Issuer.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Asset Monitoring and Asset Cover Test 
The Borrower shall monitor the Borrower Collateral Security Assets so as to at all times comply with the Asset 
Cover Test (as further described in "Asset Monitoring – The Asset Cover Test").  
In particular, the Borrower may at any time add, substitute or release Borrower Collateral Security Assets 
(including Home Loan receivables arising from Ineligible Home Loans) from the scope of the Borrower 
Collateral Security. However, any such addition, substitution and/or release shall be effective only subject to 
confirmation by the Issuer Calculation Agent that a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test (as defined below) 
would not occur as a result of such addition, substitution and/or release. For such purpose, the Issuer 
Calculation Agent shall re calculate the Asset Percentage (as defined in "Asset Monitoring – The Asset 
Cover Test") that would be applicable following such addition, substitution and/or release each time any such 
addition, substitution or release is requested by the Borrower. 
Asset Servicing 
The Issuer has full title over the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. However, the Borrower is entitled to 
keep and dispose of any collections received under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, subject to the 
provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
Until enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security in accordance with the terms and subject to the 
provisions described below, the servicing management and recovery of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets shall continue to be carried out by the Borrower. 
The Borrower shall perform the servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets in accordance with 
applicable laws and its customary servicing procedures (the "Servicing Procedures"), using the degree of 
skill, care and attention as for the servicing of its assets for its own account, without interfering with the 
Issuer's material rights under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. 
The Borrower shall provide the Issuer with: (i) on each Asset Cover Test Date, an asset report (the "Asset 
Report") up-to-date as at the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding such Asset 
Cover Test Date, and (if different from an Asset Cover Test Date) on each date upon which a Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets is selected by the Borrower for inclusion in the scope of the Borrower Collateral 
Security. Each Asset Report shall include the relevant data and information with respect to the relevant assets. 
The Borrower shall furthermore, in accordance with the Servicing Procedures, establish, maintain or cause to 
be maintained and furthermore administer at all times accurate, complete and up-to-date records with respect to 
the Borrower Collateral Security Assets.  
For the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether the Borrower Collateral Security Assets remain Eligible 
Assets or control Asset Reports, the Issuer (or any agent acting on its behalf) is granted the access to the 
Borrower's premises or to premises where the Asset Records are located, in order to inspect or audit such Asset 
Records (such right of inspection or audit including taking copies of all or any document or data). 
If a Servicing Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Administrator will notify the Issuer in writing of the occurrence 
of such event and then within thirty (30) Business Days of such occurrence, the Issuer and the Borrower will, 
in accordance with provisions of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), use reasonable endeavours to appoint a new servicer (whose (i) long-term senior 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations (if rated) are rated at least BBB by S&P or (ii) 
long-term senior issuer default rating (IDR) (if rated) is rated at least BBB- by Fitch Ratings), for the servicing 
of the collateral security assets transferred by the Affiliates and the Borrower. 
For such purposes, "Servicing Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which: 
(i) 
the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Borrower 
become rated below BBB by S&P; or 
(ii) 
the long-term senior issuer default rating (IDR) of the Borrower becomes rated below BBB- by 
Fitch Ratings;

--- Page 116 ---
116 
WS0101.32901144.1 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
For the purpose hereof:  
"Asset Records" means  
(a) 
the computer and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information (including 
information stored in information systems) related to the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, together 
with the underlying contracts and other documents evidencing title of the relevant entity to such assets 
(including, with respect to Home Loans, the related Home Loan Security); and 
(b) 
the records, files, internal data, computer systems and all other information related to the Collection 
Accounts and the operation of the same. 
"Collection Accounts" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of the Borrower and the Affiliates 
to collect interest and principal paid under the Home Loan receivables transferred as Borrower Collateral 
Security, as specified from time to time to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement.  
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Borrower has made customary representations, warranties and undertakings in favour of the Issuer, such 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement and continuing until satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
Affiliate Debt Commingling Trigger Event and Affiliate Debt Commingling Account 
Upon downgrading of the credit rating of the Borrower below:  
(a) 
by S&P: A-1 (short-term); or 
(b) 
by Fitch Ratings: 
(i) 
F1 (short-term) and A (long-term), if the asset balance reporting frequency is greater than a 
month; or 
(ii) 
F2 (short-term) and BBB (long-term), if the asset balance reporting frequency is a month or 
shorter (and as long as there is no payment interruption risk); or 
(c) 
after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations 
and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds)  
(the "Affiliate Debt Commingling Trigger Event") and within fourteen (14) calendar days from the 
occurrence of such Affiliate Debt Commingling Trigger Event: 
- the Borrower and each relevant Affiliate shall take all necessary steps so that all and any amounts owed 
by any Affiliates under any Affiliate Facility, are paid into the credit of a single dedicated bank account 
to be opened within such period in the Issuer’s name and in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (the 
"Affiliate Debt Commingling Account"); and 
- the Borrower shall grant any cash amount standing on the credit of the Affiliate Debt Commingling 
Account as Cash Collateral (gage-espèces) for the benefit of the Issuer so as to secure as they become 
due and payable the payments of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
All cash credited to the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account as described above shall be granted as Cash 
Collateral subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement and shall 
secure the Borrower Secured Liabilities as they become due and payable.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Failure by the Borrower to fund the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account up to the required amount within the 
required period following the occurrence date of the Affiliate Debt Commingling Trigger Event shall constitute 
a "Breach of Affiliate Debt Commingling Funding Requirement" within the meaning of the Cash Collateral 
Agreement. A Breach of Affiliate Debt Commingling Funding Requirement constitutes the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement following the 
occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default: 
(a) 
the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf) 
shall be entitled to notify to any debtor the transfer of any Borrower Collateral Security Asset made to 
its benefit in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement and the corresponding Transfer 
Certificate or Substitution Certificate;  
(b) 
each such notice shall take the form of a notice ("Notice to Debtor") mentioning the new payment 
instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment of sums due under the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation. In any such case, any 
relevant debtor shall then pay the sums payable by it under each transferred receivables directly to the 
Issuer. Any payment made by any debtor to the Borrower as from the date of receipt of a Notice to 
Debtor will not discharge such debtor of its obligations under the relevant Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation; 
(c) 
the Issuer (represented by the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf) 
shall exercise all its rights, discretions, privileges and remedies under the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets, or any related Asset Records and related documents, including, without formality whatsoever, 
all rights of title, all discretions, benefits and all other rights in relation to any right, privilege, guarantee 
or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as the case may be 
attached to such Borrower Collateral Security Assets (and, in particular, any and all relevant Home 
Loan Security) whatever the value of Borrower Collateral Security Assets at the time of the service of 
the Borrower Enforcement Notice and shall be entitled to dispose of, transfer, sale or cause to be sold, 
any or all of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets, but subject to the repayment claim (créance de 
restitution) of the Borrower against the Issuer; 
(d) 
the Borrower shall no longer be entitled to service or cause to be serviced the Borrower Collateral 
Security Assets and shall refrain from taking any action whatsoever in connection with the Borrower 
Collateral Security Assets or vis à vis the debtors, except upon the written prior instructions of the 
Issuer, the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on the Issuer’s or the 
Administrator’s behalf; and 
(e) 
upon the instructions of the Issuer, the Administrator or any representative, agent or expert acting on the 
Issuer’s or the Administrator’s behalf (each, an "Enforcing Party"), the Borrower shall: 
(i) 
deliver such Asset Records and related documents as well as the deeds, acts, agreements and 
contractual documents governing the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and Asset Contractual 
Documentation to the Enforcing Party to such place as the same may reasonably designate; 
(ii) 
grant the Enforcing Party reasonable access to its facilities, premises, computer and/or software 
systems; and 
(iii) take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have 
been appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its 
duties in such capacity. 
For the purpose hereof: 
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any and all Borrower Collateral Security Assets, all 
originals or executive or true copies (copies exécutoires) of any contract, instrument or other document (such

--- Page 118 ---
118 
WS0101.32901144.1 
as riders, waivers and amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing title and 
benefit to, such Borrower Collateral Security Assets and any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest 
(droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou sûreté) ancillary or as the case may be attached thereto (and, in 
particular, any and all relevant Home Loan Security). 
For the avoidance of doubt, no right of the Issuer to enforce the Borrower Collateral Security shall be in any 
manner affected or limited by any Insolvency Event with respect to the Borrower or any of its assets, pursuant 
to Article L. 211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Application of proceeds 
Following the service of any Notice to Debtor in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower Collateral 
Security, any principal and interest payments, distributions, sale or liquidation proceeds and other sums under 
the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and/ or the related Asset Contractual Documentation (together, 
the "Collections ") received by the Issuer thereunder shall be applied (together with any Cash Collateral 
enforced in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement) towards the satisfaction in full 
of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
Subject to the discharge in full of all the Borrower Secured Liabilities, the Borrower shall have the right to (i) 
claim against the Issuer for repayment (créance de restitution) of the portion of the Collections received by the 
Issuer and not applied to the satisfaction of the Borrower Secured Liabilities and (ii) request the final release of 
the Borrower Collateral Security for any remaining outstanding Borrower Collateral Security Assets from the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. Such repayment by 
the Issuer to the Borrower shall be made as soon as reasonably practicable following the day upon which all 
sums due under any and all the Tranches and Series of Covered Bonds shall have been repaid in full.  
For the avoidance of doubt, such claim for repayment of the Borrower (créance de restitution) does not benefit 
from the privilege referred to in Article L. 513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier). 
In the event that the Borrower Secured Liabilities have not been fully satisfied applying the Collections in 
accordance with the provisions above, the Issuer will have a claim against the Borrower for the sums 
remaining unpaid under the Borrower Secured Liabilities and may take any further steps against the Borrower 
to recover any such unpaid sum. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petition - Amendments 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" 
provisions, as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's 
Activities - Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme 
Documents". 
III. 
THE CASH COLLATERAL AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Background 
The Cash Collateral Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Programme Date and made 
between (i) the Issuer in its capacity as "Lender", and (ii) BNP Paribas in its capacity as "Cash Collateral 
Provider" (the "Cash Collateral Provider"), "Administrator" and "Calculation Agent" (the "Cash Collateral 
Agreement"). 
Borrower Secured Liabilities 
The Cash Collateral Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions upon which the Cash Collateral Provider 
shall fund certain amounts as cash collateral (gage espèces) (each, a "Cash Collateral") into the Cash 
Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account so as to secure the Borrower Secured 
Liabilities.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Creation and Perfection 
Any Cash Collateral shall be created upon credit of the corresponding sums into the Cash Collateral Account 
and the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account.  
The perfection of each Cash Collateral shall not be conditional upon any formality. Each Cash Collateral shall 
entail the transfer of title in favour of the Issuer with respect to the relevant cash funded into the Cash 
Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account. 
The positive balance from time to time outstanding on the the Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt 
Commingling Account shall at all times be kept and vested with the Issuer, form part of the Issuer's assets and 
be applied to the repayment of the Secured Liabilities.  
Any such balance at any time standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt 
Commingling Account may be invested only in Permitted Investments whose maturity is earlier than the Final 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. For the purpose of each Cash Collateral to be created 
hereunder, the Issuer shall be hereby entitled not to segregate the funds credited to the Cash Collateral Account 
and the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account from its other assets. 
Cash Collateral Account 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount determined in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement to meet certain liquidity tests as more 
described in section entitled "Asset Monitoring - The Legal Liquidity Reserve","Asset Monitoring - The 
Pre-Maturity Test" and "The Interest Reserve" of this Base Prospectus. 
Remuneration 
The Issuer shall pay interest (each, an "Interest Payment") to the Cash Collateral Provider in respect of the 
principal amount of each of the Cash Collateral funded subject to, and in accordance with, the terms of the 
Cash Collateral Agreement. Each Interest Payment will accrue daily on each of such Cash Collateral at the 
Interest Rate. Each Interest Payment will be calculated for each Interest Period on each relevant Interest 
Payment Date for the Interest Period. On the contrary, subject to the SFH Legal Framwork, if any of the Cash 
Collateral is funded or invested in an account opened in the name of the Issuer and is remunerated at a rate that 
is or become negative, the Cash Collateral Provider shall refund such negative remuneration to the Issuer. 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Rate" means the lesser of (i) EONIA flat, or (ii) the remuneration received by the Issuer in 
investing the cash standing to the credit of (as applicable) the Cash Collateral Account and the 
Affiliate Debt Commingling Account during the relevant Interest Period. 
"Business Day" means a day on which the banks are open for business in Paris and in London 
(excluding in any event Saturday and Sunday). 
"Interest Payment Date" means the last day of each Interest Period. If an Interest Payment Date 
falls on a day other than a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed on the next 
Business Day.  
"Interest Period" means, with respect to each Cash Collateral, a period of three (3) calendar 
months. The first Interest Period with respect to each Cash Collateral will start from and including 
any date upon which such Cash Collateral is funded subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
terms hereof, and will end on but excluding the last day of the three-month period following such 
date. Each following Interest Period with respect to such Cash Collateral will be the period from, 
and including, the preceding Interest Payment Date to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment 
Date.  
The Interest Payments due with respect to each Cash Collateral shall accrue on a day-to-day basis and shall be 
credited on each Interest Payment Date to (as applicable) Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt 
Commingling Account. Each Interest Payment shall be compounded with the relevant Cash Collateral where

--- Page 120 ---
120 
WS0101.32901144.1 
the said Interest Payment has accrued for at least one year. Each Interest Payment shall be part of the Cash 
Collateral (gage-espèces) and, accordingly, be held by the Issuer and applied to the repayment of the Secured 
Liabilities. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Cash Collateral Provider has made customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the 
Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Cash Collateral Agreement 
and continuing until satisfaction in full of the Borrower Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the Administrator) 
to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Facility Agreement following the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Issuer (represented 
by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the Administrator) shall be entitled to apply to the repayment of 
the Secured Liabilities (i) all sums standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt 
Commingling Account. 
Any sum remaining to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account 
after satisfaction in full of the Secured Liabilities shall be promptly repaid to the Cash Collateral Provider in 
accordance with the relevant Priority Payments Orders. For the avoidance of doubt, such claim for repayment 
(créance de restitution) does not benefit from the Privilège referred to in Article L. 513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
With immediate effect as from the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and upon the instructions of each 
of the Issuer, the Administrator or any of its representative, agent or expert acting on its behalf (each, an 
"Enforcing Party"), the Cash Collateral Provider shall: 
(a) 
execute any document, take whatever action and do all such things required in order to perfect, or any 
other action that the Enforcing Party deems necessary for the purpose of perfecting, the Issuer's rights 
hereunder; and 
(b) 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have been 
appointed as Substitute Administrator in replacement of the Administrator to take over its duties in such 
capacity. 
Conditions of enforcement 
Enforcement requires no other formality whatsoever (including the necessity to obtain a court order or conduct 
an auction), any notification requirements (to the Borrower, the Cash Collateral Provider or any other person) 
nor any other procedures. 
No right of the Issuer to enforce its rights under the Cash Collateral Agreement shall be in any manner affected 
or limited by any insolvency proceedings with respect to the Borrower.  
Release without discharge 
In respect of each Cash Collateral funded pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Cash 
Collateral Provider shall have the right to request from the Issuer the release of such Cash Collateral under the 
following circumstances (each, a "Release Without Discharge Event"): 
(a) 
in any event, if, on a given date, (i) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account exceeds the applicable CCRFA or (ii) the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the 
credit of the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account exceeds the amount that must be funded in such 
account pursuant to the terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement;  
(b) 
while such Cash Collateral has been funded upon a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the 
Borrower regains the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels; in such case, a release without discharge

--- Page 121 ---
121 
WS0101.32901144.1 
may be made for an amount equal to the amount of Cash Collateral standing to the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account which exceeds the amount of the Legal Liquidity Reserve on such date.  
Upon any release request by the Cash Collateral Provider following the occurrence of a Release Without 
Discharge Event, the Issuer shall release the relevant Cash Collateral and repay to the Cash Collateral Provider 
up to the relevant amount. Any release and repayment made as mentioned above shall not deemed a discharge 
of the Cash Collateral Provider with respect to its obligations to fund further Cash Collateral pursuant to the 
terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Final release and discharge 
The Issuer shall, at the request and cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, give final release with respect to all 
Cash Collateral, cancel the security created under the Cash Collateral Agreement and discharge the Cash 
Collateral Provider from all its obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the 
Cash Collateral Agreement when all sums due under any and all the Tranches and Series of Covered Bonds 
shall have been repaid in full and the Secured Liabilities have been entirely and definitively discharged in full 
(independently of any intermediate or partial discharges. 
In connection with the final release and cancellation described above, the Issuer shall do all such acts and 
things, at the cost of the Cash Collateral Provider, as are reasonably requested by the Cash Collateral Provider 
in order to release and cancel the security created under the Cash Collateral Agremeent and discharge the Cash 
Collateral Provider from all its obligations to fund any further Cash Collateral pursuant to the terms of the 
Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Limited Recourse - Non Petition - Amendments 
The Cash Collateral Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - 
Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents". 
IV. 
THE AFFILIATE FACILITY AGREEMENTS 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Affiliate Facility Agreements. 
Background 
Prior to its accession to the Programme, each relevant Affiliate enters into an affiliate facility agreement (each, 
an "Affiliate Facility Agreement") with BNP Paribas, as "Affiliate Lender" (the "Affiliate Lender") in order 
to determine the terms and conditions according to which the Affiliate Lender shall grant such Affiliate with 
advances under an Affiliate Facility (each, an "Affiliate Advance"). 
The Affiliate Lender may fund each Affiliate advance to be made available to the relevant Affiliate (i) with the 
proceeds of a Borrower Advance made available under the Borrower Facility or (ii) out of its own resources. 
The Affiliates 
Any Affiliate may access the Programme subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent: 
(a) 
the Affiliate is an entity controlled by BNP Paribas within the meaning of Article L. 233-3 of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce); 
(b) 
the Affiliate is a French legal entity located in France; 
(c) 
the Affiliate is licensed as credit institution (établissement de crédit) by the French Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution; 
(d) 
the Affiliate has duly concluded an Affiliate Facility Agreement with the Borrower and the execution of 
such Affiliate Facility Agreement has been approved by the general meeting of the shareholders of the 
Issuer;

--- Page 122 ---
122 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(e) 
the Affiliate has duly concluded an Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement with the Borrower and the 
execution of such Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement has been approved by the general meeting of 
the shareholders of the Issuer; 
(f) 
the accession to the Programme of such Affiliate is subject to prior Rating Affirmation; 
(g) 
no Borrower Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the accession of the Affiliate to the 
Programme will not or is not likely to trigger the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default; and 
(h) 
no Issuer Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the accession of the Affiliate will not or is 
not likely to trigger the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Affiliate Facility 
Each Affiliate Facility shall be made available to the Affiliate in an aggregate maximum amount to be 
determined by the relevant Affiliate and the Affiliate Lender (the "Affiliate Facility Commitment"), it being 
provided that the aggregated amounts of all the Affiliate Facility Commitments shall not exceed € 
40,000,000,000. Each Affiliate Facility shall be made available for the purpose of financing the general 
financial needs of the relevant Affiliate. 
Principal and interest amounts 
The terms and conditions of an Affiliate Advance may not mirror those of the Borrower Advance funding such 
Affiliate Advance. Any amounts repaid or prepaid under any Affiliate Advance may be re-borrowed. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The relevant Affiliate has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Affiliate 
Lender, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the relevant Affiliate Facility 
Agreement and continuing until all sums due by the Affiliate under the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement 
shall have been repaid in full. 
Main other terms 
Each Affiliate Facility Agreement also provides for: 
(a) 
customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Affiliate to the Affiliate 
Lender under the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement; 
(b) 
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the Affiliate Lender on 
account of tax on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the relevant Affiliate Facility 
Agreement by the Affiliate Lender from the Affiliate or any liability in respect of any such payment is 
asserted, imposed, levied or assessed against the Affiliate Lender; 
(c) 
customary "increased costs" provisions; 
(d) 
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Affiliate. 
Affiliate Event of Default  
Each of the following events constitutes the occurrence of an event of default under the relevant Affiliate 
Facility Agreement (each, an "Affiliate Event of Default"): 
(a) 
the relevant Affiliate fails to pay any sum due under the Affiliate Facility Agreement when due, in the 
currency and in the manner specified herein; provided, however, that where such non-payment is due to 
an administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems or clearing systems 
reasonably used by the Affiliate and such payment is made by the Affiliate within three (3) Business 
Days of such non-payment, such non-payment shall not constitute an Affiliate Event of Default;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(b) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Affiliate, in the relevant Affiliate Facility 
Agreement or in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant hereto or 
in connection herewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when 
made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
Affiliate Lender has given notice thereof to the Affiliate or (if sooner) the Affiliate has knowledge of 
the same; 
(c) 
the Affiliate fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Affiliate Facility Agreement 
unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
earlier of (i) the date on which the Affiliate Lender has given notice thereof to the Affiliate or (ii) the 
date on which the Affiliate has knowledge of the same;  
(d) 
as regards the Affiliate, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(e) 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement 
of any legal, administrative or other proceedings against the Affiliate) occurs which is or could be 
reasonably expected to be materially adverse to (i) the financial or legal situation, assets, business or 
operations of the Affiliate and (ii) the ability of the Affiliate to perform its payment obligations or the 
financial covenants under any of the Programme Documents; or 
(f) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Affiliate to perform or comply with any or all of its 
material obligations under the Affiliate Facility Agreement or any of the material obligations of the 
Affiliate under the Affiliate Facility Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding. 
Upon the occurrence of an Affiliate Event of Default, the Affiliate Lender shall, by written notice (such notice 
to constitute a mise en demeure) to the Affiliate (with copy to the Issuer Independent Representative, the 
Administrator and the Rating Agencies), (x) declare that (i) no further Affiliate Advances shall be available 
under the Affiliate Facility Agreement, and (ii) the then outstanding Affiliate Advances are immediately due 
and payable and (y) enforce the rights of the Affiliate Lender under the Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement 
for the repayment of any sum due by the Affiliate under the Affiliate Borrower Facility Agreement and not 
paid by the Affiliate (whether at its contractual due date or upon acceleration) (a "Affiliate Enforcement 
Notice"). 
Affiliate Facility early amortisation upon Borrower Event of Default 
Any Affiliate Facility will be accelerated upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default. For such 
purposes, upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default, the Administrator, duly mandated by the 
Affiliate Lender for such purposes, shall, by written notice (such notice to constitute a mise en demeure) to the 
relevant Affiliate, (i) declare that no more Affiliate Advances shall be made under the relevant Affiliate 
Facility, (ii) declare that the Affiliate Facility shall be cancelled, and (iii) declare that the Affiliate Advances 
shall immediately become due and payable and enforce its rights under the relevant Affiliate Collateral 
Security Agreement (a "Cross-Acceleration Enforcement Notice").  
Guarantee 
Subject to customary legal limitations under French law and up to the maximum amount that may be owed by 
each Affiliate under the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement, each Affiliate, as guarantor (in such capacity, 
the "Affiliate Guarantor") irrevocably and unconditionally and jointly and severally: 
(i) 
guarantees to the Lender the due and punctual observance and performance of the terms, conditions 
and covenants under the Borrower Facility Agreement (as described in "The main Programme 
Documents - The Borrower Facility Agreement") on the part of the Borrower, including the 
payment of the Guaranteed Liabilities (as defined herein), and agrees to pay from time to time on 
demand of the Administrator any and every sum or sums of money which is at any time payable to 
the Lender in respect of the Guaranteed Liabilities (as defined herein); and 
(ii) 
agrees as a primary obligation to indemnify the Lender from time to time on demand of the 
Administrator from and against any loss incurred by the Lender as a result of any of the obligations 
of the Borrower under or pursuant to the Programme Documents being or becoming void, voidable, 
unenforceable or ineffective as against the Borrower for any reason whatsoever, whether or not

--- Page 124 ---
124 
WS0101.32901144.1 
known to the Lender or any other person, the amount of such loss being the amount which the 
Lender would otherwise have been entitled to recover from the Borrower. 
For such purposes,  
"Guaranteed Liabilities" means all present and future payment obligations (whether actual or contingent and 
whether owed jointly or severally or in any other capacity whatsoever) of the Borrower under the Borrower 
Facility Agreement. 
Affiliate not incorporated in France 
Variations to the above described terms of any Affiliate Facility Agreement may be agreed between the 
Affiliate Lender and any Affiliate not incorporated in France if required under the law of the jurisdiction where 
the relevant Affiliate is incorporated or the law governing the Home Loans and/or the Affiliate Collateral 
Security. Other variations to the above described terms of any Affiliate Facility Agreement can only be agreed 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation.  
Limited Recourse - Non petition - Amendments 
The Affiliate Facility Agreements include "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - 
Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents". 
V. 
THE AFFILIATE COLLATERAL SECURITY AGREEMENTS 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Affiliate Collateral Security Agreements. 
Background 
An Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement refers to any agreement made between (i) any Affiliate which has 
concluded an Affiliate Facility Agreement, and (ii) BNP Paribas in its capacity as "Affiliate Lender", 
"Administrator" and "Issuer Calculation Agent" (each an "Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement"). 
Affiliate Secured Liabilities 
In order to secure the full and timely payment of all and any amounts (whether in principal, interest, fees, 
indemnities or guarantees) owed by the Affiliate under the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement, whether 
present or future and whether in its capacity as "Affiliate" or "Affiliate Guarantor" (the "Affiliate Secured 
Liabilities") which constitute financial obligations (obligations financières) within the meaning of Article L. 
211-36 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Affiliate undertakes to, 
from time to time, throughout the Affiliate Security Period, and in accordance with Articles L. 211-38 et seq. 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), transfer by way of security the full 
title (remettre en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of Home Loan receivables to the benefit of the Affiliate 
Lender. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any Affiliate Collateral Security shall secure all the Affiliate Secured Liabilities 
under the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement taken as a whole so that there is no segregation between the 
Affiliate Collateral Security Assets depending on, notably, the Selection Date on which they were transferred. 
Eligible Assets 
For the purposes of each Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" means any Home Loans 
Receivable that meets the requirements of the SFH Legal framework and complies or whose underlying Home 
Loan complies with all the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria. 
The "Home Loans Eligibility Criteria" are those described in "The main Programme Documents – the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement".

--- Page 125 ---
125 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Affiliate Collateral Security Assets 
Eligible Assets shall be validly transferred as Affiliate Collateral Security and shall qualify as "Affiliate 
Collateral Security Assets" for the purposes of the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement only upon 
satisfaction of numerous conditions precedents, including in particular that the same shall have been duly 
identified in the Affiliate's IT systems.  
Transfers 
The transfer by way of security of the full title (remises en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of each 
Affiliate Collateral Security Asset with respect to each Affiliate which is incorporated in France shall be made 
subject to the same requirements as that applicable to the transfer by way of security of the full title (remises en 
pleine propriété à titre de garantie) of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets. 
The transfer of each Affiliate Collateral Security Asset with respect to each Affiliate which is not incorporated 
in France will depend on the applicable law and will be subject to prior Rating Affirmation. 
Any Eligible Asset transferred subject to, and in accordance with, any Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement 
will automatically form part of the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security until final release and discharge, but 
without prejudice to substitutions and partial releases which may occur in accordance with the provisions of 
the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement. 
For the whole duration of each Affiliate Collateral Security, the Affiliate Lender has full legal title over the 
Affiliate Collateral Security Assets. The Affiliate Collateral Security shall be effective as long as the Affiliate 
Secured Liabilities have not been fully and irrevocably discharged on the Discharged Date. It shall not be 
considered as satisfied or discharged or prejudiced by any intermediate payment, satisfaction or settlement of 
any part of the Affiliate Secured Liabilities. 
Additions, Subtitutions and Partial Releases 
Under each Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement and in order to preserve the value of its security 
thereunder, the Affiliate Lender will have the discretion to request from the relevant Affiliate to transfer 
additional or substitute Eligible Assets as Affiliate Collateral Security upon conditions to be agreed on a case 
by case basis. 
The Affiliate Lender will have also the right to accept or refuse any release from the scope of an Affiliate 
Collateral Security that may have been requested by the relevant Affiliate.  
Asset Servicing 
The Affiliate Lender has full title over the Affiliate Collateral Security Assets. However, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Affiliate is entitled to keep and dispose of any collections received under the relevant Affiliate 
Collateral Security Assets, subject to the provision of the applicable Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement. 
Until enforcement of the Affiliate Collateral Security, the servicing, management and recovery of the Affiliate 
Collateral Security Assets shall continue to be carried out by the Affiliate. 
Each Affiliate shall perform the servicing of the Affiliate Collateral Security Assets in accordance with 
applicable laws, its customary servicing procedures, using the degree of skill, care and attention as for 
servicing of its assets for its own account. 
Each Affiliate shall regularly provide the Affiliate Lender with an asset report on terms to be agreed between 
each Affiliate and the Affiliate Lender. 
Each Affiliate shall furthermore, in accordance with its servicing procedures, establish, maintain or cause to be 
maintained and furthermore administer at all times accurate, complete and up-to-date records with respect to 
the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security Assets.  
For the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether such Affiliate Collateral Security Assets remain Eligible 
Assets or control assets reports, the Affiliate Lender is granted the access to each Affiliate's premises or to

--- Page 126 ---
126 
WS0101.32901144.1 
premises where the asset records are located, in order to inspect, audit such assets records (including taking 
copies of all or any document or data). In addition, the Affiliate Lender shall cause each Affiliate to grant 
access to each Affiliate's premises to the Issuer (or any agent acting on its behalf). 
If an Affiliate Servicing Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Administrator will notify the Issuer in writing of the 
occurrence of such event and then within thirty (30) Business Days of such occurrence, the Issuer, the 
Borrower and the relevant Affiliate, in accordance with provisions of Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), use reasonable endeavours to appoint a new servicer (whose 
(i) long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations (if rated) are rated at least 
BBB by S&P or (ii) long-term senior issuer default rating (IDR) (if rated) is rated at least BBB- by Fitch 
Ratings), or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and 
regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds, for the servicing of the 
relevant Affiliate Collateral Security Assets.  
For such purposes, "Affiliate Servicing Rating Trigger Event" means, as regards an Affiliate, the event in 
which (i) the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of this Affiliate 
(or if long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of this Affiliate are not 
rated, the long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Borrower) 
become rated below BBB by S&P or (ii) the long-term senior issuer default rating (IDR) of this Affiliate (or if 
long-term senior issuer default rating (IDR) of this Affiliaite is not rated, the long-term senior issuer default 
rating (IDR) of the Borrower) becomes rated below BBB- by Fitch Ratings, or, after the date hereof, any other 
rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then 
current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
Each Affiliate shall make the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Affiliate 
Lender, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Affiliate Collateral Security 
Agreement and continuing until satisfaction in full of the relevant Affiliate Secured Liabilities. 
Enforcement 
Upon the service of an Affiliate Enforcement Notice subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of 
the relevant Affiliate Facility Agreement following the occurrence of an Affiliate Event of Default which is 
continuing unremedied, the Affiliate Lender shall have over the Affiliate Collateral Security Assets the same 
rights than the ones of the Issuer over the Borrower Collateral Security Assets upon enforcement of the 
Borrower Collateral Security in accordance with the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security 
Agreement.  
Conditions of enforcement 
Conditions of enforcement of an Affiliate Collateral Security granted by an Affiliate which is incorporated in 
France will be those applicable to the enforcement of the Borrower Collateral Security (see section entitled 
"The main Programme Documents" - "The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement"). 
Conditions of enforcement of an Affiliate Collateral Security granted by an Affiliate which is not incorporated 
in France will be those applicable under the relevant local laws. 
Affiliate not incorporated in France 
Variations to the above described terms of any Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement may be agreed between 
the Affiliate Lender and any Affiliate not incorporated in France if required under the law of the jurisdiction 
where the relevant Affiliate is incorporated or the law governing the Home Loans and/or the Affiliate 
Collateral Security. Other variations to the above described terms of any Affiliate Facility Agreement can only 
be agreed subject to prior Rating Affirmation.  
Limited Recourse - Non petition - Amendments 
The Affiliate Collateral Security Agreements include "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" 
provisions, as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's

--- Page 127 ---
127 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Activities - Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme 
Documents". 
VI. 
THE ISSUER ACCOUNTS AGREEMENT 
This section sets out the main material terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement pursuant to which the Issuer 
Accounts are opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank. 
Background 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Programme Date and entered 
into between BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, as Issuer and BNP Paribas, as "Issuer Accounts Bank" (the 
"Issuer Accounts Bank") (the "Issuer Accounts Agreement"). 
Purpose 
Under the Issuer Accounts Agreement, BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints BNP Paribas as its 
account bank for the opening and operation of its bank accounts (the "Issuer Accounts"). The Issuer Accounts 
Bank will always act in the best and exclusive interest of BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH. 
Issuer Accounts 
The Issuer Accounts opened in the name of the Issuer in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank include: 
(a) 
the "Issuer Cash Accounts", including the Issuer General Account (denominated in Euro), the Cash 
Collateral Account (denominated in Euro) and the Share Capital Proceeds Account (denominated in 
Euro); and  
(b) 
the "Issuer Securities Accounts", which are securities account (comptes d'instruments financiers) 
opened in relation to each Issuer Cash Account, 
it being provided that, according to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator may, to the extent 
permitted by the SFH Legal Framework, open these Issuer Cash Accounts and Issuer Securities Accounts in 
the books of any central bank in lieu of the Issuer Accounts Bank and may open within the books of the Issuer 
Accounts Bank or any central bank, any new bank cash account in the name of the Issuer which may be 
necessary or advisable for the performance by the Issuer of its rights and obligations under any Programme 
Document, and notably in case of issuance of Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro provided that an Issuer Securities Account (compte de titres financiers) is opened in relation to each such 
Issuer Cash Account. On or about the date of this Base Prospectus, the Administrator has opened a cash and 
securities account in the name of the Issuer in the books of the Banque de France. 
The Administrator shall open the Affiliate Debt Commingling Account, in the name of the Issuer and within 
the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank, whenever a Cash Collateral is to be funded by the Cash Collateral 
Provider into such account in accordance with the Cash Collateral Agreement provided that an Issuer 
Securities Account (compte de titres financiers) is opened in relation to such Issuer Cash Account. 
The Administrator shall open, as the case may be, the swap collateral account in the name of the Issuer and 
within the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank or any central bank in accordance with the provisions of the 
Issuer Hedging Agreement. 
Funds Allocation 
Each of the Issuer Bank Accounts shall be exclusively allocated to the operation of the Issuer. 
All sums standing to the credit balance of the Issuer Cash Accounts may be invested from time to time in 
Permitted Investments by the Administrator (see section entitled "The Issuer - The Administrative 
Agreement").

--- Page 128 ---
128 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Operation 
The Issuer Cash Accounts shall not be operated by the Issuer Accounts Bank otherwise than in accordance 
with the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and the Administrative Agreement and, in particular, the 
Issuer Accounts Bank shall be entitled to refuse to, without being liable for any such refusal: 
(a) 
deliver credit cards or other means of payment with respect to the Issuer Cash Accounts or make any 
transfer from any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator other than by bank 
transfer or any such other means as is agreed with the Issuer; 
(b) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of any person other than the Issuer or the 
Administrator; 
(c) 
debit any of the Issuer Cash Accounts upon instructions of the Administrator, if the Issuer Accounts 
Bank is aware that such instructions may cause a debit balance of the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts (in 
which case the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly inform the Administrator and the Issuer and 
postpone the performance of the relevant instructions until it has received the relevant renewed written 
instructions of the same); or 
(d) 
implement any instruction from the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) in connection with 
the Issuer Accounts if it is aware that an implementation of such instruction would constitute a breach 
of any provision of the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Issuer General Account 
As from the Programme Date and on any relevant date thereafter, the Issuer General Account shall be credited 
or debited by the Issuer Accounts Bank, acting upon the instructions of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting 
on its behalf), with any and all amounts which are not specified to be credited or debited to any other Issuer 
Cash Accounts (the "Issuer General Account"). 
Cash Collateral Account 
The Cash Collateral Account shall be credited and debited only subject to, and in accordance with, the Cash 
Collateral Agreement as described in sections "The main Programme Documents – The Cash Collateral 
Agreement - The Cash Collateral Account", "Asset Monitoring - The Legal Liquidity Reserve" and 
"Asset Monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test" (the "Cash Collateral Account"). 
Upon the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default which is enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) will 
give the appropriate instructions in order to ensure that the balance of the Cash Collateral Account be allocated 
in accordance with the applicable Priority Payment Order. 
Share Capital Proceeds Account 
On or prior to the Programme Date and upon instruction of the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its 
behalf), the Share Capital Proceeds Account shall be credited with the amount of the Issuer Share Capital, the 
Issuer Subordinated Loan and the Super Subordinated Bonds Issue (the "Share Capital Proceeds Account"). 
The funds standing to the Share Capital Proceeds Account shall be invested from time to time in Permitted 
Investments. Such funds and the proceeds from the relevant Permitted Investments shall be included in the 
Issuer's available funds and allocated to the payments due by the Issuer in accordance with the applicable 
Priority Payment Order.  
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Accounts Bank has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the 
Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Issuer Accounts Agreement 
and continuing until the Service Termination Date.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank undertakes to hold harmless and fully 
and effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses 
(including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a 
consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Accounts Bank in its performance of any of its 
obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Accounts Bank to the Issuer under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement, the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) will pay to the Issuer Accounts Bank a fee to 
be computed subject to, and in accordance with, the provisions of the Issuer Accounts Agreement.  
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other amounts 
that might be due by the Issuer under the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Resignation of Issuer Accounts Bank 
The Issuer Accounts Bank will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer Accounts 
Bank pursuant to the Issuer Accounts Agreement, except as follows: 
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will no 
longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty (180) days from 
the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Accounts Bank (with copy to the Administrator).  
Such resignation shall become effective upon replacement of the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Defaults  
Each of the following events shall constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default (an "Issuer Accounts Bank's 
Default"): 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Accounts Bank is or proves to have been 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of 
remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts 
Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts Bank has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its 
discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Accounts Bank fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business Days 
after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Accounts Bank or (if sooner) the Issuer Accounts 
Bank has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial 
to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Accounts Bank; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Accounts Bank to perform or comply with any or all 
of its material obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement or any or all of its material obligations 
under the Issuer Accounts Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank's Default occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank shall notify the Issuer (or the 
Administrator) of such occurrence promptly after becoming aware of the same.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event 
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer Accounts Bank will promptly notify the 
Issuer in writing of the occurrence of such event. Within sixty (60) calendar days of the occurrence of an Issuer 
Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event: 
(a) 
the Issuer (or the Administrator acting on its behalf) shall have closed the then existing Issuer Bank 
Accounts and opened new accounts in its name under the terms of a new Issuer Accounts 
Agreement substantially on the same terms as the Issuer Accounts Agreement, with another 
financial institution whose:  
(i) unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least A-1 (short-term) 
and A(long-term) by S&P; and  
(ii) long-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or applicable, long-term issuer default 
rating (IDR) is rated at least A- by Fitch Ratings or short-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is 
assigned or applicable, the short-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least F1 by Fitch 
Ratings, 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
subject to prior Rating Affirmation, the Issuer Accounts Bank has obtained a guarantee of its 
obligations under the Issuer Accounts Agreement on terms acceptable to the Issuer, acting 
reasonably, from a financial institution whose:  
(i) unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least A-1 (short-term) 
and A (long-term) by S&P; and  
(ii) long-term issuer default rating (IDR) is rated at least A- by Fitch Ratings or short-term issuer 
default rating (IDR) is rated at least F1 by Fitch Ratings, 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds, 
provided that failure to comply with the provisions of paragraph (a) or paragraph (b) above (each, a "Remedy 
to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event") within the relevant sixty (60) calendar day-period shall 
constitute an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event within the meaning of the Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
For the purpose of the above, "Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which: 
(i) 
the unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the then appointed Issuer 
Accounts Bank become rated below A-1 (short-term) or A (long-term) by S&P; or 
(ii) 
the long-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or applicable, the long-term issuer 
default rating (IDR) of the then appointed Issuer Accounts Bank becomes rated below A- by Fitch 
Ratings and the short-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or applicable, the short-
term issuer default rating (IDR) of the then Issuer Accounts Bank becomes rated below F1 by Fitch 
Ratings, 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
The same provisions will apply each time an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event occurs in relation to 
any substitute financial institution appointed in replacement of an Issuer Accounts Bank.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Termination 
"Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Events" under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will include the 
following events: 
(a) 
the Issuer Accounts Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its scheduled term; 
(b) 
the occurrence of any Issuer Accounts Bank's Default; 
(c) 
the failure to comply with one or the other remedies to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger Event 
within the relevant sixty (60) calendar day-period; or 
(d) 
as long as the Borrower is also the Issuer Accounts Bank, a Borrower Event of Default has occured.  
If an Issuer Accounts Bank Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the Issuer 
Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts Agreement by delivery of a written termination notice to the Issuer 
Accounts Bank (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Accounts Bank of the Notice of 
Termination, the appointment of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts Agreement will 
terminate with effect not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Accounts 
Bank of the Notice of Termination or at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of 
Termination, save for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Accounts Bank contained in the Issuer Accounts 
Agreement. 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Accounts Bank or termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts Bank 
hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement, the Issuer shall replace BNP 
Paribas, as Issuer Accounts Bank, at the costs of BNP Paribas, by any legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer 
Accounts Bank"), the choice of which being subject to prior Rating Affirmation. Upon its appointment and 
unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer (but subject to prior Rating Affirmation), the Substitute Issuer 
Accounts Bank shall: 
(a) 
have its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations rated at least A-1 (short-term) 
and A (long-term) by S&P; and shall have a long-term Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned 
or applicable, a long-term issuer default rating (IDR) rated at least A- by Fitch Ratings or a short term 
Deposit Rating or, if no such rating is assigned or applicable, a short-term issuer default rating (IDR) 
rated at least F1 by Fitch Ratings; 
(b) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary advice and assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, 
including in connection with the opening, maintaining and operation of the Issuer Accounts and the 
Programme Documents and, in particular, as described under the Issuer Accounts Agreement; 
(c) 
together with the Issuer Accounts Bank, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Accounts Bank in 
all rights and obligations arisen from the Programme Documents to which the Issuer Accounts Bank is a 
party and, for such purposes, become a party, as Issuer Accounts Bank, to any relevant Programme 
Documents to which the Issuer Accounts Bank is a party; 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment as Issuer Accounts Bank in accordance 
with the terms of the Issuer Accounts Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement, the duties of the Issuer Accounts Bank under the Issuer Accounts Agreement shall 
continue and the Issuer Accounts Bank shall continue to be bound by all its obligations under the Issuer 
Accounts Agreement until the earlier of (i) its replacement as Issuer Accounts Bank, or (ii) the termination of 
the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement in accordance with its terms (the "Service Termination Date"). 
Term and Termination of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement 
The Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement shall remain in effect for an intial period of ten (10) years and shall be 
automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its intention 
to terminate the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial period or the 
additional periods, as the case may be in which case the Issuer Accounts Agreement shall terminate at the end 
of such three-month period.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement, the Issuer Accounts Bank 
Agreement shall terminate: 
(a) 
on its term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its term as defined above, if the Issuer and any Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank replacing 
(i) BNP Paribas as Issuer Accounts Bank or (ii) a previous Issuer Accounts Bank having replaced BNP 
Paribas as Issuer Accounts Bank agree in writing to cease to be bound by the Issuer Accounts Bank 
Agreement and execute another agreement for the performance of the services contemplated by the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its term as defined above and upon failure to replace the Issuer Accounts Bank (i) the last 
day of the ninety (90) calendar days period starting on the date of resignation of the Issuer Accounts 
Bank, or (ii) the last day of the sixty (60) calendar days period starting on the date a Notice of 
Termination is delivered to the Issuer Accounts Bank.  
The termination of the Issuer Accounts Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the termination of 
the appointment of BNP Paribas as Issuer Accounts Bank thereunder on the relevant termination date of the 
Issuer Accounts Agreement. 
Limited Recourse - Non petition - Amendments 
The Issuer Accounts Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" provisions, 
as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities - 
Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme Documents". 
VII. 
THE CALCULATION SERVICES AGREEMENT  
This section sets out the main material terms of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Background 
The "Calculation Services Agreement" refers to the agreement dated on or prior to the Programme Date and 
entered into between (i) BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, in its capacity as "Lender" and (ii) BNP Paribas, in its 
capacity as "Issuer Calculation Agent" (the "Issuer Calculation Agent"). 
Purpose 
Under the Calculation Services Agreement, BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH, as Issuer, appoints BNP Paribas as 
its servicer for the purposes of any calculation and determinations to be made under the Programme 
Documents (but excluding all calculation and determinations to be made with respect to the Series of Covered 
Bonds, such calculation and determinations to be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Calculation Agent under 
the Issuer Agency Agreement). The Issuer Calculation Agent will always act in the best and exclusive interest 
of BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH. 
Duties of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent will inter alia undertake:  
(a) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Borrower Facility Agreement and the Affiliate Facility 
Agreement, including, but not limited to, any interest and principal amounts and the effective global 
rate (taux effectif global); 
(b) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and the Affiliate 
Collateral Security Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Asset Cover Test (see section entitled 
"Asset Monitoring"); 
(c) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Cash Collateral Agreement (see sections "The main 
Programme Documents – The Cash Collateral Agreement", "The main Programme Documents – 
Affiliate Debt Commingling Account"and "Asset Monitoring");

--- Page 133 ---
133 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(d) 
any and all calculation in relation to the Amortisation Test (see section entitled "Asset Monitoring"). 
Substitution and Agency 
The Issuer Calculation Agent may not assign its rights and obligations under the Calculation Services 
Agreement but will have the right to be assisted by, to appoint or to substitute for itself any third party in the 
performance of certain or all its tasks under the Calculation Services Agreement provided that: 
(a) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those tasks and, 
with respect to the Issuer only, the relevant third party has expressly waived any right to any contractual 
claim against the Issuer; and  
(b) 
the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Issuer 
Calculation Agent under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Issuer Calculation Agent to the Issuer under the Calculation 
Services Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Issuer Calculation Agent a servicing fee computed subject to, 
and in accordance with, the provisions of the Calculation Services Agreement. 
The Issuer Calculation Agent will not benefit from the Privilège for the payment of its fees or any other 
amounts that might be due to it by the Issuer under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Issuer Calculation Agent has made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the 
Issuer, the representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Calculation Services 
Agreement and continuing until the Service Termination Date. 
Indemnities 
Pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation Agent undertakes to hold harmless and 
fully and effectively indemnify the Issuer against all actions, proceedings, demands, damages, costs, expenses 
(including legal fees), claims, losses, prejudice or other liability, which the Issuer may sustain or incur as a 
consequence of the occurrence of any default by the Issuer Calculation Agent in its performance of any of its 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
Resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
The Issuer Calculation Agent will not resign from the duties and obligations imposed on it as Issuer 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Calculation Services Agreement, except:  
(a) 
upon a determination that the performance of its duties under the Calculation Services Agreement will 
no longer be permissible under applicable law; and 
(b) 
in the case where the Issuer does not comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement and fails to remedy the situation within one hundred and eighty days (180) from 
the receipt by the Issuer of a notice from the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Such resignation shall however be effective upon replacement of the Issuer Calculation Agent. 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults 
Issuer Calculation Agent's Defaults will occur upon the occurrence of the following events: 
(a) 
any material representation or warranty made by the Issuer Calculation Agent is or proves to have been 
incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of 
remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer 
Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the Issuer Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that

--- Page 134 ---
134 
WS0101.32901144.1 
the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant 
Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
the Issuer Calculation Agent fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Calculation 
Services Agreement unless such breach is capable of remedy and is remedied within sixty (60) Business 
Days after the Issuer has given notice thereof to the Issuer Calculation Agent or (if sooner) the Issuer 
Calculation Agent has knowledge of the same, provided that the Issuer, at its discretion, certifies that it 
is prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the relevant Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event occurs in respect of the Issuer Calculation Agent; or 
(d) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Issuer Calculation Agent to perform or comply with any or 
all of its material obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement or any or all of its material 
obligations under the Calculation Services Agreement are not, or cease to be, legal, valid and binding. 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent's Default has occurred, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall notify the Issuer of 
such occurrence promptly after becoming aware of it. 
Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event 
If an Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event occurs, the Issuer Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer 
in writing of the occurrence of the Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event within five (5) Business 
Days from the date upon which it becomes aware of such event and this will constitute a termination event 
under the Calculation Services Agreement. 
For such purposes, "Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event" means the event in which (i) the long-
term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations of the Issuer Calculation Agent 
become rated below BBB by S&P, or (ii) its senior long-term issuer default rating (IDR) becomes rated below 
BBB by Fitch Ratings (or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable 
laws and regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds). 
Termination 
"Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Events" under the Calculation Services Agreement will include the 
following events: 
(a) 
the occurrence of any Issuer Calculation Agent's Default; 
(b) 
the occurrence of the Issuer Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event; or 
(c) 
the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
If an Issuer Calculation Agent Termination Event occurs, the Issuer shall terminate the appointment of the 
Issuer Calculation Agent under the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement by delivery of a written termination 
notice to the Issuer Calculation Agent (the "Notice of Termination"). Upon receipt by the Issuer Calculation 
Agent of the Notice of Termination, the appointment of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Issuer 
Calculation Services Agreement will terminate with effect: 
(a) 
not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Calculation Agent of the 
Notice of Termination, if such Notice of Termination is served due to the occurrence of an Issuer 
Calculation Agent Rating Trigger Event; 
(b) 
not earlier than twenty (20) Business Days as from the receipt by the Issuer Calculation Agent of the 
Notice of Termination or at any other date that the Issuer may have specified in the Notice of 
Termination, if such Notice of Termination is served due to any other reason, 
and save for any continuing obligations of the Issuer Calculation Agent contained in the Calculation Services 
Agreement.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Upon the resignation of the Issuer Calculation Agent or termination of its appointment as Issuer Calculation 
Agent hereunder in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer shall 
replace BNP Paribas, as Issuer Calculation Agent, by any legal entity (the "Substitute Issuer Calculation 
Agent"), the choice of which being subject to prior Rating Affirmation. Upon its appointment and unless 
otherwise agreed with the Issuer (but subject to prior Rating Affirmation), the Substitute Issuer Calculation 
Agent shall: 
(a) 
provide the Issuer with all necessary assistance and know-how, whether technical or other, as described 
under this Calculation Services Agreement; 
(b) 
together with the Issuer Calculation Agent, take all steps necessary to replace the Issuer Calculation 
Agent in all rights and obligations arisen from the Programme Documents to which the Issuer 
Calculation Agent is a party and, for such purposes, become a party, as Issuer Calculation Agent, to any 
relevant Programme Documents to which the Issuer Calculation Agent is a party; 
Notwithstanding its resignation or the termination of its appointment in accordance with the terms of the Issuer 
Calculation Services Agreement and notwithstanding any other provision of the Issuer Calculation Services 
Agreement, the duties of the Issuer Calculation Agent under the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement shall 
continue and the Issuer Calculation Agent shall continue to be bound by all its obligations hereunder until the 
earlier of (i) its replacement as Issuer Calculation Agent and (ii) the termination of the Issuer Calculation 
Services Agreement in accordance with its terms (the "Service Termination Date"). 
Term and Termination of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement 
The Issuer Calculation Services Agreement shall remain in effect for an intial period of ten (10) years and shall 
be automatically renewed for additional ten-year periods unless a party thereto notifies to the others its 
intention to terminate the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement three (3) months prior to the end of the initial 
period or the additional periods, as the case may be in which case this Calculation Services Agreement shall 
terminate at the end of such three-month period. 
Without prejudice to the other terms of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement, the Issuer Calculation 
Services Agreement shall terminate: 
(a) 
on its term as defined above; 
(b) 
if earlier than its term as defined above, if the Issuer and any Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent 
replacing (i) BNP Paribas as Issuer Calculation Agent or (ii) a previous Issuer Calculation Agent having 
replaced BNP Paribas as Issuer Calculation Agent agree in writing to cease to be bound by the Issuer 
Calculation Services Agreement and execute another agreement for the performance of the services 
contemplated by the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement; or 
(c) 
if earlier than its term defined above and upon failure to replace the Issuer Calculation Agent (i) the last 
day of the ninety (90) calendar days period starting on the date of resignation of the Issuer Calculation 
Agent, or (ii) the last day of the sixty (60) calendar days period starting on the date a Notice of 
Termination is delivered to the Issuer Calculation Agent.  
The termination of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement in accordance with its terms shall trigger the 
termination of the appointment of BNP Paribas as Issuer Calculation Agent thereunder on the relevant 
termination date of the Issuer Calculation Services Agreement. 
Limited Recourse - Non petition - Amendments 
The Calculation Services Agreement includes "Limited Recourse", "Non petition" and "Amendments" 
provisions, as described in "The Issuer - Issuer's Activities – Limited Recourse", "The Issuer - Issuer's 
Activities - Non-Petition" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds - 5(h) Programme 
Documents".

--- Page 136 ---
136 
WS0101.32901144.1 
ASSET MONITORING 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such Covered Bonds, in the following 
section. 
Under the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has 
occurred and been enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility 
Agreement, the Borrower shall monitor the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and cause each Affiliate to 
monitor the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security Assets so as to ensure compliance with an asset cover test 
(the "Asset Cover Test").  
Under the SFH Legal Framework, the Specific Controller shall monitor the Borrower Collateral Security 
Assets so as to ensure compliance with a minimum legal Overcollateralisation Ratio (the "Minimum Legal 
Overcollateralisation Ratio" and a maximum percentage of Legal Substitution Assets (the "Maximum Legal 
Substitution Assets Percentage").  
Under the Cash Collateral Agreement and for so long as no Borrower Event of Default has occurred and been 
enforced subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the 
Borrower, as Cash Collateral Provider, shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount determined in 
accordance with the Cash Collateral Agreement. 
Under Condition 5(f) and following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer shall ensure compliance 
with an amortisation test (the "Amortisation Test").  
I. 
THE ASSET COVER TEST 
The following terms shall have the following definitions: 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means the twentieth (20th) day of each calendar month and each issuance date of a 
Series or a Tranche of Covered Bonds. The first Asset Cover Test Date was on 20 December 2006. 
"Asset Cover Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Asset Cover Test Date, each period starting 
on, and including, the immediately preceding Asset Cover Test Date, and ending on, and excluding such Asset 
Cover Test Date. 
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test requires compliance with the asset cover ratio R specified below (the 
"Asset Cover Ratio"). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to time subject to, 
and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and the Calculation 
Services Agreement. 
The Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
"R" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Asset Cover Test Date: 
R= 
Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)
Aggregate Covered  Bond Outstanding Principal Amount 
 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount" or "ACBOPA" means, at any Asset Cover Test 
Date, the aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro Equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds 
denominated in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds;  
whereby:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
WS0101.32901144.1 
"Euro Equivalent" means the Euro equivalent amount of the relevant amount denominated in the Specified 
Currency (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), being specified that, if any 
Borrower Advance is denominated in a Specified Currency and the Issuer and the Borrower have agreed in 
advance the foreign exchange rate that will be applicable, either (i) in the Hedging Agreements entered into by 
the Issuer or (ii) in the final terms for the related Borrower Advance, as applicable, then the amount of Eligible 
Assets that will be required to be transferred by the Borrower and/or an Affiliate in accordance with the 
relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement or any Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement 
and which shall secure the "euro equivalent" amount of such Borrower Advance, shall be calculated using the 
above mentioned pre-agreed foreign exchange rate. 
"Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA)" means, at any Asset Cover Test Date:  
(AAAA) = A + B + C + D 
whereby: 
"A" means the lower of "A1" and "A2". 
"A1" is equal to the sum of all Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts of all Relevant Home 
Loans (see section entitled "The main Programme Documents - The Borrower Collateral Security" for a 
description of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria) during the applicable Asset Cover Test Calculation Period 
(the "Relevant Home Loans"), as such Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts under Borrower 
Facility will be calculated on the relevant Asset Cover Test Date, whereby:  
"Adjusted Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home Loan, 
the lower of: 
(i) 
the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant Home Loan minus the Applicable 
Deemed Reductions; and 
(ii) 
the LTV Cut-Off Percentage of the Indexed Valuation relating to such Relevant Home Loan minus 
the Applicable Deemed Reductions. 
"Applicable Deemed Reductions" means the aggregate sum of the financial losses incurred by the Borrower 
or (as appropriate) any Affiliate with respect to the Relevant Home Loans to the extent that such financial 
losses have been incurred as a direct result of a material breach of the Servicing Procedures by the Borrower or 
(as appropriate) such Affiliate during the applicable Asset Cover Test Calculation Period (see section entitled 
"The main Programme Documents - The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement – Asset Servicing" for 
a description of the Servicing Procedures).  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Home Loan, the amount 
of principal outstanding at the relevant Asset Cover Test Date under such Relevant Home Loan. 
"Index" means the index of increases of house prices issued by INSEE in relation to residential properties in 
France. 
"Indexed Valuation" means at any date in relation to any Relevant Home Loan secured over any property: 
(i) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is equal to or greater than the Price Indexed 
Valuation as at that date, the Price Indexed Valuation; or 
(ii) 
where the Original Market Value of that property is less than the Price Indexed Valuation as at that 
date, the Original Market Value plus eighty per cent. (80%) of the difference between the Price 
Indexed Valuation and the Original Market Value. 
"LTV Cut-Off Percentage" means: 
(i) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Mortgage;

--- Page 138 ---
138 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(ii) 
eighty per cent. (80%) for each Relevant Home Loan secured by a Home Loan Guarantee issued by 
Crédit Logement; 
(iii) 
a percentage which will be agreed with the Rating Agencies from time to time for each Relevant 
Home Loan that has the benefit of an insurance policy with an acceptable insurer or guarantee with 
an acceptable financial institution, insuring the credit risk under such Relevant Home Loan; and 
(iv) 
a percentage which will be determined in accordance with the methodologies published by S&P and 
Fitch Ratings from time to time for each Relevant Home Loan not mentioned under (i) to (iii) above.  
"Original Market Value" in relation to any property means the purchase price of such property or (as 
applicable) the most recent valuation of such property, as disclosed to the Borrower or the relevant Affiliate by 
the relevant debtor under the related Relevant Home Loan. 
"Price Indexed Valuation" in relation to any property at any date means the Original Market Value of that 
property increased or decreased as appropriate by the increase or decrease in the Index since the date of the 
Original Market Value. 
"Relevant Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Asset Cover Test Date, any Home Loan from which 
Home Loan receivables have been transferred as Borrower Collateral Security, excluding Home Loans which 
do not comply any more with the applicable Home Loan Eligibility Criteria. 
"A2" is equal to the sum of all unadjusted "Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Relevant Home 
Loans minus the Applicable Deemed Reductions (as defined above) multiplied by the applicable Asset 
Percentage, whereby: 
"Asset Percentage" means (i) ninety-two point five per cent. (92.5%) or (ii) such percentage figure as is 
determined on quarterly basis by the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the relevant terms of the Borrower 
Collateral Security Agreement.  
For the purpose of the calculation of the Asset Percentage referred to in (ii) above, the Issuer Calculation Agent 
will calculate, on a quarterly basis (subject to below), the WARR, the WAFF, and the WALS (and/or such 
figures calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent in accordance with any relevant alternative methodologies 
published by S&P and Fitch Ratings) for all Relevant Home Loans or for a random sample of the same. The 
WARR, WAFF and WALS (or other relevant figures) so calculated will be incorporated by the Issuer 
Calculation Agent into one (1) or more cash flow models designed by the Issuer Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the methodologies published by S&P and Fitch Ratings. Such models, which test the credit 
enhancement required in various cash flow scenarios, will indicate, on the basis of the latest WARR, WAFF 
and WALS figures (or other relevant figures), the Asset Percentage needed in order to provide credit 
enhancement to cover all such cash flow scenarios. Save where otherwise determined in accordance with the 
methodologies published by S&P and Fitch Ratings, the Asset Percentage will be adjusted in accordance with 
the various methodologies published by S&P and Fitch Ratings provided that the Asset Percentage may not, at 
any time, exceed ninety two point five per cent. (92.5%). 
"B" is equal to the aggregate amount of cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account, as reported 
by the Borrower in the relevant Asset Report. 
"C" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Eligible Substitution Assets held by the Issuer (the 
"Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA)") provided that, the amount of the Aggregate 
Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA) (whatever such amount is at any Asset Cover Test Date) shall in 
any event account only for up to twenty per cent. (20%) of the Adjusted Aggregate Asset Amount (AAAA) for 
the purposes hereof. The Aggregate Eligible Substitution Asset Amount (AESAA) shall be reported by the 
Borrower in the relevant Asset Report. Eligible Substitution Assets will be valued on the last Business Day of 
the calendar month immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their 
mark-to-market value at a discount based on a methodology published by the Rating Agencies. 
For the purposes of the above calculation, an "Eligible Substitution Asset" is: 
(a) 
any Legal Substitution Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or another Specified 
Currency demand or time deposit, certificate of deposit, long-term debt obligation or short-term debt

--- Page 139 ---
139 
WS0101.32901144.1 
obligation (including commercial paper) provided that in all cases such investment has a remaining 
period to maturity of one (1) year or less and the short-term unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt obligations or, as applicable, the long-term unsecured, unguaranteed and 
unsubordinated debt obligations of the issuing or guaranteeing entity or the entity with which the 
demand or time deposit is made (being duly licensed for such purposes) are rated at least A1+/AA- by 
S&P and AA- and F1+ by Fitch Ratings (or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be 
required by applicable laws and regulations and (ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds); or 
(b) 
any Legal Substitution Asset (other than a Permitted Investment) which is a Euro or another Specified 
Currency denominated government and public securities, provided that such investment has a remaining 
maturity of one (1) year or less and is rated at least AAA by S&P and AAA by Fitch Ratings (or, after 
the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and (ii) 
commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds); or 
(c) 
any substitution assets which are eligible for an investment by a société de financement à l'habitat and 
which comply with the then applicable criteria determined in accordance with the methodologies 
published by the Rating Agencies. 
"D" is equal to the aggregate value outstanding under all Permitted Investments, as determined by the Issuer 
Accounts Bank (or the Administrator on its behalf) and reported to the Issuer Calculation Agent pursuant to the 
Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement. Permitted Investments will be valued on the last Business Day of the 
calendar month immediately preceding each Asset Cover Test Date and be taken into account for their mark-
to-market value at a discount based on a methodology published by the Rating Agencies. 
Calculation of the Asset Cover Ratio (R) 
On each Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Ratio (R) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent 
according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Asset Cover Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer and the Borrower (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of its calculation of the Asset Cover 
Ratio (R). 
Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test 
Non compliance with the Asset Cover Test (the "Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test") would result from 
the Asset Cover Test Ratio (R) being less than one (1). 
Remedies 
Upon Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Borrower shall (and, at its 
sole discretion and subject to the relevant terms of the Affiliate Collateral Security Agreements, shall procure 
that the Affiliates): 
(i) 
transfer additional Eligible Assets as Borrower Collateral Security (and as appropriate as Affiliate 
Collateral Security); and/or 
(ii) 
request a substitution of Eligible Assets from the Borrower Collateral Security (and as appropriate 
the relevant Affiliate Collateral Security); 
in each case, as necessary to cure such Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test. 
A Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test does not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Borrower Event of Default. However, it will prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series as long as it 
remains unremedied.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Breach of Asset Cover Test 
The failure by the Borrower to cure a Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test occurred on any Asset Cover 
Test Date prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" 
within the meaning of the Borrower Collateral Security Agreement. The Issuer Calculation Agent will inform 
promptly the Issuer and the Borrower (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) of its calculation of the Asset Cover 
Ratio and, if applicable, the occurrence of a Breach of Asset Cover Test. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test constitutes the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default.  
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will not constitute the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default but will prevent 
the Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of Auto-held 
Covered-Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
II. 
THE MINIMUM LEGAL OVERCOLLATERALISATION RATIO 
In accordance with the French SFH Legal Framework on the date hereof, and in particular pursuant to Articles 
L. 513-12 and R. 513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Issuer 
must at all times maintain a Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio (see section entitled "Summary of the 
SFH Legal Framework and other legal issues").  
Non-compliance by the Issuer with the Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio shall constitute a "Breach 
of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio". The Specific Controller is legally responsible for notifying 
promptly the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution of the occurrence of a Breach of 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio. Upon such notification, the Issuer shall then notify the Borrower, 
the Rating Agencies and the Issuer Calculation Agent of the same. 
A Breach of Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower 
Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. However, it may trigger the withdrawal of the license of the 
Issuer as a société de financement de l'habitat. 
III. 
THE MAXIMUM LEGAL SUBSTITUTION ASSETS PERCENTAGE 
Pursuant to Articles L. 513-7 and R. 513-6 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the Legal Substitution Assets of the Issuer shall not exceed the Maximum Legal Substitution Assets 
Percentage save for those Legal Substitution Assets set out in paragraph 2 of Article R. 513-6 and paragraph 2 
of Article R. 513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (see section 
"Summary of the SFH Legal Framework and other legal issues").  
Upon the Legal Substitution Assets of the Issuer exceeding the Maximum Legal Substitution Assets 
Percentage, this shall constitute a "Breach of Maximum Legal Substitution Assets Limit" by the Issuer. The 
Specific Controller ensures the Issuer and the Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution are promptly 
notified of the occurrence of a Breach of Maximum Legal Substitution Assets Limit. Upon receipt of such 
notice, the Issuer will then notify the Borrower, the Rating Agencies and the Issuer Calculation Agent of the 
same. 
A Breach of Maximum Legal Substitution Assets Limit does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event 
of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. However, it may trigger the withdrawal of the license of the Issuer as 
a société de financement de l'habitat. 
IV. 
THE LEGAL LIQUIDITY RESERVE 
In order to enable the Issuer to meet its obligation to cover its liquidity needs in accordance with the SFH 
Legal Framework, pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Collateral Agreement, the Cash Collateral Provider 
shall fund the Cash Collateral Account up to an amount equal to, on each calendar day, the amount 
corresponding to the liquidity needs of the Issuer for the coming Legal Liquidity Cover Period calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of Article R. 513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) (as it may be amended from time to time) by taking into account expected principal and 
interests inflows due by all the debtors under the Borrower Collateral Security Assets and net flows under the 
Hedging Agreements less, as the case may be, the amount of any Legal Substitution Assets held by the Issuer

--- Page 141 ---
141 
WS0101.32901144.1 
on such date and the value of any asset that are eligible as collateral to the credit transactions (opérations de 
crédit) of the Banque de France in accordance with the monetary policy and intra-day credit operations rules 
of the Eurosystem held by the Issuer on such date (the "Legal Liquidity Reserve").  
Provided that, following the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event (as defined below), the 
obligations of the Cash Collateral Provider to fund the Legal Liquidity Reserve shall be read in conjunction 
with the obligation of the Cash Collateral Provider with respect to the Pre-Maturity Test (see section "Asset 
monitoring - The Pre-Maturity Test" below). 
The failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund the Legal Liquidity Reserve in accordance with the relevant 
terms of the Cash Collateral Agreement does not constitute the occurrence of a Borrower Event of Default or 
an Issuer Event of Default but may trigger the withdrawal of the license of the Issuer as société de financement 
de l'habitat. 
"Legal Liquidity Cover Period" means a period of one hundred and eighty (180) calendar days. 
V. 
THE PRE-MATURITY TEST 
The contractual liquidity test of the Issuer (the "Pre-Maturity Test) shall be deemed complied with for so long 
as, in relation to any and each Series of Covered Bonds, (i) no Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has 
occurred during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, or (ii) if, to the contrary, a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade 
Event has occurred and is continuing during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, the Cash Collateral Provider has 
duly funded the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash Collateral, up to the relevant amount within 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the day of occurrence of such Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event or any 
relevant date thereafter. 
The Cash Collateral Provider shall be requested to fund the Cash Collateral Account with the relevant Cash 
Collateral, up to the relevant amount, if the Borrower fails to maintain, during any Pre-Maturity Test Period (as 
defined below), any of the Pre-Maturity Rating Required Levels (a "Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade 
Event"). The occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event does not constitute the occurrence of a 
Borrower Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default. 
The following credit ratings with respect to the Borrower are defined as the "Pre-Maturity Rating Required 
Levels" for the purposes of the Cash Collateral Agreement: 
(i) 
A-1 (short-term) and A (long-term) by S&P; and  
(ii) 
F1 (short-term) or A (long-term) by Fitch Ratings; 
or, after the date hereof, any other rating levels (i) as may be required by applicable laws and regulations and 
(ii) commensurate with the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds. 
Upon the occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall inform the 
Cash Collateral Provider of the same within three (3) Business Days from such occurrence by written notice 
(the "Cash Collateral Funding Notice") delivered to the Cash Collateral Provider (with a copy to the Issuer, 
the Administrator and the Rating Agencies). 
At any relevant time and in particular upon receipt of a Cash Collateral Funding Notice by the Cash Collateral 
Provider, the Cash Collateral Provider shall fund the Cash Collateral Account within the required time period 
specified above up to an amount (the "Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount" or "CCRFA") 
calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent as being equal to the greater of: 
a. 
the Pre-Maturity Test Required Amount; and 
b. 
the amount of the Legal Liquidity Reserve on such date.  
The following amount is defined as the “Pre-Maturity Test Required Amount” for the purposes of 
the Cash Collateral Agreement: 
Pre-Maturity Test Required Amount = A+B+C

--- Page 142 ---
142 
WS0101.32901144.1 
with: 
A = Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount in relation to the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds 
B = Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Interest Amount in relation to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds  
C = Pre-Maturity Costs 
whereby:  
"Pre-Maturity Costs" means the aggregate amount of fees, costs, expenses, taxes and other 
ancillary sums (excluding interest and principal amounts) scheduled to be paid by the Issuer within 
the next one hundred eighty (180th) calendar days and known by the Issuer at the date of the delivery 
of the Cash Collateral Funding Notice. 
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Principal Amount" means the aggregate amount (in Euro or Euro 
Equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro) of 
principal that will become due and payable under any relevant outstanding Covered Bonds for which 
the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Period has started. For the avoidance of doubt and when applicable, 
the Euro principal amount that will become due and payable by the Issuer under the Issuer Hedging 
Agreement for the same period shall be taken into account instead for Covered Bonds denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than Euro. 
"Pre-Maturity Covered Bond Interest Amount" means the aggregate amount (in Euro or Euro 
Equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro) of 
interest that will become due and payable under any outstanding Covered Bonds within the next one 
hundred eighty (180th) calendar days. For the avoidance of doubt, the Euro interest amount that will 
become due and payable by the Issuer under the Issuer Hedging Agreement for the same period shall 
be taken into account instead for Covered Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
Euro. 
"Pre-Maturity Test Period" means (i) with respect to any Series of outstanding Covered Bonds 
which are not Soft Bullet Covered Bonds, the period starting from, and including, the one hundred 
eighty (180th) calendar day preceding the Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and 
including, such Final Maturity Date, and (ii) with respect to any Series of outstanding Soft Bullet 
Covered Bonds, the period starting from, and excluding, the one hundred eighty (180th) calendar day 
preceding the Extended Final Maturity Date of that Series and ending on, and including, such 
Extended Final Maturity Date. 
"Soft Bullet Covered Bonds" means the Covered Bonds containing an Extended Final Maturity 
Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Each of the following events shall constitute a "Breach of Pre-Maturity Test"": 
(a) 
the failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the CCRFA within 
fourteen (14) calendar days from the day of occurrence of a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event; or 
(b) 
as long as a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event is continuing during any Pre-Maturity Test Period, 
the failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to maintain at any time into the Cash Collateral Account an 
amount equal to the CCRFA within fourteen (14) calendar days from that time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if on the same date, an Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event has also occurred and 
is continuing, such failure shall be assessed if the credit balance of the Cash Collateral Account on the relevant 
date is not at least equal to the sum of the Interest Reserve and the relevant CCRFA. A Breach of Pre-Maturity 
Test shall constitute a Borrower Event of Default under the Borrower Facility Agreement.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
WS0101.32901144.1 
VI. 
THE INTEREST RESERVE 
Upon downgrading of the credit ratings of the Borrower below A or A-1 by S&P (each, an "Interest Reserve 
Rating Trigger Event"), the Cash Collateral Provider shall be required to fund into the credit of the Cash 
Collateral Account, within thirty (30) calendar days following the occurrence of an Interest Reserve Rating 
Trigger Event, an amount calculated by the Issuer Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions below. 
The amount to be funded and maintained into the credit of the Cash Collateral Account in this respect (the 
"Interest Reserve") shall be equal to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the interests amounts (in Euro or Euro Equivalent with respect to Covred Bonds denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than Euro) to be paid under the Covered Bonds until the latest maturity of 
the Covered Bonds (by taking into account, for any floating rate interest amount, forward 
projections of the relevant index). For the avoidance of doubt, the Euro interest amount to be paid by 
the Issuer under the Issuer Hedging Agreement shall be taken into account instead for Covered 
Bonds denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro; and 
(ii) 
the interests amounts to be received under the Collateral Security Assets (taking into account their 
contractual amortization profile and assuming, for floating rate interests, that the rates remain on 
their current level as of calculation date) until the latest maturity of the Covered Bonds.  
As long as an Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event is continuing, on each Asset Cover Test Date following 
the occurrence of the Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event, the Cash Collateral Provider shall fund into the 
Cash Collateral Account an amount equal to the Interest Reserve (it any) on such date.  
Each of the following events shall constitute a "Breach of Interest Reserve Funding Requirement": 
(a) 
the failure by the Cash Collateral Provider to fund into the Cash Collateral Account the Interest Reserve 
within thirty (30) calendar days from the day of occurrence of an Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event; 
or 
(b) 
as long as an Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event is continuing, the failure by the Cash Collateral 
Provider to maintain at any time into the Cash Collateral Account an amount equal to the Interest 
Reserve within thirty (30) calendar days from that time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if on the same date, a Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event has also occurred and 
is continuing, such failure shall be assessed if the credit balance of the Cash Collateral Account on the relevant 
date is not at least equal to the sum of the Interest Reserve and the relevant CCRFA. A Breach of Interest 
Reserve Funding Requirement shall constitute a Borrower Event of Default under the Borrower Facility 
Agreement. 
VII. 
THE AMORTISATION TEST 
Following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant 
terms of the Borrower Facility Agreement, the Issuer undertakes to comply with the Amortisation Test in 
accordance with Condition 5 (f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds.  
For the purpose of the determination of the Amortisation Ratio, the following terms shall have the following 
definitions: 
"Amortisation Test Date" means the twentieth (20th) day of each calendar month following the enforcement 
of a Borrower Event of Default. 
"Amortisation Test Calculation Period" means, in relation to any Amortisation Test Date, each period 
starting on, and including, the immediately preceding Amortisation Test Date, and ending on, and excluding 
such Amortisation Test Date. 
Compliance with the Amortisation Test requires compliance with the amortisation ratio RA specified below 
(the "Amortisation Ratio (RA) "). Such compliance is tested by the Issuer Calculation Agent from time to 
time throughout the period following the enforcement of a Borrower Event of Default subject to, and in

--- Page 144 ---
144 
WS0101.32901144.1 
accordance with the Condition 5(f) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the Calculation 
Services Agreement. 
The Amortisation Ratio 
"RA" means the following ratio which shall be at least equal to one (1) at each Amortisation Test Date: 
RA = TAAA'
ACBOPA 
whereby: 
"Aggregate Covered Bond Outstanding Principal Amount" or "ACBOPA means, at any Amortisation Test 
Date, the aggregate amount of principal (in Euro or Euro Equivalent with respect to Covered Bonds 
denominated in a Specified Currency) outstanding at such date under all Covered Bonds.  
"Transferred Aggregate Asset Amount (TAAA')" means, at any Amortisation Test Date: 
(TAAA') = A' + B + C + D + E 
whereby: 
"A'" is equal to the sum of all "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" of all Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan, as such "Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amounts" will be calculated 
on the relevant Amortisation Test Date, whereby:  
"Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant Transferred 
Home Loan, the amount of principal outstanding at the relevant Amortisation Test Date under such 
Relevant Transferred Home Loan; 
"Relevant Transferred Home Loan" means, with respect to a given Amortisation Test Date, any 
Borrower Collateral Security Asset; and 
"Transferred Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount" means, with respect to each Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan, the Home Loan Outstanding Principal Amount of such Relevant 
Transferred Home Loan (in Euro or Euro Equivalent with respect to Home Loans denominated in a 
Specified Currency) multiplied by M, where for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that are 
less than three (3) months in arrears, M = 1 and for all the Relevant Transferred Home Loans that 
are three (3) months or more in arrears, M = 0.7. 
"B", "C" and "D" have the meaning ascribed to such terms, and shall be determined, on each relevant 
Amortisation Test Date, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms and formula described in "The Asset 
Cover Test" above. 
"E" is equal to the aggregate amount of principal and interest payments, distributions, indemnities, insurance 
and other proceeds, payments under any Home Loan Security and other sums received during the applicable 
Amortisation Test Calculation Period by the Issuer from the debtors or other relevant entities under the 
Borrower Collateral Security Assets, as the same shall be reported by the Issuer Calculation Agent on each 
Amortisation Test Date subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Calculation Services 
Agreement. 
Calculation of the Amortisation Ratio 
On each Amortisation Test Date, the Amortisation Ratio (RA) shall be calculated by the Issuer Calculation 
Agent according to the terms, definitions and calculation formula set forth above. 
No later than three (3) Business Days following any Amortisation Test Date, the Issuer Calculation Agent shall 
inform the Issuer (with a copy to the Rating Agencies and to the Specific Controller) of its calculation of the 
Amortisation Ratio (RA).

--- Page 145 ---
145 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Non Compliance with Amortisation Test 
A "Non Compliance with Amortisation Test" will result from the Amortisation Ratio (RA) being less than 
one (1). 
A Non Compliance with Amortisation Test will not constitute an Issuer Event of Default. However, it will 
prevent the Issuer from issuing any further Series, except for the purposes of subscription by the Issuer of 
Auto-held Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 19. 
Breach of Amortisation Test 
The failure by the Issuer to cure a Non Compliance with Amortisation Test occurred on any Amortisation Test 
Date prior to the next following Amortisation Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Amortisation Test". The 
Issuer Calculation Agent will inform promptly the Issuer, each relevant Representative (with a copy to the 
Rating Agencies and to the Specific Controller) of the occurrence of a Breach of Amortisation Test. 
A Breach of Amortisation Test constitutes the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
WS0101.32901144.1 
CASH FLOW 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such Covered Bonds, in the following 
section. 
Cash management 
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement, the Administrator will assist the Issuer in operating its bank 
accounts, the management and investment of its available cash in Permitted Investments in accordance with the 
relevant Permitted Investments rules, and any other matters in relation to the management of its bank accounts 
and funds so as to ensure that the Issuer will at all times comply with the provisions of the Programme 
Documents and the SFH Legal Framework.  
Pursuant to the Administrative Agreement and, subject to and, in accordance with the Terms and Conditions, 
the Administrator will invest any cash standing from time to time to the credit of the Issuer Cash Accounts 
pending application in accordance with the Priority Payment Orders (see section entitled "Cash Flow - 
Priority Payment Orders"), in instruments which qualify as "Permitted Investments" (as defined in "The 
Issuer – The Administrative Agreement"). 
Issuer Accounts 
Available Funds of the Issuer will be from time to time credited and debited by the Administrator on behalf of 
the Issuer into the Issuer Cash Accounts opened in the books of the Issuer Accounts Bank (see section entitled 
"The main Programme Documents – The Issuer Accounts Bank Agreement" for a further description of 
the Issuer Accounts). 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Available Funds" means: 
(a) 
in the absence of service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice 
has been served to the Fiscal Agent (with copy to the Issuer and to the Rating Agencies) or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds from the Borrower under the Borrower Facility Agreement; 
(ii) 
cash standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account or the Share Capital Proceeds Account 
(including proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with such cash (if any));  
(iii) any Cash Collateral (if any) standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account and the Affiliate 
Debt Commingling Account (including proceeds from Permitted Investments invested with any 
such Cash Collateral (if any));  
(iv) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account; and 
(v) 
payment proceeds from the Issuer Hedging Agreements and Borrower Hedging Agreements (if 
any). 
(b) 
following the service of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and enforcement of the Borrower Collateral 
Security (and whether an Issuer Enforcement Notice has been served to the Fiscal Agent (with copy to 
the Issuer and to the Rating Agencies) or not): 
(i) 
payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer following 
service of a notice to any or all debtors under the Home Loans mentioning the new payment 
instructions to be observed by the same with respect to the payment of sums due under the Home 
Loans and/or the related Asset Contractual Documentation and standing to the credit of the Issuer 
General Account;

--- Page 147 ---
147 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(ii) 
insurance proceeds and other proceeds (other than that proceeds mentioned in (i)) above received 
entities by the Issuer under the Home Loans and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account; 
(iii) payment proceeds, whether in interest, principal or otherwise, received by the Issuer from the 
debtors under the Legal Substitution Assets and standing to the credit of the Issuer General 
Account; 
(iv) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
the Home Loans and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(v) 
proceeds from the enforcement of any Home Loan Security (if any) and standing to the credit of 
the Issuer General Account; 
(vi) 
cash from Permitted Investments (if any) standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account; 
(vii) cash standing to the credit of the Cash Collateral Account Account and the Affiliate Debt 
Commingling Account; 
(viii) payment proceeds from the Issuer Hedging Agreements and Borrower Hedging Agreements (if 
any);  
(ix) 
cash standing to the credit of the Share Capital Proceeds Account; and 
(x) 
proceeds from disposal of, transfer, sale or refinancing (by way of securitisation or otherwise) of 
all other eligible assets of the Issuer and standing to the credit of the Issuer General Account. 
Priority Payment Orders 
Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the absence of service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and in the absence of service of an Issuer 
Enforcement Notice, on any Payment Date and (as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, if any) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) 
will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the relevant Issuer Cash Accounts 
and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities Accounts (other than the Issuer General Account) from 
the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall credit the same into the 
Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the appropriate instructions 
on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available Funds of the Issuer to 
the following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in the following Pre-Enforcement Priority Payment 
Order: 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts (including 
in particular but without limitation any termination cost) then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, 
as the case may be, after netting if applicable in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-10 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), under the Issuer Hedging 
Agreements (other than the Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs, as defined below) (the 
"Issuer Hedging Costs");  
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest 
Amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds;  
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then 
due and payable by the Issuer, if any, in respect of any payments to be made by the Issuer following 
an early termination of the Issuer Hedging Agreements as a result of an event of default under the 
same in respect of which the relevant hedge counterparty of the Issuer is the defaulting party or

--- Page 148 ---
148 
WS0101.32901144.1 
following a termination event of the same in respect of which the hedge counterparty of the Issuer is 
the affected party (together, the "Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs"); 
(v) 
fifthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of the amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer to (a) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the Administrative 
Agreement, if any, and (b) the servicer under the servicing agreement pursuant to which the 
servicing of the Borrower Collateral Security Assets would be carried out by this new servicer in 
accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), as the case may be; 
(vi) 
sixthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts 
(excluding any termination amounts which shall be reduced to zero (0) in accordance with the 
Borrower Hedging Agreement) then due and payable by the Issuer, if any as the case may be, after 
netting if applicable in accordance with the provisions of Article L. 513-10 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) under the Borrower Hedging Agreement(s) (the 
"Borrower Hedging Costs"); 
(vii) 
seventhly, only after and subject to the payment of any due and payable amounts due to the Issuer's 
creditors under item (i) to item (vi) hereabove (the "Privileged Creditors"), and, as applicable, in 
accordance with any statutory or preference right they may benefit from the then applicable general 
law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) the Issuer's liability, if any, to taxation, (b) any costs, 
expenses, fees, remuneration and indemnity payments (if any) and any other amounts payable by the 
Issuer to any relevant entity in connection with the holding of any meeting of holders of Covered 
Bonds, to any stock exchange and other listing entities where the Covered Bonds are listed, any 
clearing systems entities where the Covered Bonds are cleared, BNP Paribas (with respect to any 
insurance premium, regulatory, professional and legal fees, costs and other expenses paid by BNP 
Paribas on behalf of the Issuer and to be repaid by the Issuer to BNP Paribas subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant terms of the Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de 
Moyens), the Administrator (other than the amounts referred to under item (v) above), the Issuer 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer Accounts Bank, the Paying Agent(s), the Permanent Dealers, the 
Dealers, the Fiscal Agent(s), the Calculation Agent(s), the Issuer's Auditors, the Specific Controller, 
the Substitute Specific Controller, the Representatives and the Rating Agencies in respect of the 
monitoring fees (together (a) and (b), the "Administrative and Tax Costs"), (c) any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash 
Collateral Agreement, and (d) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer with respect 
to any other resources raised by the Issuer, if any, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which do not benefit from 
the Privilège;  
(viii) 
eighthly, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer with respect to (i) any dividend to be then distributed to the Issuer's 
shareholders, and (ii) interest, principal and other payments then due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan; and 
(ix) 
ninthly, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable 
by the Issuer with respect to (i) any dividend to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders, and 
(ii) interest, principal and other payments then due and payable under the Super Subordinated Bonds 
Issue.  
Controlled Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service by the Issuer (represented by the Issuer Independent Representative or by the 
Administrator) to the Borrower of a Borrower Enforcement Notice and thereafter unless and until an Issuer 
Enforcement Notice is served to the Issuer, on any Payment Date and (as applicable) Final Maturity Date (or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, if any) of each relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Administrator (on 
behalf of the Issuer) will give the appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit the relevant 
Issuer Cash Accounts and (as the case may be) the relevant Issuer Securities Accounts (other than the Issuer 
General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall 
credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the 
appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available

--- Page 149 ---
149 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in the following Controlled 
Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Issuer Hedging 
Costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any; or  
(ii) 
secondly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Interest 
Amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iii) 
thirdly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all principal 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant series of Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
fourthly, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any amounts then due and 
payable by the Issuer to (a) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the Administrative 
Agreement, if any, and/or (b) the new servicer under the servicing agreement entered into by the 
Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), as the case may be; 
(v) 
fifthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or towards 
payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Issuer Hedging Subordinated 
Termination Costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any; 
(vi) 
sixthly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of any and all Borrower Hedging Costs then 
due and payable by the Issuer, if any; 
(vii) 
seventhly, only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, and, as 
applicable, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they may benefit from the then 
applicable general law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all Administrative and 
Tax Costs then due and payable by the Issuer and (b) any and all amounts then due and payable by 
the Issuer with respect to any other resources raised by the Issuer, if any, in accordance with Article 
L. 513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which do 
not benefit from the Privilège;  
(viii) 
eighthly, (a) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds, in or 
towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
with respect to any and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of 
the Borrower Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement and any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
to the Cash Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement, (b) only after and subject to 
the full repayment of any outstanding Covered Bonds and sums referred to in (a) above, in or 
towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
to any third parties (with respect to any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the 
Issuer's shareholders, and interest, principal and other payments then due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan), and (c) only after and subject to the full repayment of any outstanding Covered 
Bonds and sums referred to in (a) and (b) above, in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of 
any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the Super Subordinated Bonds Issue 
(including any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders, and 
interest, principal and other payments then due and payable). 
Accelerated Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order 
In the event of service of an Issuer Enforcement Notice and thereafter (whether a Borrower Enforcement 
Notice shall have been served to the Borrower or not), the Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) will promptly 
and no later than three (3) Business Days after receipt by the Issuer of such Issuer Enforcement Notice give the 
appropriate instructions to the Issuer Accounts Bank to debit all the Issuer Accounts (other than the Issuer 
General Account) from the cash that shall constitute the Available Funds of the Issuer on such date and shall 
credit the same into the Issuer General Account. The Administrator (on behalf of the Issuer) shall then give the 
appropriate instructions on such date to the Issuer Accounts Bank and the Paying Agent to apply the Available

--- Page 150 ---
150 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Funds of the Issuer to the following payments owed by the Issuer on such date, in the following Accelerated 
Post-Enforcement Priority Payment Order: 
(i) 
first, in or towards payment or discharge pari passu and pro rata of (a) any and all Issuer Hedging 
Costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, and remaining unpaid at such date, (b) any and all 
amounts then due and payable by the Issuer under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (and 
remaining unpaid at such date), it being provided that in case of insufficient available funds to pay 
all the sums then due under such Series of Covered Bonds, if an amount of interests is due on the 
same day than an amount of principal under the same Series of Covered Bonds, the payment is made 
first on the interests amounts due and (c) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer 
(and remaining unpaid at such date) to (x) the Administrator under Clauses 7, 8 and 9 of the 
Administrative Agreement, if any, and/or (y) any new servicer under the servicing agreement 
entered into by the Issuer in accordance with Article L. 513-15 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as the case may be;  
(ii) 
secondly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) above, in or 
towards payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in full of any and all Issuer Hedging 
Subordinated Termination Costs then due and payable by the Issuer and remaining unpaid at such 
date; 
(iii) 
thirdly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (ii) above, in 
or towards payment or discharge pari passu, pro rata and in full of any and all Borrower Hedging 
Costs then due and payable by the Issuer, if any, and remaining unpaid at such date; 
(iv) 
fourthly, after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iii) above, 
and, as applicable, in accordance with any statutory or preference right they may benefit from the 
then applicable general law, in or towards payment or discharge of (a) any and all Administrative 
and Tax Costs and (b) any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer with respect to any 
other resources raised by the Issuer, if any, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which do not benefit from the 
Privilège; and  
(v) 
fifthly, (a) after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iv) above, 
in or towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts due by the Issuer with respect 
to any and all enforcement proceeds surplus amounts remaining after enforcement of the Borrower 
Collateral Security subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Borrower Collateral 
Security Agreement and any and all amounts then due and payable by the Issuer to the Cash 
Collateral Provider under the Cash Collateral Agreement, (b) after and subject to the full repayment 
of any and all sums referred to in (i) to (iv) above and any sums referred to in (a) above, in or 
towards payment pari passu and pro rata of any and all amounts due by the Issuer to any third 
parties (with respect to any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's 
shareholders, and interest, principal and other payments then due and payable under the 
Subordinated Loan), and (c) after and subject to the full repayment of any and all sums referred to in 
(i) to (iv) above and any sums referred to in (a) and (b) above, in or towards payment pari passu and 
pro rata of any and all amounts due by the Issuer under the Super Subordinated Bonds Issue 
(including any dividend already voted and to be then distributed to the Issuer's shareholders, and 
interest, principal and other payments then due and payable).

--- Page 151 ---
151 
WS0101.32901144.1 
ORIGINATION OF THE HOME LOANS 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such Covered Bonds, in the following 
section. 
The large majority of home loans originated by salespersons within BNP Paribas are originated pursuant to a 
so called DEFI Immo procedure which makes it possible, in real time and through computerised means, to (i) 
deal with requests in the client's presence, (ii) register the home loan agreement, (iii) validate the request 
technical and back-office aspects, (iv) open loan accounts and (v) prepare the various documents necessary for 
the transaction’s completion. 
For home loans which do not comply with standard underwriting criteria, a so-called "Hors DEFI" procedure is 
implemented which is essentially manual although partially computerized, as further detailed below. 
Pre Acceptance Controls 
Prior to lauching an acceptance process, information on the client are collected from the French Fichier des 
Incidents de Remboursement des Crédits aux Particuliers (central administration for consumer loans) and the 
French Fichier Central des Chèques (central administration for checks). If it appears that the client is 
registered as a defaulting borrower, the application of such client for a home loan is immediately declined. 
Under his responsibility, the relevant salesperson shall also collect information from a general information 
system within BNP Paribas. The salesperson is also responsible for the completion of the loan file and 
collection of all necessary relevant documents (tax profile of the client, ownership of the property, insurance 
policies, etc.). 
When a home loan guarantee is requested from Crédit Logement, the pre acceptance process is coupled with 
the acceptance process run by Crédit Logement via an exchange of electronic data system which operates in 
real time. 
Scoring through the DEFI Immo procedure 
 Two acceptance scorecards (score d'octroi) (Customers and Prospects) based on historical data bank 
behavior and socio-demographic data of mortgage underwriters are used for estimating the risk of granting 
to a borrower. The scoring process takes into account various criteria such as the client indebtedness, the 
property valuation, the home loan maximum amount, the client assets and revenues, the client banking 
relationship and profession, etc. 
Theses specifics scorecards are fully integrated into the application DEFI Immo (home loans with an 
amount up to 1M€ are scored by the system). The scoring is a recommendation to the salesperson as to 
whether the home loan request may be immediately accepted or not. 
 The debt ratio plays an important role in the granting process. If a customer does not comply with all the 
rules, it is then subject to a refusal. Only a limited number of employees with adequate powers are entitled 
to derogate from a refusal of the expert system (decision limited to the Head of the Group of branches).  
Under the "Hors DEFI" procedure, no automatic scoring is established and the file form is manually prepared 
by the relevant salesperson. 
Acceptance 
Depending on the delegation level of the relevant salesperson (in terms of acceptance of maximum amounts, 
negotiation of margins and fees, etc.), the relevant salesperson will be authorised to accept the home loan 
request on its own or not. If not, directors take the responsibility for the acceptance.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Pre-Funding Controls 
Once accepted, the home loan request file (in both its electronic and physical format) is transmitted to the one 
of the six (6) central agencies which are responsible within BNP Paribas for the commercial support (Agence 
de Production et d'Appui Commercial Financement des Particuliers). 
During this phase, the persons in charge at such agencies are responsible for liaising with all relevant third 
parties (Crédit Logement, notary public, etc.). The home loan offer and home loan documentation may only be 
issued to the client once all required documents have been obtained and required conditions have been met. 
Upon the return of an offer by a client, the persons in charge at such agencies check the validity of the 
acceptance by the client (annotations, signatures, dates, etc.) and proceed with the funding of the home loan. 
Servicing 
The servicing of the home loans is carried out by the servicers at the relevant Agence de Production et d'Appui 
Commercial Financement des Particuliers. 
Responsibilities of the servicers include in particular: 
(a) 
Acceptance of full or partial early repayment; 
(b) 
Renegotiations of rates; 
(c) 
Rescheduling; 
(d) 
Waivers; 
(e) 
Substitution of borrower or guarantees. 
Since the beginning of 2012, a process completely dematerialized has been implemented, based on a dedicated 
electronic work flow called MAESTRO.  
The home loans files have been doubled archived in both its electronic and physical format (including 
guaranties agreements).  
Arrears management 
As soon as a client experiences financial difficulties and, at the latest, upon the payment default, a specialized 
advisor within one of the seven BNP Paribas CSSB (Centre Spécialisé en Solution Budgétaire) becomes 
responsible of the servicing and collection with respect to the relevant home. This advisor examines all 
amicable solutions, aiming to avoid possible or further payment defaults. 
If an amicable solution cannot be implemented and provided that three months of unpaid instalments, the 
responsibility for the servicing and collection of the home loan is handed over to a collection agency. 
As from the third month of non-payment, with respect to a home loan guaranteed by Crédit Logement, the 
guarantee is drawn in favour of BNP Paribas. Crédit Logement must start paying the relevant guaranteed 
amounts within one month of receipt of the relevant drawing notice. Upon payment by Crédit Logement, the 
latter becomes responsible for the servicing of the home loan. Crédit Logement shall make its best efforts to 
reach an amicable solution with the client. Crédit Logement can opt either to reimburse to BNP Paribas only 
the guaranteed amounts which are due or immediately accelerate the payment of all guaranteed amounts. 
Crédit Logement is committed to accelerate the payment of all the guaranteed amounts. 
Four interregional litigation departments within BNP Paribas (services contentieux interrégionaux) are 
responsible for collecting proceeds by enforcing the mortgages, insurance and other security and guarantees 
(other than the guarantees from Crédit Logement) securing the repayment of the home loan.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will only include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such French Law Covered Bonds, in 
the following section.  
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or 
around 30 June 2021 between the Issuer, the Arranger and the Permanent Dealer (the "Dealer Agreement"), 
the Covered Bonds will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealer. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Covered 
Bonds may be resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as 
determined by the relevant Dealer. The Covered Bonds may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, 
acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer Agreement also provides for Covered Bonds to be issued in 
syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Covered Bonds 
subscribed by it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for their expenses incurred in connection 
with the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Covered Bonds. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any 
agreement that they make to subscribe Covered Bonds in certain circumstances prior to payment for such 
Covered Bonds being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular 
following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer shall, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or 
distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefore. 
United States 
Non-U.S. Distributions 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not at any time 
be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds, delivered in the United States (as defined in 
Regulation S) or to, or for the account or benefit of, any person who is (a) a U.S. person (as defined in 
Regulation S) or (b) not a Non-United States person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7). 
 The Covered Bonds are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions in 
reliance on Regulation S. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
Materialised Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not at any time be offered, sold 
or delivered in the United States or its possessions or to a United States person. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, as amended, and regulations thereunder. 
By entering into the relevant Dealer Agreement, each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell, pledge, 
transfer or, in the case of Materialised Covered Bonds in bearer form, deliver the Covered Bonds of any Series 
or Tranche as part of their distribution or otherwise at any other time in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, (a) U.S. persons or (b) persons who are not Non-United States persons, and it will have 
sent to each distributor, dealer (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Securities Act) or person receiving a

--- Page 154 ---
154 
WS0101.32901144.1 
selling concession, fee or other remuneration in respect of the Covered Bonds sold to which such Dealer sells 
Covered Bonds during the relevant distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) in respect of 
such Series or Tranche as determined, and certified to the relevant Dealer, by the Principal Paying Agent or, in 
the case of Covered Bonds issued on a syndicated basis, the lead manager, a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds in the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons and persons who are not Non-United States persons. 
Each Dealer has further represented that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf 
have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to Covered Bonds sold pursuant to 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until forty (40) days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Covered Bonds 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of Covered 
Bonds outside of the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase 
the Covered Bonds, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to 
any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus to any U.S. person, any person who is not 
a Non-United States person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7), or to any other person within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any 
such U.S. person, to any person who is not a Non-United States person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7), or to 
any person within the United States, is prohibited. 
European Economic Area  
Each Dealer and the Issuer have represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
French Law Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as 
completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in a Member State of the European Economic 
Area ("EEA") except that, pursuant to an exemption to publish a prospectus, it may make an offer of such 
French Law Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State of the EEA: 
(a) 
qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than one hundred and fifty (150) natural or legal persons 
(other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of French Law Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of French Law Covered Bonds to the public" in 
relation to any French Law Covered Bonds in any Member State of the EEA means the communication in any 
form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the French Law Covered Bonds 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the French Law Covered Bonds and 
the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 2017/1129/EU of the European Parliament and of 
the Council dated 14 June 2017, as amended. 
The qualification of German law Covered Bonds, in particular their qualification as securities within the 
meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, and other regulations and directives applicable in the relevant 
jurisdictions to the offering of the German law Covered Bonds to the public may vary among the different 
Member States of the EEA. Therefore, each Dealer represents and agrees, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make any offer 
of German Law Covered Bonds to the public or otherwise in any Member State of the EEA unless in

--- Page 155 ---
155 
WS0101.32901144.1 
compliance with the laws applicable in that Member State of the EEA or the United Kingdom to German law 
Covered Bonds. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of IDD, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws 
and regulations in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution in France of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds. 
Germany 
No Base Prospectus or any prospectus within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation has been, or will be, 
published in Germany or filed with the German Federal Financial Services Supervisory Authority 
(Bundesanstalt für Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht) with regard to any Covered Bond. 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered, and will not be offered, sold or delivered, directly or 
indirectly to the public in Germany, except in compliance with all applicable laws, in the case of German Law 
Covered Bonds in particular the prospectus Regulation and the German Investment Product Act. 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of Covered Bonds 
including, without limitation, German Law Covered Bonds as an investment product for any investor. In 
particular, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the eligibility of any Covered Bonds as investment for any 
Bondholder domiciled in Germany and subject to particular regulatory requirements with regard to its 
investments, including, without limitation, insurance companies, pension funds, credit institutions and 
investment funds. Unless explicitly stated otherwise in the Conditions and/or the terms and conditions of the 
German Law Covered Bonds or the Final Terms, no reference therein to particular German law regulatory 
requirements implies or may be construed to imply any representation or warranty by the Issuer as to the 
suitability of the relevant Covered Bond for the Bondholder. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the

--- Page 156 ---
156 
WS0101.32901144.1 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
 
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Netherlands 
Each Dealer appointed under this Program and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to agree that it will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
Netherlands in reliance on Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation unless:  
(a) 
such offer is made exclusively to legal entities which are qualified investors (as defined in the Dutch 
Financial Services Act (Wet op het financieel toezicht, or "Wft") and which includes authorised 
discretionary asset managers acting for the account of retail investors under a discretionary investment 
management contract) in the Netherlands; or  
(b) 
standard exemption logo and wording are disclosed as required by Article 5:20(5) of the Wft; or 
(c) 
such offer is otherwise made in circumstances in which Article 5:20(5) of the Wft is not applicable,

--- Page 157 ---
157 
WS0101.32901144.1 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Republic of Italy 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, 
published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering of Covered Bonds and such offering of 
Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa ("Consob") 
in the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and to Consob Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers Regulation"). 
Accordingly, each of the Dealers and the Issuer represents and agrees, and any further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that no Covered Bond may be offered, sold, transferred 
or delivered, and will not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in the Republic of 
Italy in an offer to the public as defined under Article 1, paragraph 1, letter (t) of the Financial Services Act, 
nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers 
Regulation and the relevant applicable provisions set forth in CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018; or 
(b) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on offers to the public pursuant to, and in 
compliance with, the conditions set out in Article 100 of the Financial Services Act, the Issuers 
Regulation and its implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter, first paragraph, of the Issuers 
Regulation. 
Subject to the foregoing, each of the Dealers and the Issuer also represents and agrees, and any further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer, sale, transfer or delivery 
of Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to the 
Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with 
all relevant Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and, in 
particular, will be made: 
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, the Issuers Regulation, Consob 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as amended from time to time) and Legislative 
Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with any other notification requirement and/or limitation which may be, from time 
to time, imposed by Consob, the Bank of Italy and/or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing Covered Bonds in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer or 
resale of Covered Bonds it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable Italian laws and 
regulations.  
This Base Prospectus, any supplement to it or any other document relating to the Covered Bonds, and the 
information contained herein are intended only for the use of its recipients and are not to be distributed to any 
third-party resident or located in Italy for any reason. No person resident or located in the Republic of Italy 
other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base Prospectus or its content or 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds. 
Transfer Restrictions 
Non-U.S. Distributions 
Each purchaser of Covered Bonds (and, for the purposes hereof, references to Covered Bonds shall be deemed 
to include interests therein) by accepting delivery of the Covered Bonds, will be deemed to have represented, 
agreed and acknowledged as follows:

--- Page 158 ---
158 
WS0101.32901144.1 
1. 
It is, or at the time such Covered Bonds are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Covered 
Bonds and it is (x) not a U.S. person (as defined in Regulation S) and (y) a Non- United States 
person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7) and is located outside the United States. 
2. 
It understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in its securities from 
one or more book-entry depositories. It understands that each of it and any account for which it may 
act in respect of the Covered Bonds is not permitted to have a partial interest in any Covered Bonds 
and, as such, beneficial interests in Covered Bonds should only be permitted in principal amounts 
representing the denomination of such Covered Bonds or multiples thereof or, where applicable, at 
least the minimum denomination of such Covered Bonds. 
3. 
It understands that no person has registered nor will register as a commodity pool operator of the 
Issuer under the CEA and the rules of the CFTC thereunder, and that Covered Bonds have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory authority of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise 
transferred except to a person that (A) is not a U.S. person (within the meaning of Regulation S) and 
(B) is a Non-United States person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7), in an offshore transaction in 
accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, and in accordance with any other applicable 
securities laws. The purchaser understands that the Issuer has not been, nor will be, registered under 
the Investment Company Act. 
4. 
It understands that the Issuer has the right to compel any beneficial owner that is a U.S. person (as 
defined in Regulation S) or is not a Non-United States person (as defined in CFTC Rule 4.7) to sell 
its interest in the Covered Bonds, or may sell such interest on behalf of such owner, at the lesser of 
(x) the purchase price therefor paid by the beneficial owner, (y) 100 per cent. of the principal 
amount thereof or (z) the fair market value thereof. In addition, the Issuer has the right to refuse to 
honour the purported transfer of any interest to a U.S. person or to a person that is not a Non-United 
States person.

--- Page 159 ---
Draft Gide dated 01.04.2021 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French Law Covered Bonds. The form of the final terms 
applicable to German Law Covered Bonds is included in the Agency Agreement) 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS WITH A SPECIFIED 
DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN € 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA OR THE UNITED KINGDOM 
Final Terms dated [] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
BNP PARIBAS HOME LOAN SFH 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the € 40,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds taking into account the five categories referred to 
in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as 
defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER1 [and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-
advised sales and pure execution services]2] OR3 [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and 
pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]5. 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS 
AND ECPs TARGET MARKET - Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Covered Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the [Covered Bonds] is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Covered 
                                                          
1 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
2 This list may not be necessary, especially for Covered Bonds that are not ESMA complex where all channels of distribution may be 
appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
3 Include for certain ESMA complex Covered Bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales are deemed 
necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Covered Bonds constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness 
required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
4 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. At the time of the programme 
establishment/update consider what types of Covered Bonds may be issued and whether the flexibility to include a negative target market 
may be needed for relevant issuance. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target 
market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target 
market assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully 
risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].” 
5 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to retail clients in the EEA.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Bonds] are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the [Covered Bonds] to retail clients are 
appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution 
services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Covered Bonds] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Covered Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability 
and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable] 6.] 
[IMPORTANT - PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC 
AREA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold, or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 
1286/2014, as amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under 
the PRIIPs Regulation.]7 
[PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within 
the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97 /EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 
2014 on markets in financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [("UK 
MiFIR")]; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]8 
 
 
 
                                                          
6 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are intended to be sold to retail clients in the UK. 
7 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to EEA retail clients in the EEA. 
8 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients in the UK.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval No. 21-265 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the Base 
Prospectus dated [] which received approval No. [] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation 2017/1129/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") of the Covered Bonds described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus 
[as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the 
basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. [In addition, a 
summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to these Final Terms.] The Base Prospectus [, the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of BNP 
Paribas (www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), 
and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent(s) where copies may be obtained. [In addition22 the Base Prospectus [, the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which 
are the 2014 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2015 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2016 Covered Bonds 
Conditions]/[2018 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2019 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2020 Covered Bonds 
Conditions] which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Regulation 2017/1129/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation) and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which 
received approval No. 21-265 from the AMF on 30 June 2021 [and the supplements thereto which received 
approval No. [] from the AMF], which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus regulation(the "Base Prospectus"), including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms, Base Prospectus and the /[2014 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2015 Covered 
Bonds Conditions]/[2016 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2018 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2019 Covered Bonds 
Conditions]/[2020 Covered Bonds]. In addition, a summary of the issue of the Covered Bonds is annexed to 
these Final Terms.The Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of 
BNP Paribas (www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org), and during normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer where copies may be 
obtained. [In addition23, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
The Covered Bonds will be assimilated 
                                                          
22 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
23 
If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(assimilables) and form a single Series with 
the existing [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, as referred in 
paragraph 23 (iii) below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [].]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds) 
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS, TEC, or any other 
reference rate that might replace them] +/– 
[] per cent. Floating Rate]  
 (further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify 
details 
of 
any 
provision 
for 
convertibility of Covered Bonds into another 
interest basis] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Bondholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
Date of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer authorising 
the issuance of Covered Bonds: 
 
 
Authorisation of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration) dated [].  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date

--- Page 163 ---
163 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [where applicable (adjusted 
pursuant to the [specify applicable Business 
Day Convention]) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per [] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond 
with 
the 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365(Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF/ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date, Final Maturity Date or 
Extended Final Maturity Date, if any, in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date 
[] [Interest Payment Date / Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and / or Interest Amount(s)

--- Page 164 ---
164 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(if not the [Calculation Agent]): 
[] 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Benchmark: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other reference rate that might 
replace them] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[]  
 
Primary Source : 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected 
to the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify 
if 
screen 
or 
Reference 
Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 as per Condition 6(c)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 165 ---
165 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(i) Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bonds was a 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds/[Condition 6(c), as 
though the Covered Bonds was a Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds] with further wariables 
set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bonds was a 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds]/ [Condition 6(c), 
as though the Covered Bonds was a Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds] with further variables 
set out in item [●] of these Final Terms  
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :) [●]] [Not 
Applicable]]  
18. 
Inverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention] [Insert "unadjusted" if the 
application of the relevant business day 
convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
 
[Fixed Rate] minus [FBF Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if 
not the Calculation Agent): 
 
 
[] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 166 ---
166 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional information 
if necessary) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Benchmark: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other reference rate that might 
replace them] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
Primary Source : 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
Reference Banks (if Primary Source is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected 
to the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify 
if 
screen 
or 
Reference 
Bank 
quotations are to be given in respect of a 
transaction of a specified notional amount] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accural Period] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accural Period] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 as per Condition 6(c)] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 
/ 
Actual/365-FBF 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / 
Actual/Actual-FBF / 
Actual/365(Fixed) / 
Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF/ 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF]

--- Page 167 ---
167 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[Condition 7(b)(i) applies/[] days] 
 
(iii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
 
 
Y = [] per cent. 
[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[Condition 7(c) applies/[] days] 
 
(iii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
 
 
Y = [] per cent. 
[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination / Specified Denomination /] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons (Condition (7(e)), Illegality (Condition 
7(f)) or on event of default (Condition 10): 
 
 
 
[Not applicable/Condition 7(d) applies] 
 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ Materialised 
Covered Bonds] (Materialised Covered Bonds 
are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
 
 
 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[Bearer form (au porteur)]/[Registered form 
(au nominatif)] 
 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and

--- Page 168 ---
168 
WS0101.32901144.1 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must 
be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only) 
 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Covered Bonds on [] (the "Exchange 
Date"), being forty (40) calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payment dates for the 
purposes of Condition 8(g): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periods for the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which sub-paragraphs 15 (ii) and 16(v) 
relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. As the Covered 
Bonds have more than 27 coupons payments, 
talons may be required if, on eexchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon 
payments are still to be made] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Covered Bonds) 
26. 
Masse: 
(Insert below, as the case may be, details of 
the 
Representative 
and 
Alternative 
Representative and remuneration, if any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●]] 
[Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive 
a remuneration of [●]] 
[Not Applicable] 
27. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Bondholders 
as provided by Condition 2(a)(i): 
 
 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request 
identification information of the Bondholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 
2(a)(i) 
is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
GENERAL 
 
 
The aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds issued has been translated into Euro at 
the rate of [] per cent. producing a sum of: 
 
 
[] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION

--- Page 169 ---
169 
WS0101.32901144.1 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. ]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 170 ---
170 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
[(a)] Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify 
relevant regulated market] with effect from [].] [Application 
is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
[The [first/(specify)] Tranche(s) of the Covered Bonds are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[(b) 
Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[]] 
 
(iii)  
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
 
[] 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
 
[] (See paragraph 11 of the section "General Information" of 
this Base Prospectus which provides that the Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms will be published on the website of the AMF at 
least during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the 
Base Prospectus and that the Final Terms related to Covered 
Bonds on any Regulated Market will be published on the 
website of the AMF. Please provide for additional methods of 
publication in respect of an admission to trading on a regulated 
market other than Euronext Paris.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been rated/are expected 
to be rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to 
Covered Bonds of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]]:  
[S & P: []] 
[Fitch Ratings: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider] 
[Each of [•], [•] and] [•] is established in the European Union,

--- Page 171 ---
171 
WS0101.32901144.1 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list of 
registered credit rating angencies published by the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
 
[[Each of [•], [•] and] [•] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), but 
is endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established 
in the European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation 
and included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 
its website 
 
[[Each of [•], [•] and] [•] is not established in the European 
Union 
and 
has 
not 
applied 
for 
registration 
under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended.] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established 
in the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
rating[s] of the Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA 
CRA(s)] [has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant 
UK CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
[has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.]9 
3. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the assets of the 
Issuer will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined in Article L. 513-11 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), after settlement of this issue. 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate 
relating to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of Covered Bonds equals 
or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
                                                          
9 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
WS0101.32901144.1 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i)  
Reasons for the offer:  
 
[] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer different from general corporate purposes will need to 
include those reasons here.) 
(ii) Esimated net proceeds: 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to split 
out and present in order of priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund 
all proposed uses state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[] (Include breakdown of expenses) 
 
6. 
[YIELD - FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY 
Indication of yield: 
 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
 
7. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES - FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS or TEC] rates 
can be obtnained from [Reuters/other] / Not Applicable  
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation 
and 
UK 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended [(the "BMR")].] [repeat as necessary]/[the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA") pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmark Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011), as 
amended, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK BMR").] [As far

--- Page 173 ---
173 
WS0101.32901144.1 
as the Issuer is aware, [•], as administrator of [•] is not 
required to be registered by virtue of Article 2 of [the 
Benchmark 
Regulation]/[UK 
BMR]]/[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the [BMR]/[UK BMR] apply, such 
that [insert name[s] of the administrator[s]] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration.] 
 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
 
Depositaries: 
(i) Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
 
 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[] 
 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
Method of distribution: 
(i) 
If syndicated: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(A) Names and addresses of Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas: 
 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments] 
(B)  Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[] 
(C)  Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name]

--- Page 174 ---
174 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(iii) 
Indication of the overall amount of 
the underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
 
 
[] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount 
(iv) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S 
Non-U.S. distribution 
[TEFRA 
C/ 
TEFRA 
D/ 
TEFRA 
not 
Applicable]

--- Page 175 ---
175 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French Law Covered Bonds. The form of the final terms 
applicable to German Law Covered Bonds is included in the Agency Agreement) 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
FOR USE IN CONNECTION WITH ISSUES OF COVERED BONDS WITH A SPECIFIED 
DENOMINATION OF AT LEAST € 100,000 TO BE ADMITTED TO TRADING ON A REGULATED 
MARKET 
Final Terms dated [] 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
BNP PARIBAS HOME LOAN SFH 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the € 40,000,000,000 
Covered Bond Programme 
Issue Price: [] per cent. 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
[PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA– The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as 
amended ("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 2017/1129/EU dated 14 June 2017 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]10 
[PRIIPs REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered 
Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2017/565 of 25 April 2016 supplementing MiFID II as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any 
rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive 2016/97 /EU of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended / the Insurance Distribution Directive], 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in 
financial instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA [("UK MiFIR")]; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]11 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all 
                                                          
10 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients in the EEA. 
11 Legend to be included if the Covered Bonds are not intended to be sold to UK retail clients in the UK.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
WS0101.32901144.1 
channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take 
into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the [Covered Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
[Covered Bonds] is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the [Covered Bonds] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider 
any negative target market]12. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Covered Bonds] 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the [Covered Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]  
 
 
                                                          
12 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. At the time of the programme 
establishment/update consider what types of bonds may be issued and whether the flexibility to include a negative target market may be 
needed for relevant issuance. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market 
placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the following lines could be included: “The target market 
assessment indicates that Covered Bonds are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and objectives of clients which are [fully risk 
averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested].

--- Page 177 ---
177 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval No. 21-265 from the 
Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 30 June 2021 [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
dated [] which received approval No. [] from the AMF on []], which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation").  
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, the supplement to the Base 
Prospectus] and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of BNP Paribas 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) 
where copies may be obtained. [In addition45 the Base Prospectus [, the supplement to the Base Prospectus] and 
these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [].] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions which are 
the /[2014 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2015 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2016 Covered Bonds 
Conditions]/[2018 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2019 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2020 Covered Bonds] which 
are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus (as defined below). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Regulation 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation) and must 
be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 30 June 2021 which received approval No. 21-265 from 
the AMF on 30 June 2021 [and the supplements thereto which received approval No. [] from the AMF], which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the "Base Prospectus"), 
including the Conditions which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Full information on the 
Issuer and the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms, Base 
Prospectus and the /[2014 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2015 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2016 Covered Bonds 
Conditions]/[2018 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2019 Covered Bonds Conditions]/[2020 Covered Bonds]. The 
Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of BNP Paribas 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org), and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the Paying Agent(s) 
where copies may be obtained. [In addition46, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for 
viewing [on/at] [].] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
Issuer: 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH  
2. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be assimilated (assimilables) and form a 
single Series: 
 
 
The Covered Bonds will be assimilated 
(assimilables) and form a single Series with 
existing [identify earlier Tranches] on [the 
Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary Global 
                                                          
45 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
46 If the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Certificate for interests in the Definitive 
Materialised Covered Bonds, as referred in 
paragraph 23(iii) below, which is expected to 
occur on or about [].]  
3. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
4. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Covered 
Bonds: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[]] 
5. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount [plus accrued interest from [insert 
date] (if applicable)] 
6. 
Specified Denominations: 
[] 
(one 
(1) 
denomination 
only 
for 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds)  
7. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8. 
Final Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
10. 
Interest Basis: 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS, TEC or other 
reference rate that might replace them] +/– 
[] per cent. Floating Rate]  
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Inverse Floating Rate] 
 (further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
(further particulars specified below) 
12. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or refer to paragraphs 15 and 
16 below and identify there/Not Applicable] 
13. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Bondholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
14. 
Date of the Board of Directors (Conseil 
d'administration) of the Issuer authorising 
the issuance of Covered Bonds : 
 
 
Authorisation of the Board of Directors 
(Conseil d'administration) dated [].  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
15. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date

--- Page 179 ---
179 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year [where applicable (adjusted 
pursuant to the [specify applicable Business 
Day Convention]) 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[] per [] in Specified Denomination 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Insert particulars of any initial or final broken 
interest amounts which do not correspond with 
the Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 
/ 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF/ 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[] in each year 
(insert 
regular 
Interest 
Payment 
Dates, 
ignoring Issue Date, Final Maturity Date or 
Extended Final Maturity Date, if any, in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. 
N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
16. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[[] [, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in 
(v) below/, not subject to any adjustment, as 
the Business Day Convention in (v) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[[] in each year[, subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
set out in (v) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in 
(v) below is specified to be Not Applicable]] 
 
(iii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[]  
 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date 
[] [Interest Payment Date / Other (specify)] 
 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [Insert 
"unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Amount] 
 
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ 
FBF Determination] 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and / or Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the [Calculation Agent]): 
 
 
[]

--- Page 180 ---
180 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Benchmark: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[]  
 
Primary Source : 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accrual Period] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 as per Condition 6(c)] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 
/ 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF/ 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
17. 
Fixed/Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 181 ---
181 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Provisions: 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods preceding the Switch Date (excluded): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bonds was a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds/[Condition 6(c), as though 
the Covered Bonds was a Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds] with further wariables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) Rate of Interest applicable to the Interest 
Periods following the Switch Date (included): 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 
6(b), as though the Covered Bonds was a Fixed 
Rate Covered Bonds]/ [Condition 6(c), as 
though the Covered Bonds was a Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds] with further variables set out 
in item [●] of these Final Terms  
 
 
(v) Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) Minimum notice period required for notice 
from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / 
[(for Automatic Change of Interest :) [●]] [Not 
Applicable]]  
18. 
Inverse 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bonds 
Provisions: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fixed Rate: 
[[] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / 
semi-annually / quarterly / monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period(s): 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(iv) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Interest Payment Date] 
 
(vi) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] [Insert 
"unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to 
affect the Interest Amount] 
 
(vii) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 6(a)): 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Fixed Rate] minus [FBF Determination/ 
Screen Rate Determination] 
 
(ix) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) (if

--- Page 182 ---
182 
WS0101.32901144.1 
not the Calculation Agent): 
[] 
 
(x) 
FBF Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other reference rate that might 
replace them] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 
months]) (additional information if necessary) 
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de 
Détermination du Taux Variable): 
 
[] 
 
(xi) Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
Benchmark: 
[] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, EONIA, 
CMS, TEC or other] and months [e.g. 
EURIBOR 3 months])  
 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] The Rate of 
Interest for the [long/short] [first/last] Interest 
Period shall be calculated using linear 
Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period) 
 
Relevant Time: 
[] 
 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
Primary Source : 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference 
Banks"] 
 
Reference 
Banks 
(if 
Primary 
Source 
is 
"Reference Banks"): 
 
[Specify four] 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[The financial centre most closely connected to 
the benchmark - specify if not Paris] 
 
Representative Amount: 
[Specify if screen or Reference Bank quotations 
are to be given in respect of a transaction of a 
specified notional amount] 
 
Effective Date: 
[Specify if quotations are not to be obtained 
with effect from commencement of Interest 
Accural Period] 
 
Specified Duration: 
[Specify period for quotation if not duration of 
Interest Accural Period] 
 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [] per cent. per annum 
 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[specify a positive interest rate] per cent. per 
annum/0 as per Condition 6(c)] 
 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-
ISDA / Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-
FBF / Actual/365(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 
/ 360/360 / Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF/ 30E/360 
/ Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF]

--- Page 183 ---
183 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[Condition 7(b)(i) applies/[] days] 
 
(iii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
 
 
Y = [] per cent. 
[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination 
 
(iv) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
 
 
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[] 
20. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period: 
[Condition 7(c) applies/[] days] 
 
(iii) 
Components of the formula of the 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of each 
Covered Bond: 
 
 
Y = [] per cent. 
[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination 
21. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Covered 
Bond: 
 
[[] per Covered Bond of [] Specified 
Denomination / Specified Denomination /] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Covered 
Bond payable on redemption for taxation 
reasons (Condition (7(e)), Illegality (Condition 
7(f)) or on event of default (Condition 10): 
 
 
 
[Not applicable/Condition 7(d) applies] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
23. 
Governing Law: 
French law 
 
(i) 
Form of Covered Bonds:  
Dematerialised Covered Bonds/ Materialised 
Covered Bonds] (Materialised Covered Bonds 
are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
 
(ii) 
Form 
of 
Dematerialised 
Covered 
Bonds: 
 
[Bearer form (au porteur)]/[Registered form 
(au nominatif)] 
 
(iii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable/if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must 
be appointed in relation to Fully Registered 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds only)

--- Page 184 ---
184 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(iv) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not Applicable/Temporary Global Certificate 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive 
Materialised 
Covered Bonds on [] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being forty (40) days after the Issue Date 
subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
24. 
Financial 
Centre(s) 
or 
other 
special 
provisions relating to payment dates for the 
purposes of Condition 8(g): 
 
 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this 
paragraph relates to the date of payment, and 
not the end dates of interest periodsfor the 
purposes of calculating the amount of interest, 
to which sub-paragraphs 15 (ii) and 16(v) 
relate] 
25. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds (and 
dates on which such Talons mature): 
 
 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. As the Covered Bonds 
have more than 27 coupon payments, talons 
may be required if, on exchange into definitive 
form, more than 27 coupons payments are still 
to be made] (Only applicable to Materialised 
Covered Bonds) 
26. 
Masse: 
(Insert below, as the case may be, details of the 
Representative and Alternative Representative 
and remuneration, if any:) 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●]] 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
the 
alternate 
Representative: [●]] 
[The 
Representative 
will 
receive 
no 
remuneration/The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
27. 
[Exclusion of the possibility to request 
identification information of Bondholders as 
provided by Condition 2(a)(i): 
 
 
[Applicable] (If the possibility to request 
identification information of the Bondholders 
as 
provided 
by 
Condition 
2(a)(i) 
is 
contemplated, delete this paragraph)] 
GENERAL 
 
 
The aggregate principal amount of Covered 
Bonds issued has been translated into Euro at 
the rate of [] per cent. producing a sum of: 
 
 
[] 
 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. [(Relevant third party 
information) has been extracted from (specify source). The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by

--- Page 185 ---
185 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. ]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 186 ---
186 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
[(a)] Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for 
the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [specify relevant 
regulated market] with effect from [].] [Not Applicable] 
[The [first/(specify)] Tranche(s) of the Covered Bonds are 
already listed as from [its/their respective] Issue Date.] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that original 
Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
 
[(b)Regulated 
Markets 
or 
equivalent markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, securities of the 
same class of the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
 
[]] 
 
(iii)  
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
 
 
[] 
(iv) 
Additional publication of Base 
Prospectus and Final Terms: 
 
[] (See paragraph 11 of the section "General Information" of 
this Base Prospectus which provides that the Base Prospectus 
and Final Terms will be published on the website of the AMF at 
least during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of the 
Base Prospectus and that the Final Terms related to Covered 
Bonds on any Regulated Market will be published on the website 
of the AMF. Please provide for additional methods of publication 
in respect of an admission to trading on a regulated market other 
than Euronext Paris.) 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[[The Covered Bonds to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned to Covered 
Bonds of this type issued under the Programme generally]]:  
[S & P: []] 
[Fitch Ratings: []] 
[[Other]: []] 
[Each of [], [] and] [] is established in the European Union, 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 16 September 2009 (as 
amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), and included in the list of 
registered credit rating angencies published by the European

--- Page 187 ---
187 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).] 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”), but is 
endorsed by [insert credit rating agency] which is established in 
the European Union, registered under the CRA Regulation and 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
 
[[Each of [], [] and] [] is not established in the European 
Union and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
[[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] [is][are] not established in 
the United Kingdom and [is][are] not registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating[s] of the 
Notes issued by [insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] 
[has][have] been endorsed by [insert name of relevant UK 
CRA(s)], in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
[has][have] not been withdrawn. As such, the rating[s] issued by 
[insert name of relevant EEA CRA(s)] may be used for 
regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with 
the UK CRA Regulation.]13 
 
3. 
SPECIFIC CONTROLLER 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of the Issuer has certified that the value of the assets of the Issuer 
will be greater than the value of its liabilities benefiting from the privilège defined in Article L. 513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), after settlement of this issue. 
The specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) shall deliver to the Issuer (i) for each quarter a certificate relating 
to the borrowing programme for the relevant quarter and, (ii) in case of issue of Covered Bonds equals or 
exceeds Euro 500,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, a certificate relating to such an issue. 
4. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue, detailing 
the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below)  
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and 
may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend as 
appropriate if there are other interests)] 
                                                          
13 To be included only in the case of an issue for which placement in the UK is contemplated and the ratings of the notes issued by the EEA 
CRA are to be endorsed by a UK CRA.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
5. 
[YIELD - FIXED RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY 
Indication of yield: 
 
[] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the Issue 
Price. It is not an indication of future yield. ] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES - FLOATING RATE COVERED BONDS ONLY 
Historic interest rates: 
Details of historic [EURIBOR, EONIA, CMS or TEC] rates 
can be obtained from [Reuters/other] / Not Applicable  
EU Benchmark Regulation and UK 
Benchmark Regulation: Article 29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
 
 
[As at the date of these Final Terms [insert name[s] of the 
administrator[s]] [is/are] [not] included in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] 
pursuant to article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended [(the "BMR")], as amended, as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK BMR").] [repeat as necessary]. [As far as the Issuer 
is aware, [•], administrator of [•] is not required to be 
registered by virtue of Article 2 of the [Benchmark 
Regulation]/[UK BMR]]/[the transitional provisions in Article 
51 of the [BMR]/[UK BMR] apply, such that [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s]] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation or registration.] 
 
7. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL 
EXPENSES 
(i)  
Reasons for the offer:  
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
 
 
[] 
[] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and sources 
of other funding.) 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
Common Code: 
[] 
Depositaries:

--- Page 189 ---
189 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(i) Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary 
(ii) Common Depositary for Euroclear Bank 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
 
[Yes/No] 
 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of initial Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 
[] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
(i) 
If syndicated: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of 
Regulation S 
Non-U.S. distribution 
[TEFRA 
C/ 
TEFRA 
D/ 
TEFRA 
not 
Applicable]

--- Page 190 ---
190 
WS0101.32901144.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
For the avoidance of doubt, it is specified that the expression "Covered Bonds" will only include French Law 
Covered Bonds and the expression "Bondholders" includes any holder of such French Law Covered Bonds, in 
the following section, except as otherwise specified. 
(1) 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France as competent authority in France under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Covered 
Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to 
the suitability of investing in such Covered Bonds.Application will be made in certain circumstances 
to list and admit the Covered Bonds on Euronext Paris and application may be made for the listing 
and admission to trading on any other Regulated Market in a Member State of the EEA. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in 
France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any issuance of Covered Bonds under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Covered Bonds constitute obligations under French law or similar 
instruments, requires the prior authorisation of the Board of Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of 
the Issuer, which may delegate its power to any person of its choice. For this purpose, the Board of 
Directors (Conseil d'Administration) of the Issuer held on on 24 June 2021 delegated, for a period of 
one year starting on 24 June 2021 (included) and ending on 24 June 2022 (excluded), inter alia, to its 
Chairman and to the Chief Executive Officer (Directeur Général) of the Issuer the power to issue 
obligations ou autres titres ou autres instruments financiers ou titres de dette équivalents de droit 
étranger under the Programme up to a maximum aggregate amount of EUR 10,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currency).  
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer 
since 31 December 2020.   
(4) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020.   
(5) 
There has been no events particular to the Issuer which are to a material extent relevant to an 
evaluation of its solvency. 
(6) 
There has been no material change in the borrowing and funding structure of BNP Home Loan SFH 
within the last 12 months.  
(7) 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH expects to finance its activities by issuing Covered Bonds under the 
programme pursuant to which it may act as an issuer and/or by entering into hedging agreements with 
BNP Paribas and its affiliates. 
(8) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings 
(including any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during 
a period covering at least the previous twelve (12) months which may have, or have had in the recent 
past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
(9) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business 
which could result in any member of the Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds 
being issued. 
(10) 
Application may be made for Covered Bonds to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France 
(66, rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 
Bruxelles, Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The 
Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) or the identification 
number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of Covered Bonds will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
WS0101.32901144.1 
 
(11) 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit, 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France and 
Deloitte & Touche, 6 place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris La Défense cedex, France (both entities 
regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes and duly authorised as Commissaires 
aux comptes) have been appointed as Commissaires aux comptes to the Issuer. 
(12) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the Covered 
Bonds to be admitted to trading and the performance of the underlying collateral, except if required by 
any applicable laws and regulations. 
(13) 
The Issuer does not produce consolidated financial statements. 
(14) 
This Base Prospectus and any supplements thereto will be published on the websites of BNP Paribas 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
The Final Terms related to Covered Bonds admitted to trading on any Regulated Market of the EEA 
in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation will be published, so long as such Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, on the websites of of BNP Paribas 
(www.invest.bnpparibas.com/ - heading BNP Paribas Debt) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org).  
In addition, should the Covered Bonds be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the EEA other 
than Euronext Paris in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to those 
Covered Bonds will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be 
published on the website of (x) the Regulated Market of the Member State of the EEA where the 
Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading or (y) the competent authority of the Member State of 
the EEA where the Covered Bonds have been listed. 
(15) 
So long as Covered Bonds (including German Law Covered Bonds) are capable of being issued under 
the Programme, copies of the following documents will, when published, be available during normal 
business hours on any weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted), at the registered 
office of the Issuer and at the specified office of the relevant Paying Agent(s) and, with respect to the 
documents listed in paragraphs (a), (b) and (e) below, on the website of of BNP Paribas: 
(a) 
the statuts of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the financial years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and the Rapport Financier Annuel 2020; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre Comptable, the Temporary 
Global Certificates, the Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds, the Coupons and the Talons); 
(d) 
Final Terms for Covered Bonds that are listed and traded on Euronext Paris or any other 
Regulated Market in the EEA or in the United Kingdom; 
(e) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
all reports, letters and other documents, historical financial information, valuations and 
statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's request any part of which is included or 
referred to in this Base Prospectus.  
(16) 
In accordance with the provisions of EC Regulation 44/2001, a judgment rendered by a court of 
England (the "Foreign Judgment") shall be recognised in France without any special procedure being 
required. However, the Foreign Judgment will not be recognised by French courts: 
(a) 
if such recognition is manifestly contrary to public policy in France; 
(b) 
where it was given in default of appearance, if the defendant was not served with the document 
which instituted the proceedings or with an equivalent document in sufficient time and in such 
a way as to enable him to arrange for his defence, unless the defendant failed to commence 
proceedings to challenge the judgment when it was possible for him to do so;

--- Page 192 ---
192 
WS0101.32901144.1 
(c) 
if it is irreconcilable with a judgment given in a dispute between the same parties in France; 
(d) 
if it is irreconcilable with an earlier judgment given in another Member State or in a third State 
involving the same cause of action and between the same parties, provided that the earlier 
judgment fulfils the conditions necessary for its recognition in France; or 
(e) 
if it conflicts with Sections 3, 4 or 6 of Chapter II of EC Regulation 44/2001, or in a case 
provided for in Article 72 of EC Regulation 44/2001. 
The Foreign Judgment will be declared enforceable by French courts in accordance with the 
provisions of EC Regulation 44/2001 if the Foreign Judgment has been declared enforceable in 
England.  
The judgment shall be enforced in France when, on the application of any interested party, it has been 
declared enforceable there. 
The party seeking enforcement shall submit to the competent court with its application for a 
declaration of enforceability, (i) a copy of the judgment which satisfies the conditions necessary to 
establish its authenticity and (ii) a certificate given by the court where the decision was issued 
according to provisions of Article 54 of EC Regulation 44/2001. 
The judgment shall be declared enforceable immediately on completion of the formalities described 
above. The party against whom enforcement is sought shall not at this stage of the proceedings be 
entitled to make any submissions on the application. 
The declaration of enforceability shall be served on the party against whom enforcement is sought, 
accompanied by the judgment.  
This decision may be appealed against by either party in accordance with EC Regulation 44/2001. The 
rules governing French procedure in contradictory matters shall apply to the appeal proceedings.  
(17) 
The yield of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield 
will be calculated at the time of issue on the basis of the Issue Price. The yield indicated will be 
calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an 
indication of future yield. 
(18) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the 
relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of thirty (30) calendar days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
(19) 
Some sections of this Base Prospectus, in particular, "The Issuer", and of the documents incorporated 
by reference contain forward-looking statements. The Issuer may also make forward-looking 
statements in their audited annual financial statements, in their interim financial statements, in their 
offering circulars, in press releases and other written materials and in oral statements made by their 
officers, directors or employees to third parties. Statements that are not historical facts, including 
statements about the Issuer beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. These statements 
are based on current plans, estimates and projections, and therefore undue reliance should not be 
placed on them. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and the Issuer 
undertakes no obligation to update publicly any of them in light of new information or future events. 
(20) 
Amounts payable under Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, 
EONIA, CMS or TEC, or any reference rate that might replace them, as specified in the relevant Final

--- Page 193 ---
193 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Terms. EURIBOR is provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), CMS is 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (“ICE”), EONIA is provided by the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”), As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI and ICE appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the ESMA (the “Register”) pursuant 
to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation or on the Financial Conduct Authority's benchmarks 
administrators register under Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of EUWA. The relevant Final Terms will specify the administrator of any relevant 
benchmark used as a reference under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds and whether or not such 
administrator appears on the Register or the FCA register referred to above. 
(21) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500O7DJZNM0F0Z036.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
WS0101.32901144.1 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION  
GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
In the name of the Issuer 
I represent, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Paris, 30 June 2021 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH 
1, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
duly represented by Mrs Valérie BRUNERIE 
in its capacity as Président du Conseil d'administration of the Issuer

--- Page 195 ---
195 
WS0101.32901144.1 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
2013 FBF Master Agreement ..................................... 58 
2014 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2015 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2016 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2018 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2019 Cash Flow Statements ........................................ 39 
2019 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2019 Financial Statements .......................................... 39 
2019 Statutory Auditor’s Report on The Cash Flow 
Statement ................................................................. 39 
2020 Cash Flow Statements ........................................ 39 
2020 Covered Bonds Conditions ................................ 40 
2020 Financial Statements .......................................... 39 
2020 Statutory Auditor’s Report on The Cash Flow 
Statement ................................................................. 39 
Administrative and Tax Costs .................................. 148 
Administrator .............................................................. 92 
Affiliate Advance ....................................................... 121 
Affiliate Collateral Security Agreement .................. 124 
Affiliate Debt Commingling Account ...................... 116 
Affiliate Debt Commingling Trigger Event ............. 116 
Affiliate Enforcement Notice .................................... 123 
Affiliate Event of Default .......................................... 122 
Affiliate Facility Agreement ..................................... 121 
Affiliate Facility Commitment"), .............................. 122 
Affiliate Guarantor ................................................... 123 
Affiliate Lender ......................................................... 121 
Affiliate Secured Liabilities ...................................... 124 
Aggregate 
Eligible 
Substitution 
Asset 
Amount 
(AESAA) ................................................................ 138 
Amending Regulation ................................................. 36 
AMF ............................................................... 1, 161, 177 
Amortisation Ratio (RA)........................................... 143 
Amortisation Test ...................................................... 136 
Asset Cover Ratio ...................................................... 136 
Asset Cover Test .................................................. 17, 136 
Asset Monitoring - Asset Cover Test ....................... 113 
Asset Monitoring – The Asset Cover Test ............... 115 
Asset monitoring - The Legal Liquidity Reserve .... 100 
Asset Report ............................................................... 115 
Auto-held Covered Bonds ........................................... 78 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis ........................... 63 
Banking Law ................................................................ 29 
Base Prospectus ................................................. 161, 177 
Benchmark ................................................................... 35 
Benchmark Regulation ............................................... 35 
BMR ................................................................... 172, 188 
Borrower ........................................................ 10, 82, 106 
Borrower Advance .............................................. 82, 106 
Borrower Collateral Security ............................... 82, 99 
Borrower Collateral Security Agreement ............... 112 
Borrower Enforcement Notice ................................. 111 
Borrower Event of Default ....................................... 110 
Borrower Facility Agreement ............................. 82, 106 
Borrower Facility Commitment ............................... 109 
Borrower Hedging Agreement ................................... 21 
Borrower Hedging Costs........................................... 148 
Borrower Secured Liabilities.................................... 112 
Broken Amount ........................................................... 59 
BRRD ........................................................................... 29 
BRRD II ....................................................................... 30 
BRRD Revision ............................................................ 30 
Business Centre(s) ....................................................... 55 
Calculation Period ....................................................... 55 
Cash Collateral .......................................................... 118 
Cash Collateral Account ........................................... 128 
Cash Collateral Agreement ...................................... 118 
Cash Collateral Funding Notice ............................... 141 
Cash Collateral Provider .......................................... 118 
Cash Collateral Required Funding Amount" or 
"CCRFA ................................................................ 141 
Cash Flow - Priority Payment Orders ..................... 146 
Change of Interest Basis ............................................. 63 
Clearstream ........................................................... 51, 79 
COBS ......................................................................... 159 
Code ....................................................................... 69, 71 
Collateralisation Ratio ................................................ 90 
Collections ................................................................. 118 
Collective Decisions ............................................... 33, 71 
Common Depositary ................................................... 79 
Conditions .....................................................47, 161, 177 
Consob ....................................................................... 157 
Coupons ....................................................................... 47 
Covered Bonds .............................................................. 1 
Covered Bonds Cross Acceleration Event ................. 48 
Covered Bonds Previous Conditions ......................... 40 
CRA Regulation ....................................... 2, 32, 171, 186 
CRBF Regulation ........................................................ 98 
CRD IV ...................................................................... 103 
CRD V ........................................................................ 103 
CRD V package ......................................................... 103 
Cross-Acceleration Enforcement Notice ................. 123 
CRR............................................................................ 103 
Dealer Agreement ..................................................... 153 
Definitive Materialised Covered Bonds ................. 2, 51 
Dematerialised Covered Bonds .............................. 1, 50 
distributor ...................................................... 4, 159, 176 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ................. 5, 39 
Drawdown Request ................................................... 109 
EC ................................................................................. 52 
EEA ......................................................... 1, 154, 160, 175 
Electronic Consent ...................................................... 73 
EMMI ........................................................................ 193 
EMU ............................................................................. 52 
Enforcing Party ................................................. 117, 120 
ESMA ............................................................. 1, 172, 188 
EU Collateral Directive ............................................ 104 
EURIBOR .................................................................... 35 
Euroclear ........................................................... 1, 51, 79 
EUWA ................................................... 2, 4, 35, 160, 175 
Exchange Date ................................................... 168, 184 
Exercise Notice ............................................................ 66 
Extended Final Maturity Date ................................... 65 
FCA ............................................................................ 172 
Final Maturity Date .................................................... 10 
Final Terms ..................................................... 1, 47, 161 
Final Terms of Borrower Advance .......................... 109 
Financial Services Act ............................................... 157 
Fitch Ratings ....................................................... 2, 9, 50 
Foreign Judgment ..................................................... 191 
French Fiscal Agent .................................................... 47 
French Law Covered Bonds ......................................... 1 
FSMA ............................................................. 4, 160, 175 
general bail-in tool ...................................................... 30 
General Meeting .................................................... 33, 72 
German Law Covered Bonds ....................................... 1 
Group ................................................................... 19, 107 
Guarantor .................................................................. 111

--- Page 196 ---
196 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Hedging Provider ........................................................ 21 
Home Loan Eligibility Criteria ................................ 112 
ICE ............................................................................. 193 
IDD ................................................................................. 4 
Ineligible Home Loan ................................................ 113 
Insurance Distribution Directive .............................. 160 
Interest Payment ....................................................... 119 
Interest Reserve ......................................................... 143 
Interest Reserve Rating Trigger Event .................... 143 
Investor's Currency..................................................... 38 
Issuer ........................................................................ 1, 47 
Issuer Accounts .......................................................... 127 
Issuer Accounts Agreement ...................................... 127 
Issuer Accounts Bank ................................................ 127 
Issuer Accounts Bank's Default ............................... 129 
Issuer Calculation Agent........................................... 132 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis .................................. 63 
Issuer Enforcement Notice ................................... 11, 71 
Issuer General Account............................................. 128 
Issuer Hedging Agreement ......................................... 21 
Issuer Hedging Costs ................................................. 147 
Issuer Hedging Subordinated Termination Costs ... 21, 
148 
Issuer Share Capital .................................................... 87 
Issuers Regulation ..................................................... 157 
Legal Liquidity Reserve ............................................ 141 
Legal Substitution Assets .......................................... 100 
Lender ............................................................ 10, 82, 106 
Masse ...................................................................... 13, 71 
Materialised Covered Bonds .................................. 1, 50 
Maximum Legal Substitution Assets Percentage ... 100, 
136 
Member Sate .................................................................. 1 
MiFID II ......................................................... 4, 159, 175 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .............................. 4 
Minimum Legal Overcollateralisation Ratio .... 27, 102 
New EU Covered Bonds Framework ....................... 104 
Non Compliance with Asset Cover Test .................. 139 
Notice of Termination ................................. 96, 131, 134 
Notice to Debtor ......................................................... 117 
Ordinance .................................................................... 29 
Overcollateralisation Ratio ....................................... 102 
Pre-Maturity Rating Downgrade Event .................. 141 
PRIIPs Regulation ......................................... 4, 160, 175 
Principal Financial Centre ......................................... 61 
Privilège .................................................................... 1, 52 
Privileged Creditors .................................................. 148 
Programme .................................................................... 1 
Prospectus Regulation ............. 1, 47, 160, 161, 175, 177 
Rapport Financier Annuel 2019 ................................. 39 
Rapport Financier Annuel 2020 ................................. 39 
Rating Agencies ............................................................. 2 
Registration Agent....................................................... 51 
Regulated Market .......................................................... 1 
Regulation S ................................................................... 4 
Release Without Discharge Event ............................ 120 
relevant Home Loan .................................................. 112 
Relevant Home Loans ............................................... 137 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent .................... 37, 62 
Remedy to an Issuer Accounts Bank Rating Trigger 
Event" .................................................................... 130 
Replacement Relevant Rate ....................................... 62 
Representative ................................................. 13, 33, 71 
Risk Factors - Risk relating to the operations of the 
Issuer - Interest and currency risks ...................... 50 
S&P ...................................................................... 2, 9, 50 
Securities Act ................................................................. 3 
Selection Date ............................................................ 113 
Series ........................................................................ 1, 47 
Service Termination Date ............................96, 131, 135 
Servicing Procedures ................................................ 115 
SFH ................................................................................ 1 
SFH Law ...................................................................... 81 
SFH Legal Framework ............................................... 98 
SFPI............................................................................ 107 
Share Capital Proceeds Account .............................. 128 
Shareholder Letter of Undertaking ........................... 87 
Soft Bullet Covered Bonds ......................................... 65 
Specified Denomination(s) .......................................... 51 
SRM Regulation .......................................................... 29 
SRM Regulation II ...................................................... 30 
SRM Regulation Revision .......................................... 30 
Stabilising Manager(s) .............................................. 192 
Subordinated Loan ..................................................... 87 
Subscription and sale .................................................. 15 
Substitute Administrator ............................................ 96 
Substitute Issuer Accounts Bank ............................. 131 
Substitute Issuer Calculation Agent ........................ 135 
Summary of the SFH Legal Framework ....................... 17 
Summary of the SFH Legal Framework and other 
legal issues ....................................................... 81, 140 
Super Subordinated Bonds Issue ............................... 87 
Switch Date .................................................................. 63 
Talons ........................................................................... 47 
TARGET Business Day .............................................. 55 
TARGET System ........................................................ 55 
Temporary Global Certificate ............................... 1, 79 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds 11, 12, 32 
The Borrower Collateral Security Agreement ........ 126 
The Issuer ...................................................................... 9 
The Issuer - The Administrative Agreement .......... 127 
The Issuer – The Administrative Agreement .......... 146 
The main Programme Documents - The Borrower 
Collateral Security Agreement .............................. 82 
The main Programme Documents - The Borrower 
Facility Agreement ......................................... 82, 123 
The main Programme Documents - The Cash 
Collateral Agreement ............................................. 17 
Tranche .................................................................... 1, 47 
Treaty ........................................................................... 52 
UK .................................................................. 4, 160, 175 
UK BMR ............................................................ 172, 188 
UK MiFIR ........................................... 159, 160, 175, 176 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ............... 4, 176 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.................................. 5, 160, 175 
Wft.............................................................................. 156 
Written Resolution ................................................ 33, 72 
Written Resolution Date ............................................. 73

--- Page 197 ---
197 
WS0101.32901144.1 
Issuer 
BNP Paribas Home Loan SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500O7DJZNM0F0Z036 
1, boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Tel. : +33 1 40 14 85 75 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent in respect of French Law Covered Bonds 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
(affiliated with Euroclear France under number 29106) 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
93500 Pantin 
France 
Auditors to the Issuer 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
Deloitte & Associés 
6 place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris La Défense cedex France 
Legal Advisers to the Arranger and to the Permanent Dealer 
as to French law 
Gide Loyrette Nouel A.A.R.P.I. 
15, rue de Laborde 
75008 Paris 
France 
as to German law 
Hengeler Mueller 
Partnerschaft von Rechtsanwälten mbB 
Bockenheimer Landstrasse 24 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Specific Controller and Substitute Specific Controller 
Fides Audit 
11, rue Marie Laurencin 
75012 Paris 
France 
Hugues BEAUGRAND 
9, rue de Sesçois 
77590 Bois le Roi 
France