--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 28 March 2023  
 
 
LEGAL#23392984v10 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Boliden AB (publ) 
 
Base Prospectus for Swedish medium term note programme 
 
guaranteed by Boliden Mineral AB (publ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
Dealers 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige  
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a maximum of twelve months after the date of 
the approval of the Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or 
material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer 
valid.

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) beginning 
on page 20, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 48 (the “Final Terms”) have the same 
meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context requires otherwise. 
In this Base Prospectus, the “Issuer”, the “Company” or “Boliden” means Boliden AB (publ) or, depending on the context, the 
group in which Boliden AB (publ) presently is a parent company. The “Guarantor” or “Boliden Mineral” means Boliden Mineral 
AB (publ). The “Group” means the Issuer with all its subsidiaries (including Boliden Mineral) from time to time (each a “Group 
Company”). The “Arranger” means Swedbank AB (publ). The “CSD” means either “Euroclear Sweden”, which means Euroclear 
Sweden AB, or “VPS”, which means Verdipapirsentralen ASA and Euronext Securities Oslo. “NOK” refers to Norwegian kroner, 
“SEK” refers to Swedish kronor, “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the 
legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union, “USD” means U.S. dollars. “m” means millions 
and “k” means thousand. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together 
with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for senior unsecured notes (the 
“Programme”). The Programme has been established by Boliden to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to 
time may issue senior unsecured notes (“Notes”) in SEK, NOK or EUR in a minimum Nominal Amount corresponding to an amount 
of EUR 100,000, and with a minimum term of one year. The payment obligations under the Notes are guaranteed by Boliden 
Mineral. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Arranger that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme 
shall not exceed an amount corresponding to an amount of SEK 10,000,000,000 (ten billion) at any time. Boliden and the Arranger 
may agree to increase or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a 
solicitation to buy or sell Notes.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the 
“SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is valid for a period of a maximum of twelve months from the day of 
approval.  
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such 
jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply 
with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered directly or indirectly in 
Norway, unless in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented into Norwegian law through Chapter 7 of the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the 
publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus 
is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s 
or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any 
material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of 
supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment.  
In respect of the Notes, the relevant Dealer will undertake a target market assessment in respect of the Notes and determine the 
appropriate channels for the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating 
in the issue of the Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect 
to future events and financial and operational performance. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on 
reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these 
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set 
out in the forward-looking statement.

--- Page 3 ---
Table of contents 
Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 5 
Terms and Conditions ...................................................................................................................................... 20 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................ 48 
Guarantee ......................................................................................................................................................... 55 
Business description and structure ................................................................................................................... 57 
The Issuer ......................................................................................................................................................... 62 
The Guarantor .................................................................................................................................................. 65 
Legal considerations and supplementary information ...................................................................................... 67 
Addresses ......................................................................................................................................................... 71

--- Page 4 ---
1(73) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions included in 
the section “Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Boliden for the issuance of medium term notes in SEK, NOK or EUR. 
A Note may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in SEK or NOK) and 
with a minimum term of one year. MTN may be issued with fixed rate, floating rate or as zero couponing notes. 
The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the 
Programme shall not exceed SEK 10,000,000,000 at any time. The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase 
or decrease such amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Swedbank AB (publ) as Arranger, and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Aktiebolaget 
Svensk Exportkredit (publ)1 and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers 
may be appointed. 
Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the applicable Final 
Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under the Programme. For each 
Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. 
Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms 
will be submitted to the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) and 
published on the webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments (other than adjustments to clear and obvious errors) to 
the Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior to such amendment, unless a Noteholders’ 
Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account (maintained with 
Euroclear Sweden or, if the Notes are denominated in NOK, with VPS) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. 
Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Notes will be registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument) and, if the Notes are denominated in NOK, in accordance with the Norwegian Financial Instruments 
Act (lov 2019:6) om verdipapisentraler og verdipapiroppgjør mv.)) and the VPS Rules (VPS Rules for 
Registration of Financial Instruments). Registration requests relating to Notes shall be directed to an Account 
Operator. 
Status of Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by law) 
of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
The Pricing of the MTN cannot be established in advance but set in connection with the relevant issue on the 
bases of the prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the relevant 
Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of which is the 
interest applicable to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may be set at a floating 
interest rate based on EURIBOR, NIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
 
1 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
2(73) 
 
Registrar and Paying Agent 
If the Issuer is to issue MTN denominated it NOK, it shall appoint a registrar and paying agent to establish and 
manage the Issuer’s account in the VPS’s book-entry system in accordance with Norwegian law, to register the 
Issuer’s issues of Notes denominated in NOK in the VPS’s book-entry system and assist the Issuer with 
payments of interest and principle in respect of such Notes denominated in NOK. 
Admission to trading  
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Although the Issuer has undertaken to apply for registration on a Regulated Market for Loans 
which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted 
under applicable laws and regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as 
long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer will be entitled to keep any funds that may have 
been reserved for such payments. 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three 
years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid 
down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Green MTN 
The Company may issue Green MTN under this MTN Programme. In such case, the Company shall publish or 
have published a Green MTN framework on its website (www.boliden.com) (the “Green MTN Framework”) 
setting out the terms and conditions applicable to Green MTN (the “Green Terms”). In order for the Green 
Terms to apply to a Loan, the Final Terms of a Loan shall specify that it is a Green MTN. 
The Green Terms may be updated from time to time by the Company. Amendments to the Green Terms made 
after the Loan Date for a particular Green MTN will not apply to Noteholders under that Loan. Failure by the 
Company to comply with the Green Terms for a particular Green MTN will not constitute an event of default or 
termination event under the Terms and Conditions, and will not give rise to any right to prepayment, early 
redemption or other compensation in such event. 
Sustainability Linked MTN 
The Company may issue Sustainability Linked MTN under this MTN Programme. In such case, the Company 
shall publish or have published a Sustainability Linked MTN framework on its website (www.boliden.com) (the 
“Sustainability Linked MTN Framework”) setting out the terms and conditions applicable to Sustainability 
Linked MTN (the “Sustainability Terms”). In order for the Sustainability Terms to apply to a Loan, the Final 
Terms of a Loan shall specify that it is a Sustainability Linked MTN. 
For Sustainability Linked MTN, the interest rate may, in accordance with what is stated in the Final Terms, 
increase or decrease depending on the Company’s sustainability performance. An interest rate increase may 
occur unless the External Auditor confirms that the Sustainability Performance Target has been reached within 
certain time. On the other hand, if the Company meets the Sustainability Performance Target and the External 
Auditor confirms that the Sustainability Performance Target has been reached with the relevant time, the interest 
rate may be reduced. The Sustainability Performance Target, Target Date and interest rate adjustment that is to 
be applied in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN is stated in the Sustainability Terms and the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Sustainability Terms may be updated from time to time by the Company. Amendments to the Sustainability 
Terms made after the Loan Date for a particular Sustainability Linked MTN will not apply to Noteholders under 
that Loan. Failure by the Company to comply with the Sustainability Terms for a particular Sustainability 
Linked MTN will not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Terms and Conditions, and

--- Page 6 ---
3(73) 
 
will not give rise to any right to prepayment, early redemption or other compensation in such event (other than 
an Interest Rate Increase, as applicable pursuant to the Final Terms). 
Governing law 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations issues which arise in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court 
(Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be applicable with 
regards to the registration of Notes in VPS. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest structure applicable to 
a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 and paid in 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following 
day that is a Business Day. Day Count Convention 30/360 means that the amount is to be calculated based on a 
year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each consisting of 30 days and, in the event of a partial month, 
the actual number of days which have elapsed in the month. Interest is calculated and payable, however, only up 
to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘floating interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the 
Maturity Date. 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period shall, when possible, be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin 
for the relevant period. The relevant Interest Base Margin will be set out in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Base Rate will be either of EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 and paid in 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Interest 
Payment Date shall instead be the next Business Day provided that such Business Day does not fall in the new 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the preceding Business Day. Interest is 
calculated and payable up to and including each relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Zero Coupon 
Zero Coupon Loans do not bear interest. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, 
being EURIBOR, NIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. The benchmarks are provided 
by the European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR), Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) and calculated 
in cooperation with Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. acting as calculation agent (NIBOR) and the Swedish 
Financial Benchmark Facility (STIBOR). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility is not registered as an administrator in the register provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”) but has lodged an application with the SFSA to operate as an authorised 
administrator on 27 December 2021. On 2 January 2023, the SFSA assessed the application to be complete and 
shall within four months from that date examine the application for authorisation and adopt a decision to 
authorise or refuse to authorise the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility. The European Money Market

--- Page 7 ---
4(73) 
 
Institute and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS are registered in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to the Benchmarks Regulation. 
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount including interest (if applicable) on the Maturity Date as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the due date in respect of a repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not 
a Business Day, the Loan is not repaid until the following Business Day (and, in respect of interest, as set out 
above in section “Interest structures”).  
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer  
Following agreement with the Noteholder, the Company may repurchase MTN from time to time provided that 
repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company may, in the discretion of the 
Company, be retained, transferred, or redeemed. 
Mandatory repurchase 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, provided that (i) the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market at Nasdaq Stockholm; or (ii) an event, or series of events, occurs which leads to 
a natural or legal person, itself or together with a closely associated person as set forth in the Stock Market 
(Takeover Bids) Act (lagen (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden), directly or 
indirectly, at any time acquiring or otherwise controlling more than 50% of the shares or votes in the Company. 
Termination of Loans 
The Calculation Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if any), 
immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (as 
applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in section 10.2 in the Terms and Conditions 
and if: 
i. 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
ii. 
so demanded in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of demand, represent not less than 1/10 of the 
total outstanding Nominal Amount for the relevant Loan. Upon demand, a Noteholder shall provide 
evidence that the Noteholder is a Noteholder on the relevant Business Day. Demand for acceleration 
may only be made by a Noteholder who alone represents 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount 
or jointly by Noteholders who, together, represent 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount on the 
relevant Business Day.

--- Page 8 ---
5(73) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including Boliden’s market and industry risks, 
operational risks, financial risks, legal risks as well as risks relating to the Notes. Boliden’s assessment of the 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates 
made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material 
risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category 
are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in 
more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk 
factor. 
Risks relating to Boliden and the Group 
Market and industry risks 
Risks related to commodity prices 
Boliden’s revenues derive primarily from the sale of metals, as refined products and non-refined products like 
concentrates and intermediate metal products. Boliden’s profits are based on the revenues minus production 
costs for the metals produced from its internal mine production and on charges for treating raw materials and 
refining the valuable metals (treatment and refining charges) as well as high recovery of metals (free metals) 
from external raw materials feed. Revenue and profit are thus directly linked to the price of relevant metals and 
magnitude of the charges. Metal prices and raw material charges are volatile and cyclical and may fluctuate 
widely depending on supply and demand. The pricing terms for Boliden’s metals are primarily determined on 
commodity exchanges such as the London Metal Exchange (“LME”) for base metals, the London Bullion 
Market Association (“LBMA”) for precious and platinum group metals, and the currency and money market. 
Metal customers pay the metal price plus a premium, which comprises surcharges determined by the regional 
market balance between metal demand and supply, product customisation costs, transport costs and payment 
terms. Raw material treatment and refining charges are a function of supply and demand. For copper, lead and 
zinc concentrates, Boliden follows the global benchmark charges. Boliden’s products are largely priced in USD 
and costs are mainly in SEK/EUR/NOK. Fluctuations in the USD/SEK/EUR/NOK exchange rates thus have a 
significant impact on Boliden’s profit and cash flow, particularly since individual sales transactions may 
represent significant amounts (see further “Currency risk” below). Based on listing prices as of 31 December 
2022, a change in metal prices by +/- 10% on zinc, copper, gold, silver, lead and nickel (based on planned 
production volumes for the coming twelve months) will affect Boliden’s operating profit by +/- SEK 1,000 m, 
SEK 950 m, SEK 380 m, SEK 300 m, SEK 200 m and SEK 450 m, respectively.  
Commodity price volatility is caused by numerous factors, such as the business cycle as well as changes to 
global metals demand and supply and factors that impact the trade flow between countries and regions. 
Commodity prices are also affected by general economic development, and in weaker economic markets, 
commodity prices have often reached a low point when they equate to the cash cost level for high-cost 
producers. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, commodity prices fluctuated significantly. The Group 
is not, nor is it currently contemplating, hedging all commodity risk that might arise from its operations 
(including, but not limited to, maintenance of inventories required for optimal smelting processes). Therefore, in 
respect of its exposure to any commodity risk that is (i) hedged but such hedging transpires to be imperfect or 
insufficient; and (ii) not hedged, if the market prices of metal produced by the Group fall below the Group’s total 
production costs (including the cost of externally purchased raw materials), and remain at this level for any 
sustained period, it would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s profitability and results. 
Furthermore, the Group purchases metals in raw materials as concentrates and secondary raw materials, which is 
processed into refined metals, and where the acquisition value of the metals in raw materials as well as the 
exchange rates may differ from the final sales value. Such differences arise as a result of variations in quantities 
purchased, processed and sold over time. When Boliden undertakes to participate in a transaction at a fixed value 
and that is not compensated for by a simultaneous opposite transaction of a corresponding size and nature, a 
transaction risk arises. Some customers are offered fixed prices in different currencies that are sometimes set 
well in advance of delivery. Accordingly, the Group may suffer financial losses in the event of a negative 
commodity price or currency development.

--- Page 9 ---
6(73) 
 
Macroeconomic and political risks 
Boliden’s market is global, where prices are set by the global supply and demand balance, while Boliden’s 
metals and products are sold predominantly in Europe. Accordingly, the Group is affected by macroeconomic 
factors and international, national and regional economic conditions. Economic downturns and uncertainty in the 
international financial markets may affect the financial position of customers and suppliers and thus impact their 
ability to conduct business with the Group. Other factors that impact demand for metals and which consequently 
impact pricing include technical developments and new inventions, population growth, urbanisation, industrial 
activity levels, investments in infrastructure and automotive market trends. Furthermore, the smelting industry is 
sensitive to impacts of supply and demand in the metal concentrates market as it is a key determining factor in 
treatment and refining charges, which make up a significant part of smelters’ gross profit. In addition, high 
inflationary pressure and raised central bank rates affect the economic outlook and metal prices negatively. 
Significant deterioration in the global economy or decreases in demand for the Group’s products would have a 
material adverse impact on the Group’s operations, financial position and results.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material adverse effect on the global economy, on 
production at metal consuming industries and thus demand from the industrial sector. The rebound in economic 
activity, from the initial sharp negative impact on global GDP growth, was quickly fuelled by financial support 
packages of unprecedented scale, which lead to supply constraints, logistical challenges, global energy crisis, 
high inflation, and increasing interest rates. The level of uncertainty in the global economy is currently the 
highest for many decades. The financial and operational outcome of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain and 
presents a significant risk to Boliden and the mining and smelting industry. 
Moreover, there are uncertainties as to the current political climate globally, including geopolitical tensions and 
anti-globalisation trends in trade, which could impact the global economy and thus the markets where the Group 
operates. For example, implementation of trade barriers that inhibit international trade in metal concentrates may 
negatively affect a stable, reliable raw materials supply, which is needed to enable the smelters to produce at 
high levels of capacity utilization and consistent quality. Furthermore, the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian war, and the 
sanctions imposed as a consequence thereof, may lead to lower growth and disruptions to the global economy, 
the financial markets and global trade. The war in Ukraine has had major consequences on energy prices and raw 
materials markets with volatile and rising prices, and there is a continued increased risk of instability in the 
financial and metal markets. The energy market has also been affected by the war, which has resulted in higher 
energy prices, and Boliden’s operations are fully affected by the volatility in global market prices for oil-related 
products such as diesel. The Russo-Ukrainian war may also affect Boliden directly. The Group has taken action 
to eliminate direct sales to and purchases from Russia, but could be indirectly affected through some suppliers 
which still source some of their inputs from Russia. Another identified risk is the sharing of common utilities 
with Norilsk Nickel, a Russian company, in the Harjavalta industrial area. The degree to which macroeconomic 
and political factors may affect Boliden is uncertain and presents a significant risk to its operations. 
The Group owns and operates assets in several countries and, as a result, is exposed to various political 
environments and risks. Political decisions, such as changes to different types of taxes, costs related to the 
carbon footprint, reclamation management, licensing processes, recycling requirements, and environmental and 
climate regulations, can have an impact in Sweden and the countries in which Boliden and its business partners 
operate. For example, any future taxes or other measures taken by any state or any other party regarding carbon 
emissions may impact the price of raw materials purchased by Boliden in the market or sales of metals and other 
products. Such taxes or other costs may also impact Boliden through its purchasing of electricity and fuels. 
Customer-related risks 
Boliden operates both mines and smelters; selling raw materials from its mines to primarily its own smelters and 
selling metals produced by its smelters. Boliden’s metals are sold to industrial customers, primarily in the 
automotive, steel and construction industry, but some also to base metal traders. Accordingly, the Group 
generates a significant portion of its revenue from sales to industrial customers. There is a risk that, on 
expiration, existing contracts will not be renewed, resulting in either (i) increased sales via traders or over the 
LME, at the daily spot or forward rates, which could be less than rates agreed with industrial customers; or (ii) 
the need to enter into replacement contracts with new customers who may be located further away, thus giving 
rise to increased transportation costs.  
Boliden’s product portfolio comprises copper, zinc, lead, nickel matte, gold, silver and platinum and palladium 
concentrates, together with a number of by-products. Boliden also offers a variety of different lead and zinc 
alloys that are customised in line with different customers’ requirements. Furthermore, reduced sales to 
industrial customers in Europe means that the Group will be required to sell larger volumes to traders or the

--- Page 10 ---
7(73) 
 
LME, with lower margins as a result. Accordingly, significant decrease in sales to industrial customers, or a loss 
of a customer who accounts for a large part of the Group’s revenue, would have a material adverse effect on the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. Inability or restrictions to sell sulphuric acid in the market and 
inability to store sulphuric acid may negatively impact Boliden’s ability to maintain production. 
Risks related to supply of raw materials and energy 
Boliden sources concentrates from mines globally and uses external suppliers to supplement its own production 
to enable its smelters to maximise profitability. Accordingly, a stable and reliable supply of raw materials such 
as copper, zinc and nickel concentrates, and secondary raw materials such as electronic scrap or used lead 
batteries, is crucial for Boliden’s operations. The Group is exposed to both price and supply risk with respect to 
raw materials sourced from the global market. In 2022, the Group’s raw material costs (including inventory) 
totalled SEK 44,781 m. Furthermore in 2022, the total mined concentrate feed (primary material) used in the 
Group’s smelting operations totalled 2,466 ktonnes. Significant increases in prices on raw materials and 
concentrate feed thus adversely affect Boliden’s gross profit and thereby its results. If there is a shortage of 
concentrate in Boliden’s internal concentrate supply, Boliden may be in a situation where a larger proportion of 
total concentrate needs to be purchased externally, through traders or in the spot market in order to maintain 
metal production levels. Even though the internal feed is purchased on market terms, the terms on which 
externally supplied concentrates need to be purchased on spot market may be less favourable compared to annual 
contracts or may render higher transportation costs. Therefore, if internal sourcing of concentrates declines 
significantly, the profitability of Boliden’s smelters may be impacted negatively.  
Furthermore, treatment and refining charges make up a large part of the smelters’ gross profit and are determined 
by the supply/demand of concentrates. There is a risk that the Group does not have access to adequate 
concentrates in the market at competitive terms, which could lead to lower smelter production capacity 
utilisation, thus having a negative impact on the Group’s earnings. Failure by external and internal suppliers to 
supply raw materials in the amounts required or with the qualities that make up the most efficient mix for the 
Group’s smelters or on reasonable terms may require the Group to source alternative supplies or amend 
production, which could result in lower output quantities, thus adversely affecting the production and 
profitability in Boliden’s smelting operations.  
Moreover, smelters are energy-intensive operations, which means that stable access to electricity is crucial. The 
Group’s costs for energy totalled SEK 4,412 m in 2022, corresponding to approximately 17% of its operating 
costs (14% for Mines and 21% for Smelters). Accordingly, as energy costs continue to be a significant part of the 
Group’s total production costs, the Group is exposed to the risk of reduced profitability and disruptions in 
operations if long-term agreements at attractive prices cannot be secured, if the cost of energy increases 
significantly or in the event of shortages in supply. Hence, significant increases in energy costs or shortages in 
supply of energy would adversely impact the Group’s, operations, financial position and results. 
Risks related to increased competition  
Boliden’s industry is characterised by strong competition. The Group competes with other mining and smelting 
companies and traders, many of whom have larger financial resources. These companies may also expand and 
diversify their commodity sourcing, processing or marketing operations or engage in pricing or other financial or 
operational practices that could increase competitive pressure on the Group across each of its business segments 
(including the search for and acquisition of mineral rich property). Boliden’s operations are concentrated to the 
northern half of Europe, entailing longer and more expensive transportations for both raw materials and sale of 
produced metals, which could lead to certain disadvantages compared to other mines and smelters that may be 
more well positioned geographically, i.e. closer to suppliers and customers.  
Boliden competes both with large international global mining companies such as Glencore, Anglo American, 
Antofagasta and BHP Billiton, and mid-sized and smaller mining companies such as Lundin Mining. Boliden 
also competes with smelting companies in purchasing of concentrates and metal sales, such as Glencore, Aurubis 
and Nyrstar. In addition, there has been a rapid growth in copper smelter construction over the past 10–15 years, 
particularly in China, and as a result, a global overcapacity has arisen, thus increasing the competition within the 
relevant industry segment. Moreover, in sales of sulphuric acid, there is a risk that demand locally and regionally 
does not match the Group’s production, and that volumes have to be shipped on the international market at a 
certain cost. If the international market demand is low, there is also a risk that smelters have to store sulphuric 
acid, which can only be stored for a limited period of time, at a certain cost. A situation with persistently low 
sulphuric acid demand could also lead to a need to reduce the smelter production, which would have a negative 
impact on the Group’s earnings. The degree to which competition may affect Boliden is uncertain and presents a 
significant risk to the Group’s ability to maintain profitable pricing, retain market shares and expand operations.

--- Page 11 ---
8(73) 
 
Operational risks 
Health and safety-related risks 
Boliden handles large material flows both under and above ground, and from time to time its employees and 
contractors are exposed to heavy machinery, lifting, high temperatures and hazardous substances. Furthermore, 
part of the workforce works in shifts, which may increase psychosocial risks. Deviations from established 
procedures, lack of proactive reporting risk, inadequate planning and deficient resource assignment can create 
dangerous situations and increase the risk of injury. In 2022, the number of accidents leading to absence from 
work per one million hours worked (LTI frequency) was 4.7 for Boliden’s own personnel and contractors. 
Furthermore, the sick leave rate was 5.6% during 2022. The COVID-19 pandemic and seasonal influenza has 
resulted in increased sick leave and short-term interruptions to production. If Boliden fails to reduce the risk of 
accidents or is unsuccessful in preventing the spread of sickness and ill-health to employees and contractors, it 
would adversely affect its operations and profits. 
The occurrence of health and safety-related risks and the costs associated with remediating them (including 
prevention measures, restoration of own or third party property, compensation to third parties for loss and/or 
payment of fines or damages, loss of production or effects on operating permits) could adversely impact the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. Health and safety-related events may lead to property or 
environmental damage at any of the Group’s facilities or surrounding areas. Such events may also harm 
Boliden’s reputation, both as an industrial player and as an employer, undermining various stakeholders’ 
confidence in the Group’s safety and work environment efforts. The degree to which health and safety-related 
risks may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s operations and reputation. 
Environmental and climate risks 
Boliden’s operations impact both the global climate and the local environment. For both operational and 
decommissioned sites, considerable risks can be linked to emissions to air and water, the storage of waste, 
energy consumption and the significance of land use for biodiversity. Because government agencies impose ever 
more stringent demands for reclamation measures for slag and mining waste, these risks are potential cost 
drivers. There are also financial risks linked to historical waste and the failure of obtaining new permits for 
mineral extraction, as such events are costly. Mining and smelting operations are subject to rigorous 
environmental permit requirements, established by regulatory authorities and courts of law. Accordingly, 
Boliden’s various operations are widely subject to licensing requirements and to wide-ranging environmental 
and other regulations. 
Furthermore, external environmental risks, changes to regulations and environmental related taxes, such as 
requirements relating to CO2 emissions from production processes, may affect the Group. For example, the EU’s 
Emissions Trading System scheme, under which Boliden has been allocated a number of quotas setting the 
allowed amount of CO2 emissions per year, may require the Group to purchase allowances (exchangeable 
quotas), if certain levels of CO2 emissions are exceeded. This may result in cost increases and put Boliden at a 
competitive disadvantage in relation to non-EU competitors, since Boliden may be required to incur costs for 
acquiring allowances that non-EU competitors do not have to acquire. Boliden is subject to environmental 
regulations, such as the EU Industrial Emissions Directive (2010/75/EU), the EU Mining Waste Directive 
(2006/21/EC) and the REACH regulation (EC 1907/2006). Environmental regulations, limits and quotas may 
require the Group to temporarily decrease its production levels or lead to increased costs or delays, whereas non-
compliance with such regulations and restrictions may lead to fines, sanctions and increased costs, thus adversely 
impacting the Group’s operations and results. 
In addition, climate change and global warming can increase the risk of more extreme weather phenomena. 
Related operating risks include changes in precipitation that lead to heavy rain, snowfall or flooding that, for 
example, can affect open pit mining operations. Flooding and changes in groundwater levels could impact 
Boliden’s operations. Higher (or lower) temperatures and storms in the future might also have negative 
implications on Boliden’s operations, increasing the need to reinforce dams and introduce further measures to 
limit dust emissions. 
Boliden is responsible for approximately 40 dam facilities that are either currently in use, or decommissioned, to 
store tailings sand or other waste and for water management. Tailings ponds and their dam structures are a major 
mining industry risk with the greatest potential for damage to the environment in the event of a failure. The risks 
comprise both the environmental impact when a dam is constructed and the risk of a dam failure. Furthermore, 
the risk varies with extreme weather conditions and changes in average rainfall. For example, in 1998, a dam 
accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in Spain, which was then owned by Boliden’s 
subsidiary, Boliden Apirsa S.L. (“Apirsa”). It was established that the likely cause of the accident was design

--- Page 12 ---
9(73) 
 
and construction errors by the building companies. Nevertheless, various legal proceedings are still pending in 
Spain in order to determine the liability for certain costs associated with the accident, totalling approximately 
EUR 147 m in relation to which Boliden has not made any provisions.  
In recent years, a number of dam accidents have occurred in mines operated by other companies, e.g. in Brazil. 
As a result, the International Council of Mining and Metals (ICMM) introduced and adopted a new Global 
Industry Standard on Tailings Management (GISTM), which sets a precedent for the safe management of tailings 
facilities, towards the goal of zero harm. Boliden was admitted as a member to ICMM in 2021 and has as such 
committed itself to the implementation of the GISTM standard. In accordance herewith, Boliden has updated its 
stability and risk assessments for tailings dams operated by Boliden, strengthened its dam safety organisation 
with several new functions and updated its dam safety and tailings management governing documents and 
processes, Boliden has also dedicated substantial financial resources to dam safety and resolved to invest SEK 5 
billion in works for the reinforcement of its Aitik facility and is in the process of carrying out such construction 
measures. There is, however, a risk that such assessments, organisation, processes and measures prove to be 
insufficient or inadequate, and the risk of dam failures cannot be completely ruled out and the negative 
implications of such events may be substantial. Environmental risks may thus have a material adverse effect on 
Boliden’s operations, financial position and results. 
Boliden is dependent on the supply of goods and services and maintaining an adequate 
infrastructure 
Boliden’s mining, processing and exploration activities depend on an adequate infrastructure. Water and 
electricity supply, as well as reliable transport infrastructure and services are essential for the conduct of the 
operations (including the transportation of raw materials, assets and commodities between the mine, the smelter, 
own and external and the end-user) and the availability and cost of this infrastructure affects capital and 
operating costs. As a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, availability of spare parts and raw materials has 
also been negatively affected. Interference with the supply of goods and services and the infrastructure may 
adversely impact the Group’s ability to conduct operations, lead to high concentrate stocks and increase 
Boliden’s costs and negatively affect its cash flows. 
Furthermore, the Group may be required to make significant investments in its infrastructure in order to comply 
with, and be proactive in terms of expected changes to, environmental and climate regulations, for example, to 
remain within permitted emission levels. For example, in 2022, geotechnical investigations in Aitik showed the 
need to eventually change to a new dam construction method to ensure long-term disposal of tailings. In 
addition, there is a need to strengthen the current dam construction to meet the best international industry 
standards. The investments are expected to lead to increased investments of a total of SEK 5 billion (of which 
SEK 1 billion in 2022). Maintaining and developing an adequate infrastructure that complies with environmental 
regulations and sustainability priorities may thus be costly and require substantial capital expenditures.  
In order to conduct its business and maintain an adequate infrastructure, Boliden is dependent on a timely supply 
of a variety of equipment, consumables and services, and Boliden is thus subject to risks relating disruptions in 
suppliers’ production and supply chains. Boliden has more than 6,000 suppliers. Boliden’s purchasing volumes, 
excluding concentrate purchases, totalled SEK 19.9 billion in 2022, with Mines and Smelters accounting for 
56% and 44%, respectively, of this total. For most of Boliden’s purchasing categories, the costs increased during 
2022 due to supply shortages on the market caused by the pandemic as well as the war in Ukraine. Mainly it is 
the cost of bulk commodities (including chemicals, explosives, coal and diesel) that have increased but also 
within logistics and electricity. Boliden, as most other companies, has faced large price increases. Thanks to 
supplier agreements, some market price increases have been avoided, mitigated and/or postponed, but price 
index clauses and agreement renewals over time translate market conditions also to Boliden’s purchase prices. If 
the costs of goods and services continue to increase without corresponding price increases of Boliden’s products, 
it would adversely affect the Group’s operating costs and thereby its profitability. 
Boliden can also be negatively affected if an important supplier is lost, which can occur if a supplier runs into 
financial difficulties or for other reasons ceases in its supply, or if a supplier needs to be terminated due to 
sanctions or non-compliance with laws, regulations, code of conduct or other applicable reason and a 
replacement cannot be arranged without undue delay. There is a risk that Boliden in such cases will not be able 
to contract a new supplier on reasonable time or at similar costs, which would adversely affect the Group’s 
operations.

--- Page 13 ---
10(73) 
 
Risks related to unplanned stoppages and maintenance shutdowns 
Boliden’s business is subject to numerous operating risks and hazards normally associated with the mining and 
smelting industries. The Group’s production essentially comprises continuous processes and planned as well as 
unplanned stoppages and maintenance shutdowns can affect production, emissions and discharges and 
consequently financial results.  
Major maintenance shutdowns are planned and carried out with a regularity depending on the process within the 
smelting operations. In addition, maintenance is, albeit conducted on a less comprehensive scale, an integral part 
of day-to-day operations for the mines. There is a risk that planned maintenance shutdowns take longer time than 
expected or become more expensive than estimated, thus negatively affecting the Group’s operations and results. 
Furthermore, unplanned stoppages could occur due to, for example, technical problems, fires, injuries, accidents, 
water inflow, strikes, or breakdowns caused by lack of or inadequate maintenance. As an example, in March 
2021, hydraulic problems in one out of two primary mills in the concentrator plant led to production disruptions 
in Aitik, and in the fourth quarter 2021, a water inflow when drilling the pilot hole for a ventilation shaft in Tara 
caused a halt in mining production. The operating profit effect due to production disruptions and breakdowns in 
Aitik and Tara amounted to SEK -300 m in the first quarter 2021. In July 2021, a fire in Harjavalta, entailing a 
minor shutdown in the copper and nickel feeds, affected operating profit by SEK -80 m. Furthermore, in 
December 2021, nickel production at the Harjavalta smelter was stopped due to a slag explosion that was the 
result of a process malfunction in the nickel electric furnace slag tapping system. The impact on operating profit 
was SEK -100 m. Accordingly, unplanned stoppages may have a negative impact on production and thus 
adversely affect the Group’s operations and results.  
The pandemic years also demonstrated the risk of production disruptions due to societal restrictions and 
disturbances in Boliden’s supply chains. Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic led to some disturbances in 
production due to higher sick leave in general and to some specific production disturbances. For example, in 
Tara, production stopped on 28 March 2020 as a result of restrictions introduced by the Irish government and in 
Kevitsa, a shutdown of milled production was necessary in August 2021 for four days due to a break out of 
COVID-19. In the second quarter 2022, planned maintenance shutdown affected earnings negatively by SEK 
390 m. In the third quarter 2022, planned maintenance shutdowns affected earnings negatively by SEK 50 m. In 
the fourth quarter 2022, planned maintenance shutdowns affected earnings negatively by SEK 60 m. Primarily, 
smelters are subject to maintenance shutdown. Accordingly, unplanned stoppages, breakdowns and maintenance 
shutdowns adversely affect the production at mines and smelters, thus negatively impacting earnings and 
profitability. 
IT related risks 
Boliden’s mining and smelter processes are highly automated and IT dependent in terms of process control, 
monitoring, logistic planning and trading. The risk of intrusion into the IT environment with ransomware or 
similar or IT incidents can bring IT systems to a halt, thus stopping production or other operations. Such events 
are also unpredictable in terms of recovery times. For example, an encryption of a system may cause multiple 
shutdowns, i.e. encompassing more than one site. IT incidents may also spread to businesses elsewhere and 
therefore present a significant risk to the Group. Moreover, a logistic system shutdown may hinder Boliden from 
shipping goods to customers. Such logistic delays would negatively affect Boliden’s reputation and confidence 
amongst customers. IT attacks, errors and damage to IT systems, operational disruptions, defective or incorrect 
deliveries of IT services from Boliden’s IT providers are other risk factors in this regard. The degree to which IT 
related risks may affect Boliden is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s business and results of 
operations. 
Employee-related risks 
Boliden’s operations are complex and technically advanced. Consequently, mines and smelters require 
committed and creative employees with specific expertise in several areas. In general, competition for skilled 
labour remains high in many of the places where Boliden operates, partly as a result of new business start-ups in 
the industrial sector. Meanwhile, a major technology shift is currently taking place within Boliden – with an 
increase in digitization, process development and automation – generating requirements for employees to work 
with innovation and technological development in many different areas, which risks leading to skills shortages in 
many different occupational groups.  
The conditions for Boliden to recruit, develop, retain and replace appropriately skilled employees are affected by 
global competition for relevant and skilled labour as well as the current employee age distribution across the 
Group. A considerable number of Boliden’s employees will retire over the next few years, at the same time as 
technology will develop through digitalisation and the competition for skilled manpower is increasing in many

--- Page 14 ---
11(73) 
 
of the areas in which Boliden operates. The demand of people with relevant training and experience increases the 
difficulty of recruitment work. Such demands may also require Boliden to increase its salaries, which, in 2022 
(including other remuneration and social security expenses) amounted to SEK 5,807 m. Failure to meet the 
challenges related to a predominantly senior workforce could impact the Group’s ability to run the operations 
effectively, which would adversely impact the Group’s competitiveness and profitability. 
As of 31 December 2022, Boliden had 6,226 employees in eight countries. Many of the Group’s employees are 
represented by trade union organisations under various collective labour agreements in each country. The Group 
may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate its collective labour agreements in a specific country when they 
expire and may face tougher negotiation or higher wage demands. In addition, existing labour agreements in a 
specific country may not prevent a strike or work stoppage locally in the future. A failure to renegotiate labour 
agreements on reasonable terms and a failure to maintain positive employee relations could adversely impact the 
Group’s reputation, operations, financial position and results. For example, in August 2022, the Norwegian 
Union Industri Energi launched industrial actions on national level, related to national collaborative agreement 
negotiations. These actions affected Boliden’s zinksmelter in Odda where a total of 255 employees were 
engaged in a strike that lasted for ten days. Industrial measures may also be taken by employees by way of 
solidary actions to support strikes initiated by other unionised employees, thus adversely affecting Boliden’s 
operations even if Boliden as an employer is not involved. 
Risks related to access to land and water 
Boliden’s operations utilise land (the Group manages approximately 25,700 hectares of forests and land) for 
exploration, mining, concentrating, smelter operations and transport. Accordingly, access to land is fundamental 
for Boliden’s ability to carry out exploration and conduct mining and smelting operations. In order to continue or 
expand its operations, the Group may need, from time to time, access to new land for production facilities, waste 
facilities or for infrastructure or other activities. Such access may also be required to waterbodies. Water is also 
essential as a resource in the production, for example as a cooling agent or as a medium in the ore concentration 
process. Such required access to land or water may sometimes not be obtainable on reasonable terms. Failure to 
procure necessary access to land or water or access at costs higher than anticipated could adversely impact the 
Group’s expansion opportunities and operational costs.  
Access to land or water may also be in conflict with other competing interests (such as environmental 
conservation interests, the interests of indigenous people and competing exploitation interests). There is a trend 
towards increased protection of competing interests, in particular nature conservation interests, which is likely to 
make access to land and water more difficult. Recent examples of such increased protection at an EU level 
include new or revised environmental quality standards introduced under the EU Water Framework Directive 
and the EU Commissions proposal for a Nature Restoration Law. An example at a national level is the County 
Administrative Board of Norrbotten’s proposal to form a nature conservation area at Gallaberget in northern 
Sweden, where Boliden has an ongoing exploration project. Violation of such interests may thus harm Boliden’s 
reputation and lead to penalties and fines or to Boliden being prevented from starting up or proceeding with 
certain operations. 
The Group’s operations can also have an impact on local communities, including the need, from time to time, to 
relocate communities or infrastructure such as railways, roads and utility services. For example, a planned 
expansion of production at the Aitik mine (Sweden’s largest open pit copper mine with ore that contains copper, 
gold and silver, located in Gällivare municipality in northern Sweden), requires relocation of the villages 
Liikavaara and Sakajärvi and the E10 road. Relocation of communities and infrastructure may lead to negative 
publicity and deterioration in relationships with local communities, government and non-governmental 
organisations, which may adversely impact the Group’s reputation and ability to expand its operations.  
Risks related to Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves 
Mineral Reserves are those parts of a mineral resource that can be mined and processed in accordance with the 
Group’s profitability requirements and taking into account factors such as waste rock dilution. Boliden reports 
Mineral Reserves exclusive of Mineral Resources to avoid double counting. This means that quantities converted 
to Mineral Reserves are removed from Mineral Resources. Mineral Reserves are divided into two categories: 
proven Mineral Reserves and probable Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources are a concentration of minerals in 
the bedrock that may become commercially extractable. Mineral Resources are divided into three categories: 
measured Mineral Resources, indicated Mineral Resources and inferred Mineral Resources. 
Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are the basis for the future viability of a mining company’s operations. 
Mineral Reserves form the basis for the mines’ long-term plans and, together with Mineral Resources, are the

--- Page 15 ---
12(73) 
 
underlying data for many of the Group’s major investments. Mineral Reserves are reduced every year through 
mining activities and need to be replaced by new additions in order to maintain the operations over time. 
Accordingly, sufficient Mineral Resources and Reserves in the Group’s mines to secure production for many 
years are crucial for the mining operations. The individual lifespan of Boliden’s mines differs significantly from 
longer at Aitik and Garpenberg to shorter at other operations, such as the Boliden Area and Tara. A lack of 
sufficient Mineral Resources and Reserves will have a material adverse effect on the Group’s future mining 
operations and prospects.  
The Group’s exploration results have been estimated and compiled in accordance with applicable rules and 
regulations. The estimates are subject to a number of assumptions such as the price of commodities, production 
costs, recovery rates, extraction levels, other geological aspects and numerous additional factors. Fluctuations in 
the variables underlying the Group’s estimates may result in changes to the Group’s mineral resources and ore 
reserves. Accordingly, if the Group’s mineral resources and ore reserve are less than currently estimated, it may 
have an adverse impact the Group’s financial position and results. 
Exploration and geological risks 
Considering that all mines have finite lifespans, successful exploration is the key to all mining operations. 
Boliden’s exploration work focuses on identifying and upgrading mineralisation in the vicinity of existing 
mining operations. Exploration activities include geophysical surveys, boulder hunting, bedrock mapping, 
geochemical sampling and core diamond drilling as the final step to confirm a mineralisation. As of 
31 December 2022, the Group’s exploration rights totalled SEK 271 m.  
Exploration and development programmes are by their nature costly and uncertain but are necessary for the 
Group’s business and ability to add mineral resources and ore reserve. Since permits are required to undertake 
exploration and development activities, the potential of discovering new resources and bringing new mines into 
production may be impacted by decisions by governments, courts, authorities and other parties. Such decisions 
may have a negative impact on Boliden’s ability to carry out the exploration and development activities deemed 
necessary. Failure to discover (or acquire) new reserves, to maintain the Group’s existing mineral rights, to 
enhance existing Mineral Resources and Reserves or to extract ore from such reserves may adversely impact the 
Group’s long-term operations and profitability.  
The Group’s ability to successfully conduct mining operations is also dependent on the geological conditions of 
the mining sites, such as water levels and rock quality. The mining sites are exposed to risks relating to 
geotechnical instability, including mine cave-ins, slope failures, pit collapses, landslides and other types of 
ground movements, which, if the Group fails to implement sufficient safety measures, may lead to 
environmental harm, personal injuries, unplanned stoppages and large costs. The degree to which geotechnical 
risks may affect Boliden is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s operations and results, as well 
as to the environment and employees. 
Financial risks 
Refinancing and liquidity risk 
The mining and smelting business is capital intensive. Specifically, the exploration and exploitation of reserves, 
operational costs, maintenance of machinery and equipment and compliance with laws and regulations requires 
substantial capital expenditure. Failure to maintain production levels, generate sufficient cash flow or maintain 
access to financing alternatives may impact the amounts of capital available for necessary expenditure and this, 
in turn, may adversely impact the Group’s liquidity and financial position. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to 
liquidity risk arising from the need to finance its on-going operations, growth and working capital requirements 
when payment obligations cannot be met as a result of insufficient liquidity. Refinancing risks arise when the 
requisite financing cannot be obtained to refinance the Group’s financial liabilities. The Group’s ability to meet 
its future capital needs is highly dependent on the successful operations of the Group and the availability of 
capital, which in turn depends on factors such as market conditions, general credit availability within the 
financial markets and the Group’s credit capacity.  
Boliden’s loan agreements carry loan covenants which oblige the Group to comply with certain defined key ratio 
conditions in order to avoid early repayment. If, in the future, Boliden would be unable to satisfy covenants in its 
financing agreements and not be granted waivers, loans may be terminated pursuant to the terms of the financing 
agreements. Any such termination can, in turn, lead to outstanding amounts under other financing agreements 
also becoming immediately due and payable (so-called cross default). Furthermore, non-compliance with laws 
and regulations relating to, for example, sanctions and anti-bribery, may lead to loss of current funding and 
negatively impact the access to new funding.

--- Page 16 ---
13(73) 
 
As of 31 December 2022, total financial liabilities amounted to SEK 21,323 m. A deterioration in the global 
economic climate may entail increased risks in respect of profit performance and financial position, and the risk 
of Boliden coming into conflict with loan terms and conditions. If access to capital which is required to operate 
its business or to refinance the Group’s financial liabilities were to become limited, it would materially adversely 
impact the Group’s financial position and results. 
Credit and counterparty risk  
Credit and counterparty risk refers to the risk that a counterparty in a transaction may fail to fulfil its obligation, 
thus causing the Group to incur a loss. Boliden’s financial exposure to counterparty risk mainly occurs when 
trading in derivative instruments. Credit risks in trade and other receivables are the risk of the Group’s customers 
failing to fulfil their obligations. The majority of the Group’s trade and other receivables relate to European 
customers. On 31 December 2022, the credit risk in derivative instruments corresponded to a market value of 
SEK 415 m, which relates to Boliden’s receivables from external counterparties. Furthermore on 31 December 
2022, total trade and other receivables amounted to SEK 3,830 m, of which trade and other receivables that had 
fallen due for payment more than 30 days ago totalled SEK 56 m, corresponding to 14.6% of the total trade and 
other receivables, but may vary significantly over time. A significant increase in trade and other receivables 
falling due without the counterparty honouring its obligations in due time or at all would have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s liquidity and financial position. 
Currency risk  
The Group’s accounts are consolidated in SEK, but certain operating costs and income are denominated in other 
currencies. A translation difference arises when converting net investments in overseas operations into SEK in 
conjunction with exchange rate fluctuations, which risks impacting Other comprehensive income negatively 
within the Group. Also, the Group may have all or parts of its financing in currencies other than SEK. Pricing 
terms for Boliden’s products are based mainly on metal exchanges, and are priced largely in USD. As a result, 
transaction exposure arises from binding undertakings to Boliden’s customers and suppliers, where the cost of 
raw materials and exchange rates may differ from the final sales value, or in fixed-price offers made in different 
currencies long before delivery.  
For these reasons, changes in exchange rates and prices have a major impact on Boliden’s profit and cash flow. 
The Group is not, nor is it currently contemplating, hedging all currency risk that might arise from its operational 
cash flows in foreign currencies. Therefore, in respect of its exposure to any currency risk that is (i) hedged but 
such hedging transpires to be imperfect or insufficient; and (ii) not hedged, unfavourable fluctuations in relevant 
foreign currencies may adversely impact the Group’s operations, financial position and results. Based on closing 
day listings on 31 December 2022 and on Boliden’s planned production volumes for the coming twelve months, 
a +/- 10% change in USD/SEK, EUR/USD and USD/NOK would affect the Group’s operating profit by +/- SEK 
2,100 m, SEK 1,650 and SEK 200 m, respectively. Fluctuations in currencies, particularly the USD/SEK/EUR 
exchange rates, thus have a significant impact on Boliden’s operating profits and cash flows. 
Interest rate risk  
Interest charged on the Group’s borrowings may be subject to changes in the market rates of interest, and any 
increase in such interest rates will increase the Group’s interest payments and may adversely impact the Group’s 
interest costs and thereby its results. Accordingly, the current high interest rate environment means that the 
Group’s interest costs increase. In 2022, the Group’s total interest paid amounted to SEK 227 m. Changes in 
market interest rates also affect the Group’s profits and cash flows. The rapidity with which a change in interest 
rate levels affects the Group’s net financial items depends on the fixed term of the loans and the duration of the 
loans. The Group’s loan portfolio had, on 31 December 2022, an average fixed interest term of 1.7 years. 
Furthermore in 2022, Boliden’s average interest rate was 1.9%, weighted against rolling debt, while the debt 
portfolio’s average interest rate was 2.8%. Increased market rates that, to a significant extent, affect Boliden’s 
interest costs would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results and financial position. 
Risks relating to the financial reporting and changes in accounting standards 
In preparing the financial statements of the Group, Boliden’s management is obliged to make certain judgements 
and estimates that can have an impact on the Group’s financial statements. Failure to use accurate assumptions in 
calculations for such estimates could adversely impact the Group’s financial position and results. 
Key audit matters for Boliden include, inter alia, (i) provisions of estimated reclamation costs (which are 
judgmental and dependent on several factors including cost estimates for different reclamation measures, life of 
mine, regulatory decisions, future inflation and discount rates); (ii) recognition of revenues from sales of metals

--- Page 17 ---
14(73) 
 
at the appropriate price and in the correct period (which requires good practices to ensure that revenues are 
recognised at agreed prices adjusted for the effects from hedging and that revenues are recognised in the correct 
period); (iii) valuation of inventory (which is complex and requires judgment about stock levels, metal content, 
metal prices, exchange rates and internal profits; (iv) accounting and valuation of financial instruments (which is 
complex and may have significant impact on the Group’s earnings and financial position); and (v) valuation of 
intangible and tangible assets (where changes in assumptions about future metal prices, treatment and refining 
charges and exchange rates have a significant impact on the Group’s future cash flows and thus the estimated 
recoverable amount of intangible and tangible assets and any potential impairment needs). 
Furthermore, from time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the 
Group’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the 
Group’s records and reports its results of operations and financial position. Accordingly, new IFRS and other 
financial accounting and reporting standards may have a significant impact on the Group’s results and financial 
position. 
Reclamation risks 
Reclamation is the process of restoring land that has been mined to a natural or economically usable state. Mine 
reclamation creates useful landscapes that meet a variety of goals ranging from the restoration of productive 
ecosystems to the creation of industrial and municipal resources. Although the process of mine reclamation is 
finalised once mining is completed, the planning of mine reclamation activities occurs prior to a mine being 
permitted or started. Hence, the Group’s operations often result in a need to reclaim areas which have been 
disturbed, polluted or otherwise affected. Boliden has a reclamation responsibility for some 30 active and closed 
down mining areas. Ongoing reclamation projects include the Maurliden open-pit mine in the Boliden Area, 
where extensive water treatment is taking place while Boliden and the supervisory authorities evaluate possible 
methods for reclamation. Reclamation of the Maurliden mine will probably involve backfilling of the open pit. 
Boliden has commitments for reclamation of closed mines and for reclamation costs that are expected to arise for 
mines when the mine operations are decommissioned. As of 31 December 2022, Boliden’s provisions for 
reclamation costs totalled SEK 7,040 m. Provisions for reclamations are made on the basis of an assessment of 
future costs based on current conditions. Hence, the provisions are based on estimated parameters and dependent 
on several factors including cost estimates for different reclamation measures, life of mine, regulatory decisions, 
future inflation and discount rates. For example, in the second quarter 2019, a new environmental ruling was 
handed down regarding future reclamation work at the Kevitsa open-pit mine in northern Finland, which set high 
standards regarding the methods for the future capping of mining waste in order to prevent oxidation and 
minimise environmental impact after mine closure, thus entailing higher costs. As a result, the reclamation 
reserve and reclamation asset in Kevitsa were both increased by EUR 56 m, which will be distributed over the 
reminder of the mine’s lifespan and impact the result before tax each year. Furthermore, in July 2021, the Land 
and Environment Court (mark- och miljödomstolen) ordered an increase of the financial security for the future 
reclamation of the Aitik mine by approximately EUR 100 m. The financial security requirement may be 
increased, and more extensive reclamation measures may be prescribed by the Land and Environment Court in 
the future. Accordingly, changes in underlying estimates and assumptions, new or expanding operations and 
regulatory decisions or court rulings may have a significant impact on the Group’s reclamation provisions, 
thereby affecting its financial position and results. 
Legal risks 
Disputes and legal proceedings  
The Group is from time to time involved in disputes and legal proceedings that arise in the course of its business 
and operations. Boliden’s various operations are also widely subject to permitting requirements and to wide-
ranging environmental and other regulations. Claims against Boliden or its involvement in legal proceedings 
could result in considerable costs and use of resources, which may adversely impact the Group’s operations, 
financial position and results. 
For example, in April 1998, a dam accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in Spain, which 
was then owned by Boliden’s subsidiary Apirsa. The accident led to several years of criminal, insolvency, civil 
and administrative proceedings against Boliden entities and representatives, some of which are still pending (see 
“Environmental and climate risks” above). Another litigation emanating from Boliden’s export of certain 
materials from its Rönnskär smelter in the 1980’s to Arica, Chile, resulted in a several years’ long litigation in 
the courts of Sweden between 2013 and 2019. Even though both the court of first instance and the court of

--- Page 18 ---
15(73) 
 
appeals found in Boliden’s favour (and the Supreme Court denied further appeal), the dispute gave rise to 
negative publicity and required management attention and other resources, including litigation costs which will 
most likely not be recovered (see also “Reputational risks” below). Tax disputes is another risk area. Boliden 
Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment was for instance increased by Finnish tax authorities for the years 2012 to 2016, a 
period predating Boliden’s acquisition of the mine from its then owner, First Quantum Minerals (see “Tax risks” 
below). The degree to which disputes and legal proceedings may affect Boliden is dependent on their outcome 
and thus uncertain. If negatively determined, certain litigation can present a significant risk to the Group’s 
operations and results. 
Boliden is dependent on receiving permits for its operations 
The Group’s activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations, both general and industry-specific, 
including, most notably, environmental, property, labour and occupational health and safety standards and tax 
laws, in each of the geographical markets in which Boliden operates. There is a trend towards stricter regulation, 
in particular in the field of environmental law. Compliance with such laws and regulations or the enactment of 
new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations that impact the Group and its operations 
may result in reduced revenues and/or increased costs (see also “Environmental and climate risks” above).  
Boliden’s smelting operations in Sweden require permits under the Swedish Environmental Code (miljöbalken 
(1998:808)), whereas exploration and mining are also regulated by the Swedish Minerals Act (minerallagen 
(1991:45)) that applies in parallel with other legislation, including the Swedish Environmental Code. The Chief 
Mining Inspector (bergmästaren) is the head of the Swedish Mining Inspectorate (Bergsstaten), which is the 
regulatory authority dealing with matters relating to exploration, mining and extraction of minerals. Exploration 
for minerals requires an exploration permit issued by the Chief Mining Inspector. The Swedish Minerals Act 
regulates both who gets the exclusive right to investigate the bedrock geology and who gets preferential rights to 
mining. If a viable mineral deposit is found, a permitting process for various permits involving several decision-
making bodies follows before any mining may commence. Among other things, the operator must apply for an 
exploitation concession from the Swedish Mining Inspectorate.  
Regulatory approvals, such as environmental permits and exploitation concessions, are required in all countries 
where Boliden has mining or smelting operations. Accordingly, regular permit assessments are required and, if 
the Group seeks to increase or change its operations, it must in some cases apply for new or amended permits 
covering the affected operations. There is a risk that necessary permits will not be awarded to the Group or 
renewed at the relevant time or on reasonable terms. For example, Boliden applied in 2014 for an exploitation 
concession covering the Laver deposit in Norrbotten county, Sweden. The application was rejected by the 
Swedish Mining Inspectorate on formal grounds regarding the requirement to obtain a specific permit under the 
EU Habitats Directive (92/43/EEC) prior to obtaining an exploitation concession. The matter was decided by the 
Swedish Government on 22 December 2020, whereby the Swedish Mining Inspectorate’s decision was 
confirmed and Boliden’s application for a judicial review (rättsprövning) to the Swedish Supreme 
Administrative Court (Högsta förvaltningsdomstolen) in order to have the Swedish Government’s decision 
revoked was not granted. This entails that Boliden needs to submit a new application for an exploitation 
concession for Laver. As a result of the uncertainty surrounding the Swedish permit process, there is a risk that 
investments in the mining industry will diminish, thus adversely affecting Boliden’s mining operations. Failure 
to obtain or renew necessary permits could also result in the Group being unable to continue or carry out certain 
operations.  
Insurance-related risks 
There is a risk that Boliden’s insurance coverage will not account for every potential risk associated with the 
Group’s operations. For example, discussions are ongoing with insurance companies regarding possible 
compensation for the major water inflow in Tara in the fourth quarter 2021 (see “Risks related to unplanned 
stoppages and maintenance shutdowns” above), which resulted in significant financial and physical damage to 
the facilities. There is a risk that the costs associated therewith will not be fully covered by insurance. Some of 
the Group’s insurances also include high deductibles and limitations in maximum amounts payable. There is a 
risk that a financial loss associated with an insurance case does not reach the deductibles stipulated under the 
insurance terms, which would mean that no compensation is paid. Accordingly, if the Group is unable to 
maintain the insurance coverage on terms acceptable, or if future requirements exceed or fall outside the Group’s 
insurance coverage, or if the Group’s provisions for uninsured costs are insufficient to cover the final costs or an 
event occurs which is not fully or partially covered by insurance, it may adversely impact the Group’s financial 
position and results.

--- Page 19 ---
16(73) 
 
Reputational risk  
Boliden plays an important role in the communities and regions in which the Group’s mines and smelters are 
located. Good relationships and mutual understanding are important components of the ability to conduct and 
develop Boliden’s operations. Boliden’s operations are often scrutinised by, and in focus of, several stakeholders 
such as municipalities and other governmental bodies, local communities and inhabitants as well as 
environmental organisations. Expansion of mining operations sometimes requires surrounding villages or 
infrastructure to be relocated. Disputes and litigation concerning individuals or the environment impact the 
Group’s operations and whether or not Boliden is perceived as a good corporate citizen. A case that attracted 
public attention was Boliden’s sale of smelter material from its Rönnskär smelter in the 1980’s to Arica, Chile, 
for further processing by a local company. Notwithstanding that the case was tried by competent courts and 
decided in Boliden’s favour in all instances concerned, public perceptions were influenced by negative media 
coverage and may continue to be so. 
Accordingly, also from this perspective, it is important for the Group to limit the risks associated with adverse 
effects on the environment, health and safety, human rights and business ethics in its business operations. In 
addition, the Group also needs to ensure that its business partners – both customers and suppliers – conduct their 
business operations in compliance with applicable legal, regulatory, ethical, environmental and quality based and 
sustainability standards. Failure by the Group or its commercial counterparties to operate at a sufficiently high 
standard in these regards may adversely affect the Group’s reputation and prejudice the forging of future 
business relationships. The degree to which a harmed reputation may affect Boliden is uncertain and presents a 
significant risk to the Group’s ability to recruit employees and maintain a good relationship with the society and 
people affected by its operations. 
Compliance-related risks  
Boliden’s mining and smelting operations are generally located in northern Europe. However, in particular with 
respect to sourcing of raw materials, Boliden operates in a global market, which can expose the Group to risks 
related to sustainability factors including bribery and corruption. For Boliden, the risk of corruption is deemed to 
be greatest in relation to sourcing and supply of raw materials from countries which are generally deemed to 
perform poorly in various corruption indices. Furthermore, as some of Boliden’s operations are located in small 
communities, there is a risk that local suppliers are preferred over others who may offer more competitive terms. 
Violations of anti-corruption legislation that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, civil or administrative 
sanctions would have a material adverse effect on Boliden’s reputation, business, results of operations and 
financial position. Corruption-related incidents or accusations against suppliers and other third parties with 
whom Boliden entertains a commercial relationship risk leading to adverse publicity that would damage 
Boliden’s reputation, even if Boliden is not involved. 
Boliden does not conduct operations in or with countries subject to international sanctions. However, sanctions 
compliance encompasses not only the own operations, but it also requires evaluation and monitoring of 
counterparties in this respect. In addition, sanctions compliance regimes are complex and constantly changing. 
There is also a risk that the human rights due diligence that is carried out in relation to all business partners fails 
to ensure that human rights are protected, which could give rise to negative publicity and harm Boliden’s 
reputation. Breaches of, or non-compliance with, sanctions or other applicable laws and regulations would 
adversely affect Boliden’s business and reputation. Such behaviour includes, for example, non-compliance with 
laws and regulations related to fair competition, bribery and corruption, financing of terrorism, money 
laundering, IT security and data protection breaches (including GDPR), non-compliance with IFRS and other 
rules relating to accounting and financial reporting, breaches of environmental laws or regulation, the work 
environment, business ethics, equal treatment or human rights by Boliden or by Boliden’s business partners. 
There is also a risk that internal governance documents, policies or codes of conduct are not at all times adequate 
and fully effective, particularly if the Group is confronted with risks that it has not fully or adequately identified 
or anticipated. The degree to which compliance-related risks and risks related to internal control may affect 
Boliden is uncertain and presents a significant risk to the Group’s reputation and operations. 
Tax risks 
Boliden’s operations, including transactions between group companies, are conducted in accordance with 
applicable tax legislation, tax treaties and other tax law provisions, and in accordance with the Group’s 
understanding and interpretation of the demands of relevant tax authorities. However, tax laws and regulations 
can be complex and need to be interpreted and applied. There is a risk that the tax authorities in the relevant 
countries may make assessments and take decisions that differ from Boliden’s understanding and interpretation 
of the aforementioned laws, tax treaties and other provisions. Boliden’s tax status, in respect of both previous

--- Page 20 ---
17(73) 
 
years and the current year, may thus be changed as a consequence of the decisions that relevant tax authorities 
take, or as a consequence of amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions. For example, the Finnish tax 
authorities increased Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment for the years from 2012 to 2016, resulting in an 
increase in tax expenses of approximately EUR 34 m (including penalties and interest). The increased 
assessment is attributable to the period prior to Boliden’s acquisition of Kevitsa. The decision was appealed by 
Boliden, but in October 2022, the Supreme Administrative Court denied Boliden the leave to appeal and hence 
the decision is now final. No provision has been made in the accounts in reliance on applicable compensation 
provisions in the acquisition agreement.  
In 2022, the Group’s paid corporate income tax totalled SEK 2,815 m. Boliden’s total direct tax expenditure also 
includes for example social security contributions, energy- and environmental taxes, property tax and value-
added tax. There is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which also may apply retroactively, 
lead to increased tax expenses and higher effective tax rate for Boliden, which negatively affect its results of 
operations. For example, on 1 August 2019, the tax on diesel in mining industry operations was changed, leading 
to an increase in annual operating costs for Boliden of approximately SEK 120 m and it has been decided by the 
Finnish Government that a mining tax will be introduced in Finland during 2023. However, the details of this tax 
are still to be determined and the legislative process is still ongoing. Additional changes of tax on electricity and 
fuel are also currently under consideration by the European Commission.  
Risks relating to the Notes 
Risks associated with Green MTN 
What constitutes a Green MTN is determined by the criteria set out in the Issuer’s Green Terms in force on the 
Loan Date for a particular Loan. There is a risk that MTN in accordance with these criteria does not fit all 
investors’ requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate. It is the obligation or every investor to obtain 
current information regarding risks and principles for such MTN as these may change or develop over time. 
Both the Green MTN Framework, the Green Terms and market practice may develop after a certain Loan Date 
which may lead to changed terms for a subsequent Loan or changed requirements from the Issuer. Changes in 
the Green MTN Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Loan will not apply to the Noteholders of 
that Loan. 
In December 2019, the European Council and the European Parliament agreed on the Taxonomy Regulation 
(Regulation EU 2020/852) (the "Taxonomy Regulation"), a common classification system aimed at facilitating 
the classification of sustainable investment. The Taxonomy Regulation is expected to impose stricter rules when 
assessing green and sustainable financial products and activities. The Taxonomy Regulation entered into force 
on 22 June 2020 and contains rules to determine when an economic activity is to be considered environmentally 
sustainable. As a first step, the Taxonomy Regulation includes climate change. As a second step, it was 
expanded to include water and marine resources, conversion to a circular economy, environmental degradation, 
and biodiversity. Rules regarding the climate change mitigation and adaption objectives applies from 
1 January 2022 and rules regarding the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources, the 
transition to a circular economy, pollution prevention and control, and the protection and restoration of 
biodiversity and ecosystem applies from 1 January 2023. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus there is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy Regulation may affect the 
design of the Green Terms and the classification of Green MTN. There is a risk that the classification of Loans 
issued as Green MTN under the Green Terms will be affected by the Taxonomy Regulation and that Loans will 
no longer be qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset in accordance with the Taxonomy Regulation. 
Any failure of the Issuer to comply with the Green Terms in relation to a specific Loan or that a specific Loan 
e.g. due to the proposed Taxonomy Regulation, ceases to be classified as a Green MTN does not constitute an 
event of default or termination event under the Loan and there is a risk for investors in Green MTN that the Loan 
will cease to be classified as a Green MTN. Consequently, the Noteholders are neither entitled to early payment, 
repurchase or redemption of a Green MTN, or other type of compensation for non-compliance with the Green 
Terms. Consequently, there is a risk for investors in Green MTN that the Loan will cease to be classified as a 
Green MTN which may lead to internal non-compliance for investors that require the Loan to be classified as a 
Green MTN. 
Risks associated with Sustainability Linked MTN 
What constitutes a Sustainability Linked MTN is determined by the criteria set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Terms in force on the Loan Date for a particular Loan. There is a risk that MTN in accordance with these criteria

--- Page 21 ---
18(73) 
 
does not fit all investors’ requirements, wishes or specific investment mandate. For an investor who wishes to 
invest in green and sustainable projects, Sustainability Linked MTN may not be suitable as the issue proceeds 
may be used for general corporate purposes. Furthermore, there is a risk that investors will misjudge the Issuer’s 
ability to achieve its Sustainability Performance Target. It is the obligation of every investor to obtain current 
information regarding risks and principles for such MTN as these may change or develop over time. Both the 
Sustainability Linked MTN Framework, the Sustainability Terms and market practice may develop over time 
and may change after a certain Loan Date, which may lead to changed terms for subsequent Loans and/or 
changed requirements for the Issuer. 
There is uncertainty as to how the Taxonomy Regulation may affect the Sustainability Terms and the 
classification of Sustainability Linked MTN. The Taxonomy Regulation may, inter alia, affect the validity of the 
chosen targets, i.e., how correct investors perceive the targets. Therefore, there is a risk that the classification of 
a Loan issued as a Sustainability Linked MTN under the Sustainability Terms will be affected by the Taxonomy 
Regulation and that such Loans will no longer be qualified to be classified as a sustainable asset in accordance 
with the Taxonomy Regulation. 
Changes in the Sustainability Linked MTN Framework made after the Loan Date for a particular Loan will not 
apply to the Noteholders of that Loan. Failure by the Issuer to comply with the Sustainability Terms in relation 
to a specific Loan, or if a specific Loan due to the Taxonomy Regulation ceases to be classified as a 
Sustainability Linked MTN, does not constitute an event of default or termination event under the Loan. Neither 
are Noteholders entitled to early payment, repurchase or redemption of the Loan, or other type of compensation 
(other than an Interest Rate Increase, as applicable pursuant to the Final Terms) for non-compliance with the 
Sustainability Terms. Consequently, there is a risk for investors in Sustainability Linked MTN that the Loan will 
cease to be classified as a Sustainability Linked MTN which may lead to internal non-compliance for investors 
that require the Loan to be classified as a Sustainability Linked MTN. 
Furthermore, there is a risk that the Interest Rate Increase, that may be applied for a Sustainability Linked MTN, 
does not occur since such an interest rate increase presupposes that the current Sustainability Performance Target 
is not met and that an External Auditor does not confirm that the current Sustainability Performance Targets 
have been achieved in accordance with the Terms and Conditions. Should the Issuer meet the Sustainability 
Performance Target for a certain Loan, the interest rate may decrease, which may negatively affect the value of 
MTN. 
Dependence on, and subordination in relation to, subsidiaries 
The Issuer holds no significant assets other than the shares in its direct subsidiaries and receivables against other 
Group companies and as such the Issuer is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries (including, but not limited 
to, the Guarantor) to make payments to it so as to enable it to make payments under the Notes.  
The Issuer’s subsidiaries are legally separate and distinct from the Issuer and have no obligation to make 
payments to the Issuer of any surpluses generated from their respective businesses. The ability of such 
Subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer is restricted by, among other things, the availability of funds, 
corporate restrictions and local law.  
If any subsidiary of the Guarantor or the Issuer (other than the Guarantor) is subject to any foreclosure, 
dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding, the creditors of such subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor will generally be prioritised due to 
their position in the capital structure and will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other 
disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the Issuer or the Guarantor, as a direct or indirect shareholder, 
will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a subsidiary. 
Risks relating to the Guarantee 
Although the Notes are unsecured, the Noteholders benefit from an upstream guarantee issued by the Guarantor 
for the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes (the “Guarantee”). If the Guarantor does not derive 
sufficient corporate benefit from the Guarantee, the Guarantee is only valid up to the amount the Grantor legally 
could have distributed as dividend to its shareholders in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) at the time the Guarantee is given. Also, there are no provisions in the Guarantee 
that prevent the Guarantor from taking up loans or to provide security for other loans (including other Market 
Loans). The Noteholders’ right to payment from the Guarantor under the Guarantee is subject to, amongst other 
things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions, the terms of the Guarantor’s indebtedness and local law. 
In the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to the Guarantor, all other unsecured creditors 
of the Guarantor would be entitled to receive any proceeds from the realisation of the Guarantor’s assets pari

--- Page 22 ---
19(73) 
 
passu with the Noteholders’ claim under the Guarantee but only once prioritised creditors (including secured 
creditors (if any)) of the Guarantor have been paid in full. 
Since neither the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes nor the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee 
are secured, there is a risk that the proceeds of any enforcement sale of assets in connection with any insolvency 
procedure or winding-up of the Issuer or the Guarantor would not be sufficient to satisfy all amounts then due on 
or in respect of the Notes. Accordingly, there is a risk that an investor loses its investment or parts thereof in the 
event of the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy. 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions  
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. The value of 
such Notes is highly influenced by the market interest rate level. As the market interest rate level changes, the 
value of the Notes with a fixed interest rate typically changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market interest 
rate level increases, the market value of such Notes falls and if the general interest rate level falls, the market 
value of such Notes increases. Since the price of Notes is adversely affected by changes in the market interest 
rate level, there is a risk that Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. 
Notes with Zero Coupon bears no interest and may be issued at a discount, par or premium. The price is 
normally determined by the market interest rate level. When there is a positive market interest rate, the Notes 
with Zero Coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market value of such notes may be adversely affected 
by changes in the market interest rate level. If the market interest rate level increases in relation to the level at the 
issue date, the market value of Zero Coupon Notes will typically decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in 
the market interest rate will result in Noteholders losing all or a significant part of their investment in such 
Notes. Notes issued at a discount or premium tend to fluctuate more as a result of a change in the market interest 
rate than Notes issued at par.  
Use of Benchmarks 
The process of the calculation of EURIBOR, NIBOR, STIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks have been 
subject to a number of legislative measures, whereof some have been implemented and others are pending 
implementation. The most important initiative on the subject matter is the Benchmarks Regulation which 
regulates the provision of a benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of determining a benchmark 
and the operation of benchmarks within the EU. These reforms may cause STIBOR, NIBOR or EURIBOR to 
perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on floating interest rate Notes and poses a 
risk to the value of and return on the investments of the Noteholders. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any floating interest Notes, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of STIBOR, NIBOR or EURIBOR (as applicable) are changed in order to comply 
with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the 
benchmark. Any such change of the methodology presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s 
investment.

--- Page 23 ---
20(73) 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)’S MTN PROGRAMME

--- Page 24 ---
21(73) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
1. 
DEFINITIONS ..................................................................................................................................... 22 
2. 
ISSUANCE of LOANS ....................................................................................................................... 28 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN ................................................................................................................ 28 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER.................................................................... 28 
5. 
PAYMENTS ........................................................................................................................................ 29 
6. 
INTEREST........................................................................................................................................... 30 
7. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE .................................................................................................. 32 
8. 
DEFAULT INTEREST ....................................................................................................................... 36 
9. 
REPURCHASE ................................................................................................................................... 36 
10. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS ........................................................................................................... 37 
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS .............................................................................................................. 38 
12. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING ............................................................................................................ 41 
13. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS, ETC. .................................................................................................... 45 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................................ 45 
15. 
NOTICES............................................................................................................................................. 46 
16. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. ................................................................................................... 46 
17. 
GUARANTEE ..................................................................................................................................... 46 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION ...................................................................................... 47 
 
 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 – Form of Final Terms 
Appendix 2 – Guarantee

--- Page 25 ---
22(73) 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
FOR NOTES ISSUED UNDER BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)’S MTN PROGRAMME 
 
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans which 
Boliden AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556051-4142) (the “Company”) issues on the capital market 
under this MTN Programme (“MTN Programme”) by issuing bonds in SEK, EUR or NOK 
with varying terms, however not less than one year, commonly referred to as medium term 
notes (“MTN”). 
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, as used in these terms and conditions, the 
following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an 
account operator pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act in relation to Loans issued in EUR and SEK and the Norwegian 
Central Securities Depository Act in relation to Loans issued in NOK and through which 
a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in respect of its MTN. 
“Additional Repayment Amount” means the amount, where applicable and in relation 
to a Sustainability Linked MTN which is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in 
respect of a particular Loan less the amount of all MTN held by a Group Company, 
whether or not the Group Company is directly registered as owner of such MTN. 
“Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Rate, the base rate STIBOR, 
NIBOR or EURIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing 
STIBOR, NIBOR or EURIBOR in accordance with section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate). 
“Business Day” means (i) for Loans issued in SEK or EUR, a day other than a Sunday 
or other public holiday in Sweden or which is not treated as public holiday for the purpose 
of payment or, with respect to the payment of promissory notes, a day which is not the 
equivalent of a public holiday in Sweden. Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve 
and New Year’s Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public 
holidays; and (ii) for Loans issued in NOK, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or a 
public holiday in Norway on which the Norwegian Central Bank’s and the VPS’s 
settlement systems are open and commercial banks in Norway are open for business. 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing Dealers, 
the Issuing Dealer designated by the Company to be responsible for certain 
administrative tasks regarding the Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a 
Loan has been issued by only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer. 
“Calculation Method” means the calculation method or methods which, in relation to a 
Sustainability Linked MTN, are stated in the Final Terms. 
“Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means 
the Swedish Central Securities Depositories and Financial Instruments Accounts Act

--- Page 26 ---
23(73) 
 
(Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument). 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain period, the 
basis of calculation stated in the Final Terms and which: 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve 
months each consisting of 30 days each and, in the event of a partial month, the 
actual number of days which have elapsed in the month; and  
(b) 
if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant 
period divided by 360. 
“Dealers” means Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)2, Danske Bank A/S,  
Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), and Swedbank AB (publ) and every other dealer specially 
authorized by Euroclear Sweden to process and register issues in the Euroclear Sweden 
system that accedes to this MTN Programme in accordance with section 12.3, however 
only as long as such institution has not retired as a dealer. 
“EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with 
the European Union’s framework for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU). 
“EURIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate as displayed as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day on 
page EURIBOR01 of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on 
such other page as replaces the said system or page) for EUR for a period 
comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described 
in paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four 
decimal places) as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the 
Reference Banks for deposits of EUR 10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(c) 
if no interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, 
best reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 556112-8074). 
“External Auditor” means, in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, the acknowledged 
and independent external auditor, stated in the Final Terms, appointed by the Company 
with the task of determining whether the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
achieved, that has the expertise to carry out such a task. 
 
2 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 27 ---
24(73) 
 
“Final Terms” means the final terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN 
Programme in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms). 
“Framework Amount” is the framework amount which the Company and the Dealers 
agree on from time to time. 
“Group” means the corporate group of which the Company is the parent company 
(where the terms corporate group and parent company have the meanings as defined in 
Chapter 1, section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslag (2005:551)) 
(or such other legislation which replaces the aforementioned legislation). 
“Group Company” means any and all legal entities which from time to time that are part 
of the Group. 
“Guarantee” means the Guarantor’s undertaking, according to Appendix 2 to these 
Terms and Conditions, as for its own debt (Sw. proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s 
obligations under the Loans taken up by the Company under the MTN Programme. 
“Guarantor” means Boliden Mineral AB (publ), company registration number 556231-
6850. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from 
which interest (where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Interest Rate Decrease” means the interest rate decrease which, where applicable and 
in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate Increase” means the interest rate increase which, where applicable and 
in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final Terms. 
“IPA” means, in respect of Loans issued in NOK, the Issuing and Paying Agent specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers 
through which MTN will be or have been issued. 
“Key Performance Indicators” means the sustainability indicator or indicators that are 
applicable in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN and stated in the Final Terms.  
“Licensing Obligation” means a mandatory obligation to apply for a license, permit, 
authorisation, or similar with a governmental authority or similar entity in order to conduct 
the business that is the objects of the obliged entity, such as an authorisation from the 
Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) to offer financial 
services to the general public, an authorisation from the Swedish Data Protection 
Authority (Sw. Datainspektionen) to conduct debt collection (Sw. inkassoverksamhet) or 
a license from the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority (Sw. Strålsäkerhetsmyndigheten) 
to conduct nuclear activities (Sw: kärnteknisk verksamhet). For the avoidance of doubt, 
operations which an entity may engage in when the operation (but not the object of the 
business itself) requires a license, permit, authorisation or similar from a governmental 
authority or similar entity, such as an environmental permit, does not constitute a License 
Obligation.

--- Page 28 ---
25(73) 
 
“Loan” means every Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, issued by the Company 
under this MTN Programme. 
“Loan Terms” means, for a particular Loan, these Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms for such Loan. 
“Market Loan” means loans taken up through the issuance of commercial paper, bonds 
or other securities (including loans under MTN or other market loan programmes) which 
are sold, brokered, or invested in an organized form and which are, or may be, admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market.  
“Material Group Company” means (a) the Company and (b) every Group Company 
whose total assets or revenue (excluding intra-Group items) are equal to or exceed ten 
per cent (10%) of the total assets or revenues of the Group as set out in the most recently 
published annual report. 
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when MTN shall be 
repaid. 
“MTN” means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount which, if denominated 
in SEK or EUR, has been registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och 
kontoföring av finansiella instrument) and, if denominated in NOK, has been registered 
in accordance with the Norwegian Securities Register Act, and which, in each case, is 
part of a Loan issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“NIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate as displayed as of around 11 a.m. on the relevant day on page NIBR 
of the Refinitiv screen (or through such other system or on such other page as 
replaces the said system or page) for NOK for a period comparable to the relevant 
Interest Period; or 
(b) if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks, for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) if no interest rate as described in paragraphs (a) and (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in NOK offered for the relevant Interest Period. 
“NOK” means the lawful currency of Norway. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount of each MTN as stated in the Final Terms. 
“Norwegian Securities Register Act” means the Norwegian Act Securities Register Act 
of 2019 no. 6 (Nw. verdipapirsentralloven). 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct 
registered owner or nominee with respect to an MTN.

--- Page 29 ---
26(73) 
 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance 
with Section 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means: 
(a) in relation to Loans issued in SEK or EUR the fifth (5) Business Day (or another 
Business Day prior to the relevant day which is market practice on the Swedish bond 
market), prior to (i) the payment date for interest or principal in accordance with the 
Loan Terms; or (ii) another day on which payment is to be made to Noteholders; (iii) 
the date of the Noteholders’ Meeting; (iv) dispatch of notice; or (v) another relevant 
date; and 
(b) in relation to Loans issued in NOK the third (3) Business Day (or another Business 
Day prior to the relevant day which is market practice on the Norwegian bond market), 
prior to (i) the payment date for interest or principal in accordance with the Loan 
Terms; or (ii) another day on which payment is to be made to Noteholders; (iii) the 
date of the Noteholders’ Meeting; (iv) dispatch of notice; or (v) another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ). 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments. 
“Reporting Date” means the date or dates which, in relation to a Sustainability Linked 
MTN, is specified in the Final Terms. 
“Securities Account” means the account for dematerialised securities maintained by 
Euroclear Sweden pursuant to the Central Securities Depositories and Financial 
Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Loans issued in SEK or EUR and maintained by 
VPS pursuant to the Norwegian Securities Register Act in respect of Loans issued in 
NOK, in which (i) an owner of any securities is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding 
of securities is registered in the name of a nominee.  
“SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“Spanish Litigation” means the legal processes initiated in Spain against members of 
the Group involving a capital amount of approximately EUR 147,000,000 (or a 
corresponding value in other currencies). 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or 
through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or 
page) for SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or

--- Page 30 ---
27(73) 
 
(c) if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent, best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank market 
for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Sustainability Linked MTN” means an MTN that, according to the relevant Final Terms, 
is a Sustainability Linked MTN. 
“Sustainability Performance Target” means the sustainability goal or goals which, 
where applicable and in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is stated in the Final 
Terms and whose fulfilment is calculated based on the relevant Key Performance 
Indicator and with the application of the relevant Calculation Method. 
“Target Date” means the date or dates, in relation to a Sustainability Linked MTN, is 
stated in the Final Terms, by which the Company must have met the Sustainability 
Performance Target. 
“VPS” means Verdipapirsentralen ASA, Norwegian Reg. No. 985 140 421. 
 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Structure, Base Rate, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date(s) and Interest Period are set forth (where applicable) in 
the Final Terms. 
 
1.3 
The definitions set forth in these Terms and Conditions also apply to the Final Terms. 
 
1.4 
Upon calculation of whether a limit described in SEK has been reached or exceeded, 
an amount in another currency shall be calculated based on the exchange rate 
applicable on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant point in time and 
which is published on Refinitivs’ screen ”SEKFIX=” (or through another system or 
another screen which replaces such system or screen) or, where such rate is not 
published, according to the rate for SEK for the relevant currency on the

--- Page 31 ---
28(73) 
 
aforementioned day which is published by the Swedish Central Bank on its website 
(www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN, denominated in SEK, in 
EUR or in NOK, with a maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued 
in multiple tranches without the approval of any Noteholder. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Noteholder approves that its MTN shall have the 
rights and be subject to the conditions set forth in, and be governed by, the provisions 
of the Loan Terms. By acquiring MTN, each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN and to 
otherwise comply with the Loan Terms for the Loans issued under this MTN 
Programme. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company shall 
enter into a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall 
be the Issuing Dealer for such Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together with 
these Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms for the Loan.  
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders and, 
accordingly, no physical securities will be issued. Registration requests relating to MTN 
shall be directed to an Account Operator. 
3.2 
Any person who on the basis of an assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Children 
and Parents Code (Sw: föräldrabalken), the terms of a will or deed of gift or otherwise 
is entitled to receive payment in respect of an MTN must cause their rights to be 
registered with Euroclear Sweden or VPS in order to receive such payment. 
3.3 
The Calculation Agent and the IPA shall be entitled to obtain information from Euroclear 
Sweden or VPS regarding the contents of its debt register for MTN for the purpose of 
carrying out its duties in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Calculation 
Agent and the IPA shall not be responsible for the content of such excerpt nor are they 
in any other way obligated to verify who is a Noteholder. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER  
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under 
the Loan Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney or

--- Page 32 ---
29(73) 
 
other proof of authorization from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of 
powers of attorney or proof of authorisation starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent 
it in relation to some, or all, of the MTN held by the Noteholder. Any such representative 
may act independently. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount including interest (if applicable) 
on the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date is a day which is not a Business 
Day, the Loan is not repaid until the following Business Day. Interest according to 
section 6 (Interest) shall be paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
Payment in respect of MTN denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK, in respect of 
MTN denominated in EUR, shall be made in EUR and in respect of MTN denominated 
in NOK shall be made in NOK made to the person who is registered as a Noteholder 
on the Record Date for the respective payment date or to such person who is registered 
with Euroclear Sweden or VPS in accordance with section 3.2 above as being entitled 
to receive such payment. 
5.3 
The Company may appoint an IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment of 
principal amount for Loans issued in NOK. The Company undertakes to, for as long as 
any Loans registered with VPS are outstanding, procure that payments of interest and 
repayment of principal amounts for such Loans may be made by the IPA in accordance 
with the Conditions, the rules and regulations of VPS and the relevant agreements 
between the Company and the IPA. 
5.4 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest 
shall be deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by 
Euroclear Sweden or VPS on the relevant payment date. In all other cases, Euroclear 
Sweden or VPS or IPA shall transfer the amount on the respective payment date to the 
Noteholder to the address registered with Euroclear Sweden or VPS on the Record 
Date. 
5.5 
Should Euroclear Sweden, VPS or IPA not be able to effect payments as aforesaid due 
to an impediment attributable to the Company or due to any other impediment, the 
Company shall ensure that such payments are made to the persons who are registered 
as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such impediment 
no longer exists. In such case, interest shall be payable according to section 8.1. 
5.6 
In the event the Company is unable to perform a payment obligation through Euroclear 
Sweden, VPS or IPA due to an impediment attributable to Euroclear Sweden, VPS or 
IPA, the Company shall be entitled to postpone the payment obligation until such time

--- Page 33 ---
30(73) 
 
as the impediment no longer exists. In such case, interest shall be payable according 
to section 8.2. 
5.7 
If payment is made in accordance with this section 5 to a person not entitled to receive 
such amount, the Company, Euroclear Sweden, VPS and the IPA shall nonetheless be 
deemed to have fulfilled their payment obligations. However, the aforementioned shall 
not apply if the Company, Euroclear Sweden, VPS or IPA were aware that payment 
was made to a person not entitled to receive the payment or if the Company, Euroclear 
Sweden, VPS or IPA did not act with normal care. 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
For Loans on which interest accrues, interest shall be calculated on the Nominal 
Amount. 
6.2 
Interest on a certain Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance 
with the Final Terms. The relevant Interest Structure shall be stated in the Final Terms 
according to one of the following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with a Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate: 
(i) In respect of Loans issued in SEK or EUR, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest rate: 
(i) in respect of Loans issued in SEK or EUR, from (but excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (and including) the Maturity Date. The Interest rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and 
the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of section 7 
(Replacement of Base Rate); and 
(ii) in respect of Loans issued in NOK, from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date up to (but excluding) the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate 
for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the respective Interest Determination Date and shall be notified to the IPA and is 
the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the 
application of section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate).

--- Page 34 ---
31(73) 
 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due 
to such impediment as referred to in section 15.1, interest shall continue to accrue 
on the Loan at the interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As 
soon as the impediment no longer exists, the Calculation Agent (for Loans issued 
in EUR or SEK) and the IPA (for Loans issued in NOK) shall calculate a new 
Interest Rate which shall be effective from the second Business Day following the 
day of the calculation until the expiration of the current Interest Period. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360, or by using 
such other method of calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero 
Coupon may be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
In addition to what otherwise applies in accordance with this section 6, the following 
shall apply to a Sustainability Linked MTN: 
(a) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Interest Rate Increase is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate (for Loans with Fixed Rate) or 
the Interest Base Margin (for Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) specified in the 
Final Terms shall be increased by the applicable Interest Rate Increase specified 
in the Final Terms, from (and including) the Interest Period that begins 
immediately after the Reporting Date until (but excluding) the Interest Period that 
begins immediately after the next Reporting Date or until the Maturity Date, as 
applicable, unless (i) the Sustainability Performance Target has been met as of 
the relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Auditor has determined on or before 
the relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
met as of the relevant Target Date, and (iii) the determination made by the 
External Auditor has been published in the Company's sustainability report, 
annual report, other financial report or in any other way published by the 
Company no later than on the Reporting Date. 
(b) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Interest Rate Decrease is specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, the Interest Rate (for Loans with Fixed Rate) or 
the Interest Base Margin (for Loans with Floating Rate (FRN)) specified in the 
Final Terms shall be decreased by the applicable Interest Rate Decrease 
specified in the Final Terms, from (and including) the Interest Period that begins 
immediately after the Reporting Date until (but excluding) the Interest Period that 
begins immediately after the next Reporting Date or until the Maturity Date, as 
applicable, if (i) the Sustainability Performance Target has been met as of the 
relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Auditor has determined on or before the 
relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability Performance Target has been 
met as of the relevant Target Date, and (iii) the determination made by the 
External Auditor has been published in the Company's sustainability report, 
annual report, other financial report or in any other way published by the 
Company no later than on the Reporting Date.

--- Page 35 ---
32(73) 
 
(c) 
For a Sustainability Linked MTN where Additional Repayment Amount is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the amount for which the Loan is to 
be repaid at the Maturity Date shall be increased with the Additional Repayment 
Amount stated in the Final Terms, unless (i) the Sustainability Performance 
Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date, (ii) the External Auditor has 
determined on or before the relevant Reporting Date that the Sustainability 
Performance Target has been met as of the relevant Target Date and (iii) the 
determination made by the External Auditor has been published in the 
Company's sustainability, annual report, other financial report or in any other 
way published by the Company no later than on the Reporting Date. 
6.4 
It is the Company's responsibility to, as soon as practicable on or after each Reporting 
Date, notify the Calculation Agent and the relevant Noteholders of the relevant Loan in 
accordance with section 15 (Notices) if the conditions for an Interest Rate Increase, 
Interest Rate Decrease or Additional Repayment Amount, as applicable, in section 6.3 
has been fulfilled. 
6.5 
Accrued interest (where applicable) is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment 
Date. 
6.6 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Rate is not a Business Day, 
interest will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only 
up to and including the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in EUR and SEK and 
up to, but excluding, the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in NOK. 
6.7 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan with a Floating Rate is not a Business Day, the 
next Business Day shall be the Interest Payment Date provided that such Business 
Day does not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the previous Business Day. Interest is calculated and payable up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in EUR and SEK and up to, but 
excluding the Interest Payment Date for Loans issued in NOK. 
7. 
REPLACEMENT OF BASE RATE 
7.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 7.2 below has occurred, the Company 
shall, in consultation with the Calculation Agent, initiate the procedure to, as soon as 
reasonably possible, determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well 
as initiate the procedure to determine upon necessary administrative, technical and 
operative amendments to the Loan Terms in order to apply, calculate and finally decide 
the applicable Base Rate. The Calculation Agent is not obligated to participate in such 
consultation or determination as described above. Should the Calculation Agent not 
participate in such consultation or determination, the Company shall, at the Company’s 
expense, as soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to initiate the procedure 
to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine upon the mentioned. Provided that the 
Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments have been finally 
decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in relation to the 
next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect from and

--- Page 36 ---
33(73) 
 
including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always subject to 
any technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden or IPA and VPS (as applicable) and any 
calculations methods applicable to such Successor Base Rate. 
7.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base 
Rate Event”) which means: 
(a) the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to 
exist or ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a 
result of the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing 
to be calculated or administered; 
(b) a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate 
Administrator ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest 
Period of the relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the 
statement or publication, no successor administrator has been appointed or is 
expected to be appointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of 
the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of 
the relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying market which the 
Base Rate is intended to represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate 
will not be restored in the opinion of the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of 
the Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the 
Company or the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of 
the relevant Loan) or it has otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base 
Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan); 
(e) a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy 
trustee of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery 
and resolution framework (Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of 
EURIBOR and NIBOR, from the equivalent entity with insolvency or resolution 
powers over the Base Rate Administrator, containing the information referred to in 
(b) above; or 
(f) a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate 
Event as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
7.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement, the Company may (but are not obligated to), 
if it is possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread 
and other amendments, in consultation with the Calculation Agent or through the 
appointment of an Independent Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in Clause

--- Page 37 ---
34(73) 
 
7.1 above to finally decide the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, in order to change to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier time. 
7.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event 
definition has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been 
finally decided at the latest prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such 
Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but due to 
technical limitations of Euroclear Sweden or IPA and VPS (as applicable), cannot be 
applied in relation to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the interest applicable 
to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(a) if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; 
or 
(b) if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance 
with applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, 
provided that all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of 
and the adjustments described in this section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to 
every such subsequent Interest Determination Date, but without success. 
7.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments 
becoming effective, the Company shall promptly, following the final decision by the 
Company in consultation with the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser of any 
Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments, give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders and Euroclear Sweden or IPA and VPS (as applicable) in 
accordance with section 15 (Notices). The notice shall also include information about 
the effective date of the amendments. If the MTN are admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, the Company shall also give notice of the amendments to the 
relevant stock exchange. 
7.6 
The Independent Adviser and the Calculation Agent that carries out measures in 
accordance with this section 7 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage or loss 
caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the 
determination and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and 
any amendments thereto to the Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross

--- Page 38 ---
35(73) 
 
negligence or wilful misconduct. The Independent Adviser and the Calculation Agent 
shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
7.7 
In this section 7 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a 
spread to be applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the 
replacement of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Company in consultation with 
the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use 
in order to eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from 
one party to another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily 
applied in comparable debt capital market transactions. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) 
in relation to STIBOR, European Money Markets Institute (EMMI) in relation to 
EURIBOR, Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) (and calculated in cooperation 
with Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. acting as calculation agent) in relation to NIBOR, or 
any person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published 
information as set out in paragraph 7.2 (b) to 7.2 (e) that any event or circumstance 
specified therein will occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute 
in the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant 
supervisory authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or 
committee of any of them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Sw. Finansiella 
stabilitetsrådet) or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means: 
(i) a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term 
structure and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest 
rate terms as MTN, which is formally recommended as a successor to or 
replacement of the Base Rate by a Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the 
Company in consultation with the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser 
determines is most comparable to the Base Rate.

--- Page 39 ---
36(73) 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, 
this definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
8. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
8.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the overdue 
amount from its due date up to and including the date on which payment is made at a 
rate corresponding to the average of one week STIBOR (for MTN denominated in 
SEK), one week EURIBOR (for MTN denominated in EUR) and, NIBOR (for MTN 
denominated in NOK) for the duration of the delay, plus two percentage points in each 
case. For this purpose, STIBOR, EURIBOR and NIBOR shall be determined on the 
first Business Day in each calendar week for the duration of the period of default. 
Default interest in accordance with this section 8.1 for interest-bearing Loans shall 
never be paid at an interest rate lower than the interest rate applicable to the relevant 
Loan on its relevant due date plus two percentage points. Default interest shall not be 
capitalised. 
8.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer, Euroclear Sweden, 
VPS or IPA, default interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to (i) for interest-
bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due date; 
or (ii) for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR, EURIBOR or NIBOR 
respectively for the duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR, EURIBOR and NIBOR 
shall be determined on the first Business Day of each calendar week for the duration 
of the period of default). 
9. 
REPURCHASE 
9.1 
Following agreement with the Noteholder, the Company may repurchase MTN from 
time to time provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned 
by the Company may, in the discretion of the Company, be retained, transferred, or 
redeemed. 
9.2 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by 
the Noteholder, if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market at Nasdaq Stockholm; or 
(b) 
an event, or series of events, occurs which leads to a natural or legal person, 
itself or together with a closely associated person as set forth in the Stock Market 
(Takeover Bids) Act (Sw. lag (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på 
aktiemarknaden), directly or indirectly, at any time acquiring or otherwise 
controlling more than 50% of the shares or votes in the Company. 
9.3 
As soon as the Company obtains knowledge of such an event according to section 9.2, 
the Company shall be obligated to notify the Noteholders of such event through a press

--- Page 40 ---
37(73) 
 
release published on the Company’s website and in accordance with section 15 
(Notices). The notice shall contain instructions regarding how a Noteholder wishing to 
have an MTN repurchased must proceed as well as specifying the repurchase date. 
9.4 
The repurchase date shall occur no earlier than 20 and no later than 40 Business Days 
after notice of change has been sent to the Noteholder in accordance with section 9.3. 
However, in the event the repurchase date is not a Business Day, the repurchase date 
shall be deemed to be the Business Day immediately following. 
9.5 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a Noteholder, 
repurchase the relevant MTN on the repurchase date at its Nominal Amount together 
with accrued interest (if any) which would have been repaid on the final Maturity Date, 
together with accrued interest and Additional Repayment Amount (where applicable). 
For MTN with Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with section 
11.5 shall be paid instead. 
9.6 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN shall be drafted 
in accordance with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the Noteholders 
in accordance with section 9.3. The Notice from the Noteholder must be received by 
the Company at least 10 Business Days before the repurchase date. 
10. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
10.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loan rank at least 
pari passu with its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory and 
of general application. 
10.2 
The Company’s operations and assets 
The Company undertakes, for as long as any MTN is outstanding, not to materially 
change the nature of the Group’s operations or to sell or otherwise dispose of any asset 
where such sale or disposition has a material adverse effect on the Company’s ability 
to perform its obligations towards the Noteholders. 
10.3 
Framework amount 
The Company may not issue additional MTN under this MTN Programme where such 
would entail that the aggregate Nominal Amount of the MTN outstanding under this 
MTN Programme, including those MTN intended to be issued, exceeds the Framework

--- Page 41 ---
38(73) 
 
Amount on the day on which the agreement regarding the issuance of MTN was 
entered into between the Company and the Issuing Dealer. 
10.4 
Securing of other Market Loans 
The Company undertakes, as long as any MTN is outstanding: 
a) 
not to provide security or cause any Group Company to provide security for any 
Market Loan, except for any guarantee which, in turn, may not be secured 
provided by any Group Company for the Company’s obligations under such 
Market Loan; and 
 
b) 
to ensure that Group Companies, when taking up Market Loans, comply with 
the provisions applicable to the Company according to subsection a) above, 
subject to the exception however that Group Companies may provide 
guarantees which, in turn, may not be secured, for other Group Companies’ 
Market Loans. 
10.5 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market for 
Loans which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market, and to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as 
long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, however, not longer than as permitted under 
applicable laws and regulations. 
10.6 
Governing law 
The Company undertakes to comply in all material respects with any rules and 
instructions issued from time to time by Swedish or relevant foreign governmental 
authorities, central banks, or other public authorities or Regulated Markets to which the 
MTN have been admitted to trading. 
10.7 
Availability of Loan Terms 
The Company undertakes to make the current version of these Terms and Conditions, 
the Guarantee, and the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market available on the Company’s website and to ensure that the 
Guarantee is valid for all outstanding Loans.  
11. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
11.1 
The Calculation Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued 
interest (if any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the

--- Page 42 ---
39(73) 
 
Calculation Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the 
occurrence of any circumstance stated in section 11.2 and if: 
(i) 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(ii) 
so demanded in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of demand, represent 
not less than 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount for the relevant Loan. 
Upon demand, a Noteholder shall provide evidence that the Noteholder is a 
Noteholder on the relevant Business Day. Demand for acceleration may only be 
made by a Noteholder who alone represents 1/10 of the total outstanding 
Nominal Amount or jointly by Noteholders who, together, represent 1/10 of the 
total outstanding Nominal Amount on the relevant Business Day.  
11.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with section 11.1 provided 
that: 
a) 
the Company fails to make timely payment of principal or interest regarding the 
relevant Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay (i) is a result of a 
technical or administrative error; and (ii) does not continue for more than three 
Business Days; 
 
b) 
the Company other than as stated in subsection (a) above fails to perform its 
obligations under the Loan Terms regarding relevant Loans under this MTN 
Programme and, where rectification is possible and the Company receives a 
written demand therefore by the Calculation Agent, Issuing Dealer, or a 
Noteholder to effect rectification, such rectification has not occurred within 20 
Business Days after the Company receives a demand for rectification by the 
Calculation Agent, Issuing Dealer, or Noteholders representing not less than 
1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount of the relevant Loan as set forth 
in section 11.1(ii). However that this Clause 11.2b) shall not apply (i) to any 
obligations of the Company set out in the section Green MTN in the Final Terms, 
or if the section Green MTN is applicable, section Use of Proceeds in the Final 
Terms, or (ii) in case of failure to report in accordance with section 6.3(a)(ii)-(iii), 
6.3(b)(ii)-(iii) or 6.3(c)(ii)-(iii). For the avoidance of doubt no Loan may be 
terminated solely because the Company has not met a Sustainability 
Performance Target or an External Auditor has failed to determine that the 
Sustainability Performance Target has been achieved; 
 
c) 
(i) a Material Group Company or the Guarantor fails within due time or within 
the applicable grace period to make payment regarding another loan and the 
loan in question, as a consequence thereof, has been accelerated, or could 
have been accelerated or, where no notice of acceleration provision exists or 
the non-payment would have constituted final payment, where the late payment 
continues for 10 Business Days, provided that the total outstanding liability 
under the relevant loans amounts to not less than EUR 25,000,000 (or an 
equivalent value in another currency), or (ii) another loan to a Material Group 
Company or the Guarantor has been declared due and payable in advance as

--- Page 43 ---
40(73) 
 
a consequence of an event of default (regardless of the nature), provided that 
the total of due and payable liabilities under such terminated loans is at least 
EUR 25,000,000 or a corresponding value in another currency; 
 
d) 
a Material Group Company or the Guarantor fails, within 15 Business Days after 
the day on which such company receives a legitimate claim, to make 
performance under any guarantee or surety which the relevant company has 
provided for the financial obligations of a third party, provided that the total 
legitimate claims not satisfied within such time amount to not less than EUR 
25,000,000 (or a corresponding value in another currency); 
 
e) 
assets owned by a Material Group Company with a value in excess of EUR 
1,000,000 (or the equivalent value in another currency) are attached or become 
the subject of similar foreign proceedings and such attachment or other foreign 
proceedings are not terminated within 30 Business Days from the date of the 
attachment decision or the decision regarding similar foreign proceedings other 
than any sequestration of assets for a maximum capital amount of EUR 
147,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) as a result of the Spanish 
Litigation; 
 
f) 
the Guarantor, the Company, or a Material Group Company suspends 
payments; 
 
g) 
a Material Group Company applies for, or admits an application for, company 
reorganization according to the Swedish Companies Reorganization Act (Sw. 
lag (1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) or similar proceedings; 
 
h) 
a Material Group Company or the Guarantor is placed in bankruptcy; 
 
i) 
a decision is taken to place the Company in liquidation or to place a Material 
Group Company or the Guarantor in compulsory liquidation; or 
 
j) 
a circumstance occurs which entails that the Company is replaced as the debtor 
under a relevant Loan by another party (or a decision to do so has been 
adopted, for example by the Company’s board of directors preparing a merger 
plan under which the Company will be the transferring company) and such 
decision has not been approved by the Noteholders in accordance with section 
12.9; 
 
k) 
the Company or a Group Company which conducts operations subject to a 
Licensing Obligation (Sw: tillståndspliktig verksamhet) does not hold, or no 
longer holds, a license for such operations;  
 
l) 
the Company does not own 100% of the shares in the Guarantor; or 
 
m) 
the Guarantee is not valid for any outstanding Loan.

--- Page 44 ---
41(73) 
 
 
The term “loan” as used in subsection c) above also includes overdraft accounts and 
sums which are not received as a loan, but which must be paid on the basis of a debt 
security obviously intended for public trading. 
11.3 
The Calculation Agent may not declare the relevant Loan together with interest (if any) 
due for payment in accordance with this section 11 by reference to circumstances 
constituting an event of default if a Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved that the relevant 
circumstances shall not give rise (temporarily or permanently) to an acceleration 
pursuant to section 11. 
11.4 
The Company shall be obligated to immediately notify the Issuing Dealers and the 
Noteholders in accordance with section 15 (Notices) in the event grounds for 
acceleration exist as stated in section 11.2. In the absence of such notice, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuing Dealer, irrespective of actual knowledge, shall be 
deemed to be aware of grounds for acceleration. Neither the Calculation Agent nor the 
Issuing Dealer is obligated itself to monitor whether the conditions for acceleration exist 
according to section 11.2. 
11.5 
Upon redemption of loans following acceleration in accordance with section 11.1: 
(a) 
interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN which, 
together with accrued interest and Additional Repayment Amount (if 
applicable), would have been redeemed on the final Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN 
determined by the following formula as per the date of acceleration of the 
Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Calculation Agent for Swedish (or 
Norwegian in relation to NOK denominated MTN) government 
bonds with an outstanding term to maturity corresponding to the 
remaining term of the relevant Loan. In the absence of such ask 
rate, the bid rate shall be used instead, as reduced by a market 
bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage points. The calculation 
shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day 
Count Convention Actual/360 for MTN denominated in SEK, NOK 
or EUR. 
12. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
12.1 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan, and must convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for 
the Noteholders under the relevant Loan at the request of the Issuing Agent, the

--- Page 45 ---
42(73) 
 
Company, or Noteholders who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth 
of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (such request may only be made 
by Noteholders who are registered in the debt register maintained by Euroclear 
Sweden or VPS on the next Business Day after the day the request was received by 
the Calculation Agent and must be made together if a request is made by several 
Noteholders). 
12.2 
The Calculation Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by written notice to each 
Noteholder, the Company, and the Issuing Dealer within five (5) Business Days from 
the date when a request was received from the Company, Noteholders, or the Issuing 
Dealer in accordance with Section 12.1 (or such later date as necessary for technical 
or administrative reasons). 
12.3 
The Calculation Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the 
proposed resolution must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders, and 
this person has notified the Calculation Agent that such approval will not be given; or 
(ii) the proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The notice in accordance with Section 12.2, shall contain (i) the time of the meeting; 
(ii) the place of the meeting; (iii) an agenda (including each request by a Noteholder for 
a resolution); and (iv) a proxy form. A decision may not be made at the Noteholders’ 
Meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in the notice. If Noteholders are 
required to announce their intention to participate in the Noteholders’ Meeting, the 
notice shall contain information regarding such requirement. 
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days and 
no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for 
several Loans under the MTN Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
12.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and Conditions, the Calculation 
Agent may stipulate further provisions, as it deems appropriate, regarding the 
convening and holding of the Noteholders’ Meeting. Such provisions may, among other 
things, include provisions enabling Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting 
in person, or to allow the voting to take place electronically or through written voting 
procedures. 
12.7 
Only a person who has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with section 4 
(Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ 
Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The 
Calculation Agent may attend the Noteholders’ Meeting and shall ensure that an extract 
from the debt register maintained by Euroclear Sweden or VPS on the Record Date for 
the Noteholders’ Meeting is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.8 
The Noteholders and the Calculation Agent, and their respective representatives or 
assistants, are entitled to attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting 
may resolve that other persons may attend. Representatives shall submit a duly issued

--- Page 46 ---
43(73) 
 
power of attorney to be approved by the chairperson of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The 
Noteholders’ Meeting shall commence with the appointment of a chairperson, a 
secretary to take the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes. The chairperson shall 
prepare a list of Noteholders that are present and entitled to vote at the meeting, with 
information on the proportion of the Adjusted Loan Amount that is held by each 
respective Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall thereafter be 
approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions, Noteholders 
who have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or the equivalent shall be 
deemed to be present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who were Noteholders 
or representatives for such Noteholders on the fifth Business Day prior to the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, and who are covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled 
to vote and shall be included in the Voting Register. The Company shall be granted 
access to relevant voting calculations and the basis for these. The minutes shall be 
completed as soon as possible and made available to Noteholders, the Company, and 
the Calculation Agent. 
12.9 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at 
least 90 per cent of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders 
are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
any change in the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, change in 
terms relating to interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance 
with the Loan Terms including what follows from the application of section 7 
(Replacement of Base Rate)); 
(b) 
any change in the provisions governing the Noteholders’ Meeting according to 
this section 12; and 
(c) 
substitution of debtor. 
12.10 Matters which are not covered by Section 12.9 require the approval of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for 
which Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This 
includes, but is not limited to, amendments and waivers of rights in relation to the Loan 
Terms which do not require a greater majority (other than changes in accordance with 
section 13 (Amendments of terms etc.) and acceleration of Loans. 
12.11 A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person 
or via telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at least 
50 per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount for matters listed in section 12.9 and for any 
other matter 20 per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount. 
12.12 If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the 
Calculation Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with 
section 12.2) provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the initiator 
of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum requirement in section 12.11 is not applicable 
to such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum

--- Page 47 ---
44(73) 
 
requirement for some, but not all, matters which are to be resolved on in the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for which a quorum is 
present, and any other matter shall be referred to a new Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.13 A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the 
rights of, the Company or an Issuing Dealer under the Terms and Conditions requires 
the written approval of the relevant party. 
12.14 A Noteholder which holds more than one MTN need not vote for all, or vote in the same 
way for all, MTN held. 
12.15 The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any 
compensation to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such 
compensation is offered to all Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant 
Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.16 A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under 
the relevant Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Noteholders shall not be held liable for any damage that the decision may cause 
another Noteholder. 
12.17 The Company shall reimburse the Calculation Agent for costs and disbursements 
incurred by it in connection with the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable 
compensation for the Calculation Agent. 
12.18 At the request of the Calculation Agent, the Company shall provide the Calculation 
Agent with a certificate, without delay, stating the Nominal Amount for MTN owned by 
Group Companies on the relevant Record Date before a Noteholders’ Meeting, 
regardless of whether such Group Company is directly registered as an owner of MTN. 
The Calculation Agent shall not be held responsible for the content of such certificate 
or otherwise for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group Company. 
12.19 Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all 
decisions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the 
Company’s website and in accordance with section 15 (Notices). At the request of a 
Noteholder or the Issuing Dealer, the Calculation Agent shall provide the Noteholder

--- Page 48 ---
45(73) 
 
with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. Failure to notify the 
Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity of the decision. 
13. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS, ETC.  
13.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors 
in these Terms and Conditions. 
13.2 
The Company and the Calculation Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and 
obvious errors in the Final Terms for certain Loans. 
13.3 
The Company and the Calculation Agent or the Independent Adviser may, without the 
approval of the Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms in 
accordance with what is described in section 7 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such 
amendments will be binding on those covered by the Loan Terms. 
13.4 
Appointment of a Dealer to the MTN Programme may be made through an agreement 
between the Company, the relevant Dealer, and other Dealers. A Dealer may retire as 
a Dealer. However, a Calculation Agent under a particular Loan may only retire as such 
if a new Calculation Agent is simultaneously appointed in its place. 
13.5 
Changes to, or waivers of, Loan Terms in cases other than those set forth in sections 
13.1 to 13.3 must be made through a decision taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
according to section 12 (Noteholders’ Meeting) with approval by the Company and any 
relevant parties in accordance with section 12.13 and other relevant provisions. 
13.6 
An approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment of the terms may cover the 
substantive content of the change and need not contain a specific drafting of the 
change. 
13.7 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in respect 
of when the amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not enter into 
force before it has been registered with Euroclear Sweden or VPS (where applicable) 
and published on the Company’s website. 
13.8 
Notice of amendments or waivers of Loan Terms in accordance with this section 12 
must be given to the Noteholders in accordance with section 15 (Notices) and published 
on the Company’s website. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
14.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be subject to a time bar of 10 years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be subject to a time bar of 3 years after each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. In the event a claim is barred, any funds set aside for 
payment of such claim shall vest in the Company. 
14.2 
If a period of limitation is tolled, a new limitation period will commence of ten years with 
respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal, and of three years with respect

--- Page 49 ---
46(73) 
 
to the right to receive payment of interest, in both cases calculated from the date of the 
tolling of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of 
the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw: Preskriptionslag (1981:130)). 
15. 
NOTICES 
15.1 
Notices shall be given to the Noteholders of the relevant Loan at the address registered 
with Euroclear Sweden or VPS, as applicable, on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A 
notice to the Noteholders shall also be published through a press release and published 
on the Company’s website. 
15.2 
Notice shall be given to the Company and each Dealer at the address registered with 
the Swedish Companies Registration Office at the time notice is given. 
15.3 
A notice to the Company or the Noteholders according to the Loan Terms which is sent 
by normal mail to the stated address shall be deemed to have been received by the 
recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and notice sent by courier shall be 
deemed to have been received by the recipient when handed over at the stated 
address. 
15.4 
The failure to send notice to a particular Noteholder in the correct manner shall not have 
any impact on the legal effect of notice to other Noteholders.  
16. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. 
16.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or foreign 
legislation, actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, strikes, 
blockades, boycotts, lockouts, or any other similar circumstance. The reservation in 
respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and lockouts applies notwithstanding that the 
Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such measures. 
16.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided 
the Dealer acted with normal care. 
16.3 
Neither the Company nor the Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay 
compensation for indirect loss. 
16.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a 
circumstance set forth in section 16.1, the measure may be postponed until such time 
as the impediment no longer exists. 
16.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish 
Financial Instruments Accounting Act. 
17. 
GUARANTEE 
In accordance with Appendix 2, the Guarantor has provided a guarantee as for its own 
debt (Sw: proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s obligations under the Loans issued 
under the MTN Programme.

--- Page 50 ---
47(73) 
 
18. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
18.1 
Swedish law shall apply to the Loan Terms and any non-contractual issues which arise 
in conjunction with the Loan Terms, save for the registration of Loans issued in NOK in 
VPS which will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Norwegian law. 
18.2 
Any dispute shall be resolved by a Swedish court of law. The Stockholm District Court 
shall be the court of first instance. 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above terms and conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm 22 March 2022 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)

--- Page 51 ---
48(73) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following form is used for the Final Terms for each Loan issued under the MTN 
Programme. 
 
Boliden AB (publ) 
Final Terms 
for Loan number [●] 
under Boliden AB (publ)’s (“Company”) Swedish MTN Programme 
 
The Terms and Conditions dated 22 March 2022 and the Final Terms set forth below shall 
apply to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth 
in the Terms and Conditions or otherwise in the Company’s Base Prospectus, approved and 
registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on [●], including any published 
supplemental prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, referred to as the 
“Prospectus Regulation” (“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a 
reading of the Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
The Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the Company’s 
website (www.boliden.com). 
 
 
[[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereupon the Nominal Amount 
has been increased from [SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [amount in words] to [SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] 
[amount in figures].] 
 
 
GENERAL 
1.  Loan number: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
  Tranche name:  
[●] 
2.  Aggregate Nominal Amount:
 
 (i) 
For [the Loan:] 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [●] 
 (ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [●] 
 (iii) 
[Tranche 2:] 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [●]

--- Page 52 ---
49(73) 
 
3.  Price per MTN: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [●]] 
4.  Currency: 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] 
5.  Nominal amount: 
[SEK]/[EUR]/[NOK] [●] (the stated amount may not 
be less than EUR 100,000 or an equivalent amount 
in SEK or NOK) 
6.  Loan Date: 
[●]  
7.  Interest Commencement Date:
[Loan Date]/[●] 
8.  Settlement Date: 
[Loan Date]/[●] 
 
(i) 
[Tranche 1:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche 2:]  
[●] 
9.  Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10.  Interest Structure: 
[Fixed Rate]/ 
[Floating Rate (FRN)]/ 
[Zero Coupon] 
11.  Amount as basis for calculation 
of interest: 
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12.  Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
(i) 
 Interest Rate: 
[●] % per year 
(ii) 
 Interest Period: 
[Period from (but excluding) [●] up to and including 
[●] (the first Interest Period) and thereafter each 
period of approximately [●] months with the final day 
on an Interest Payment Date]/[Period from (and 
including) [●] up to but excluding [●] (the first 
Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
approximately [●] months with the final day on an 
Interest Payment Date] 
(Correct the above in the event of a short or long 
first coupon. The first alternative is in relation to 
Notes issued in SEK/EUR and the second 
alternative is in relation to Notes issued in NOK.)

--- Page 53 ---
50(73) 
 
 
(iii) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually [●]] [Semi-annually [●] and [●] ] [Quarterly 
[●], [●], [●] and [●]], the first time on [●] and the last 
time on [●], however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the following 
Business Day. Interest is calculated and payable, 
however, only up to [and including]/[but excluding]
the Interest Payment Date. 
 
(iv) 
 Day Count Convention: 
30/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
 Risk factors:  
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the 
heading Risks relating to interest rate constructions 
in the Base Prospectus. 
13.  Floating Rate (FRN:) 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
 (i) 
 Base Rate: 
[●] months [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR] 
[The Interest Base for the first coupon will be [[●]/a 
linear interpolation between [●] months [STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR] and [•] months [STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR]/[NIBOR]] 
 (ii) 
 Interest Base Margin: 
[+/-] [●] % per year 
 (iii) 
 Interest Determination 
Date: 
[Second] Business Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period, the first time on [●] 
 (iv) 
 Interest Period: 
[The period from (but excluding) [●] up to and 
including [●] (the first interest period) and thereafter 
each period of about [●] months with the final day 
on an Interest Payment Date]/[The period from (and
excluding) [●] up to but excluding [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each period of about 
[●] months with the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date] 
(The first alternative is in relation to Notes issued in 
SEK/EUR and the second alternative is in relation 
to Notes issued in NOK.) 
 (v) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first time on [●]
and the last time on [●]. However, if such a day is 
not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall 
instead be the next Business Day provided that 
such Business Day does not fall in the new calendar 
month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the preceding Business Day. Interest is 
calculated and payable up to [and including]/[but 
excluding] each relevant Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 54 ---
51(73) 
 
 (vi) 
 Day Count Convention: 
Actual/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
14.  Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
(i) 
 Terms for Loans without 
interest:  
[Specify details] 
(ii) 
 Risk Factors: 
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the heading 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions in the 
Base Prospectus 
OTHER 
15.  Green MTN: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(if applicable, specify below) 
(i) 
 Terms: 
[●] dated [●] are applicable to this Loan. 
(ii) 
 Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
“Risks associated with Green MTN” in the Base 
Prospectus. 
16.  Sustainability Linked MTN: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings 
under this heading) 
[●] dated [•] are applicable to this Loan. 
(i) 
 Interest Rate Decrease: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[•] % annual interest reduction (to be reduced from 
the [[Interest Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[Interest Base 
Margin] (if Floating Rate (FRN))]/[●]. 
(ii) 
 Interest Rate Increase: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[•] % annual interest increase (in addition to 
[[Interest Rate] (if Fixed Rate)/[Interest Base 
Margin] (if Floating Rate (FRN))]/[●]. 
(iii) 
 Additional 
Repayment 
Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount]/[●] 
(iv) 
 Sustainability Performance 
Target: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [•]]. 
(Sustainability Performance Targets are what is 
referred to as "SPT" in the [●]).

--- Page 55 ---
52(73) 
 
(v) 
 Key 
Performance 
Indicators: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [•]]. 
(Key Performance Indicators are what is referred to 
as "KPI" in the [●]). 
(vi) 
 Calculation Method: 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [•]]. 
(Calculation Methods are what is described as 
"Calculation Methodologies" in the [●]). 
(vii) 
 Target Date(s): 
[•][, in accordance with what is stated in the [●] 
dated [•]]. 
(Target Date is the date to which SPT must be 
achieved according to the [●]). 
(viii) 
 Reporting Date: 
[Reporting Date is the date that occurs 90 days after 
the Target Date(s)/Specify another date]. 
(ix) 
 External Auditor: 
[Specify] 
(x) 
 Risk factor: 
In accordance with the risk factor with the heading 
"Risks associated with Sustainability Linked MTN” 
in the Base Prospectus. 
REPAYMENT 
Miscellaneous 
17.  Amount with which MTN is to be 
repaid at the Maturity date: 
[•] % of [Nominal Amount/[•]] 
(If 16(iii) is applicable, include below:) 
[subject to clause 6.3 (c) in Terms and Conditions 
and 16(iii) in the Final Terms] 
18.  CSD: 
[Euroclear Sweden] / [VPS] 
19.  Issuing Dealer[s]: 
[Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)3]/[Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB Bank 
ASA, filial Sverige]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[specify] 
20.  Calculation agent: 
[Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)4]/[Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB Bank 
 
3 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities. 
4 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 56 ---
53(73) 
 
ASA, filial Sverige]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[specify] 
21.  Issuing and Paying Agent 
[N/A]/[●] 
22.  Admission to trading: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
 
(i) 
 Relevant market: 
An application for registration will be submitted to 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[state other regulated market] 
 
(ii) 
 Estimate of all costs in 
conjunction with admission 
to trading: 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] 
 
(iii) 
 Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
 Earliest date for admission 
to trading: 
[Loan date]/[●]  
[Tranche 1:] 
[Tranche 2:] 
23.  ISIN: 
[●] 
24.  Credit rating for the Loan 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
25.  Resolution as basis for the Issue: [In accordance with the Base Prospectus]/[specify] 
26.  Interests of natural or legal 
persons involved in the Issue: 
[Other than the compensation paid to the Issuing 
Dealers based on their participation in the MTN 
Programme and this Issue, the Company is not 
aware of any persons involved with any interest of 
significance to the Issue]  
[description of the interests of significance to the 
Issue for any natural or legal persons involved in the 
issue, including conflicts of interest] 
27.  Information from third parties: 
[Information contained in these Final Terms that 
comes from a third party has been accurately 
reproduced and, to the extent the Company is 
aware and is able to ascertain from a comparison

--- Page 57 ---
54(73) 
 
with other information that has been published by 
the relevant third party, no facts have been omitted 
in a way that would render the reproduced 
information 
inaccurate 
or 
misleading]/[Not 
Applicable] 
28.  The use of the proceeds:  
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities]/[In accordance with the Green 
Terms]/[specify] 
29.  The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR]/[SEK]/[NOK] [●] less customary transaction 
costs and fees. 
 
The Company confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this MTN 
Programme regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of the 
Company. 
The Company further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together 
with the Terms and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and, where 
applicable, interest. 
 
[Place] [date for signing of Final Terms] 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)

--- Page 58 ---
55(73) 
 
GUARANTEE 
Between Boliden AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556051-4142) (the “Company”) and Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, Sverige filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)5 and Swedbank AB 
(publ) (together the ”Dealers”), an agreement was signed on 19 October 2018 (Sw: 
emissionsavtal) (the “Agreement”) regarding the Swedish Medium Term Note Programme 
(“MTN Programme”) under which the Company intends to raise loans on the Capital Market 
by issuing notes in SEK or EUR.  
 
With reference to the MTN Programme, Boliden Mineral AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556231-6850) 
(the “Guarantor”) hereby guarantees as principal obligor as for its own debt (Sw: 
proprieborgen) all of the Company’s obligations, as agreed in this guarantee (the 
“Guarantee”). 
 
In addition to the definitions set forth in this Guarantee, the terms defined in the Agreement 
and in the Terms and Conditions (appended to the Agreement) shall have the same meaning 
when used in this Guarantee. 
 
The Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms shall apply to each MTN. The 
obligations set forth in paragraph 4-6 below shall apply to the Guarantor only in case the 
Company has not already fulfilled such obligations in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
1. 
The Guarantor has reviewed and approved the conditions set forth in the Agreement and 
the Terms and Conditions (as amended from time to time). 
 
2. 
All of the Company’s obligations according to the Agreement, the Terms and Conditions 
and all Loans issued under the MTN Programme are guaranteed by the Guarantor as 
principal obligor as for its own debt (Sw:proprieborgen). The Guarantee continues in 
force until all obligations under the Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and all Loans 
issued under the MTN Programme have been fulfilled. The obligations under this 
Guarantee shall be in force even if the Framework Amount has been exceeded. 
 
3. 
The Guarantor’s obligations are limited to the extent (and only if a limitation applies) 
required to avoid breach of the provisions on unlawful value transfers according to 
chapter 17, paragraph 1-3 in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)) (as amended from time to time). 
 
 
4. 
The Guarantor further guarantees that as long as there are outstanding MTN the 
Guarantor shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any material fixed assets if such disposal 
threatens the Guarantor's ability to fulfill its payment obligations under this Guarantee. 
 
5. 
The Guarantor hereby confirms that its execution of this Guarantee do not violate any 
law, agreement, other rules or regulations binding on the Guarantor. 
 
6. 
All the notices to the Guarantor shall be made to the following address:  
 
 
5 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 59 ---
56(73) 
 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 44 
101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address:  
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
 
If a notice has been sent by registered letter (Sw. rekommenderat brev), the notice shall 
be deemed to have been received by the recipient no later than the third Business Day 
following the dispatch. If a message has been sent by e-mail, the message shall be 
deemed to have reached the addressee when it is actually received. However, if the e-
mail reaches the recipient after normal business hours, the message shall be deemed to 
have been received by the recipient at the beginning of the following Business Day. 
 
7. 
This Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
herewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 
The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Guarantee. The City Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) 
shall be the court of first instance. 
 
__________________ 
 
Stockholm 19 October 2018 
 
BOLIDEN MINERAL AB (PUBL)

--- Page 60 ---
57(73) 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION AND STRUCTURE 
The business of the Group 
Business idea and strategy 
Boliden aims to be a leading metals company by establishing and operating competitive mines and smelters and 
by being the preferred choice for business partners. The primary focus for Boliden’s mining operations is the 
creation of growth through exploration and investments in organic growth, coupled with improved productivity 
and acquisitions where Boliden’s knowhow and competences can add value. For the smelters, the focus is on 
increasing profitability by concentrating on costs, improving process stability and the ability to process complex 
raw materials. 
Main operations 
The Group in total had as of 31 December 2022 approximately 6,000 employees. Its main business activities 
consist of mining, processing/producing and selling concentrates, metals, in particular the base metals zinc, 
copper, nickel and lead but also precious metal such as gold and silver, and certain by-products. 
The Group’s business is divided into two segments – mining and smelting. Boliden’s main metals – zinc and 
copper – are primarily sold to industrial customers in Europe. Boliden also conducts recycling of electronic 
materials and is a substantial market participant when it comes to recycling lead from car batteries. 
Mines 
As of 31 December 2022, Boliden mines comprise of seven mines in five mining areas: Aitik, the Boliden Area 
and Garpenberg in Sweden, Kevitsa in Finland and the Tara mine in Ireland. The Aitik mine is a medium-sized 
copper mine by international standards in terms of metal production and a significant copper mine in terms of 
ore extracted. Aitik also earns income from its by-metals gold and silver. Garpenberg is a medium-sized zinc 
mine which also generates income from silver and lead. The Boliden Area is a small mining area that contains 
three underground mines extracting and processing metals such as silver, gold, zinc, lead and copper. Kevitsa is 
a copper-nickel mine with several by-products and Tara is a large zinc mine by international standards and also 
earns minor revenues from lead.  
Smelters 
Boliden’s five smelters are located in Sweden, Finland and Norway and comprise the Kokkola and Odda zinc 
smelters, the Rönnskär copper smelter, the Harjavalta copper and nickel smelter, and the Bergsöe lead smelter. 
The business area focuses on refining of concentrates and recycled raw materials, and sales of metals and by-
products. The Kokkola zinc smelter is a major zinc producer by international standards, while the Odda zinc 
smelter is a small/medium-sized plant. The Rönnskär copper smelter is medium-sized, but has a material 
operation in electronic recycling. The Harjavalta copper smelter is small, but its nickel smelting operations are 
material by European standards.  
Share information 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, its share capital shall be no less than SEK 200,000,000 and no 
more than SEK 800,000,000, with its number of shares being no less than 200,000,000 and no more than 
800,000,000. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s registered share capital was SEK 578,914,338 
and the registered number of shares was 273,511,169. 
The Board of Directors has proposed that the Annual General Meeting 2023 (to be held on 25 April 2023) adopts 
an automatic share redemption procedure whereby each share is split into one ordinary share and one redemption 
share. Later, the share will be automatically redeemed for SEK 11.50 (15.50) per share. This corresponds to a 
total of SEK 3,145 m (4,239). 
Since December 2001, the shares in the Issuer have been listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm 
under the short code BOL.

--- Page 61 ---
58(73) 
 
Ten largest shareholders as at 31 December 2022 
Name of shareholder 
Percentage of votes and share capital 
 Swedbank Robur Funds  
5.9% 
BlackRock 
4.5% 
Vanguard  
3.6% 
T Rowe Price  
2.8% 
Handelsbanken Funds 
2.7% 
SEB Funds  
2.1% 
Söderbloms Factoringtjänst AB 
1.8% 
Artemis 
1.5% 
Folksam 
1.5% 
First AP Fund 
1.5% 
Total, ten largest shareholders 
27.8% 
 
Legal structure 
The Issuer is the ultimate parent company of the Group. The Issuer conducts limited operations mainly 
consisting of owning shares in the operating subsidiaries and it is reliant of other entities within the Group to 
advance loans or make dividend distributions to the Issuer so as to enable it to make payments under the Notes. 
The Issuer is thus dependent upon receipt of sufficient income arising from the operations of the Group. The 
ability of the operating Group Companies to make payments is restricted by, among other things, the availability 
of funds, corporate restrictions and local law. 
Save for some additional subsidiaries which are dormant or of lesser significance, the Issuer’s shareholding of 
two directly owned and 23 indirectly owned subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 is outlined in the below table. 
Name of subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes 
Boliden Limited, Toronto, Canada 
3977366 
100% 
3974677 Canada Inc., Toronto, Canada 
3974677 
100% 
1393512 Ontario Inc., Toronto, Canada 
1393512 
100% 
Boliden B.V., Drunen, Netherlands 
18048775 
100% 
Boliden Mineral AB, Skellefteå, Sweden 
556231-6850 
100% 
Boliden Harjavalta Oy, Harjavalta, Finland 
1591739-9 
100% 
Boliden Kylylahti Oy, Polvijärvi, Finland 
1925412-3 
100% 
Boliden Kevitsa Mining Oy, Petkula, Finland 
2345699-1 
100% 
Boliden Kuhmo Oy, Petkula, Finland 
1925450-2 
100% 
Boliden Kokkola Oy, Kokkola, Finland 
0772004-3 
100% 
Kokkolan Teollisuusvesi Oy, Kokkola, Finland 
2558533-2 
65% 
Boliden Commercial AB, Stockholm, Sweden 
556158-2205 
100% 
Boliden Commercial UK Ltd, Warwickshire, UK 
5723781 
100% 
Boliden Commercial Deutschland GmbH, Neuss, Germany 
HRB14237 
100% 
Tara Mines Holdings DAC, Navan, Ireland 
60135 
100% 
Boliden Tara Mines DAC, Navan, Ireland 
33148 
100% 
              Alexandra Terminal DAC, Navan, Ireland 
56221 
100% 
      Irish Mine Development Ltd, Navan, Ireland 
174811 
100% 
      Rennicks and Bennett Ltd, Navan, Ireland 
34596 
100% 
        Boliden Odda AS, Odda, Norway 
911177870 
100% 
 Boliden Bergsöe AB, Landskrona, Sweden 
556041-8823 
100% 
Boliden Bergsoe A/S, Glostrup, Denmark 
20862149 
100%

--- Page 62 ---
59(73) 
 
Name of subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes 
        Boliden Mineral Canada Ltd, Vancouver, Canada 
BC1337911 
100% 
 
Financial targets and dividend policy 
• 
Return on Investments 
Return on the investments shall be at least 10%. Any projects must be in line with Boliden’s strategy and 
available resources. The return on operating activities is measured as return on capital employed. 
• 
Net debt/equity ratio 
Boliden strives to achieve a net debt/equity ratio at about 20% at economic peaks. The target also includes net 
reclamation liability. 
• 
Dividend policy 
The dividend shall correspond to one third of net profit for the year. 
Alternative performance measures 
Boliden presents certain financial metrics that are not defined under IFRS, and it considers these metrics to 
provide valuable supplementary information as they more clearly evaluate the Company’s performance. Not all 
companies calculate financial metrics in the same way, so the metrics used by Boliden are not always 
comparable with those used by other companies, and these metrics should, therefore, not be regarded as a 
replacement for metrics defined in accordance with IFRS. All alternative performance measures have been 
derived from Boliden’s annual report and consolidated financial statements for the financial years 2022 and 
2021, and/or underlying management accounts. 
SEKm 
2022
2021
Revenues 
86,437
68,636
Operating profit ex. revaluation of process inventory1) 
15,672
10,318
Operating profit1) 
15,895
11,082
EBITDA1) 
22,057
16,703
Profit after financial items 
15,601
10,839
Net profit  
12,410
8,704
Earnings per share, SEK 
45.37
31.81
Free cash flow1) 
6,329
7,148
Net debt1) 
-15
-918
Net debt/equity ratio, %1) 
0
-2
Capital employed1) 
62,249
53,382
Return on capital employed, %1) 
26.6
21.1
Return on equity, %1) 
22.8
18.2
Equity/asset ratio, %1) 
61
63
Net reclamation liability1) 
2,860
2,427
Net reclamation liability/equity ratio, %1) 
4.9
4.8
Net payment capacity1) 
23,005
16,088
1) Alternative performance measure. 
Definitions and explanations of alternative performance measures 
Measure 
Definition 
Reason for use
Operating profit ex. 
revaluation of process 
inventory 
Revenues minus all costs attributable to the 
operations but excluding the effects of the 
revaluation of process inventory, net financial items 
and taxes. 
Measures the result that gives a better picture of the 
underlying trend, as this is reported excluding 
revaluation of the smelter’s process inventory. 
EBITDA 
Operating profit before depreciation, amortisation 
and impairment of assets.
Shows the operating profit without the effect of 
depreciation.
Free cash flow 
Cash flow from operating activities including cash 
flow from investment activities.
Shows the Company’s cash generation capacity after 
operational investing activities. 
Net debt 
Interest-bearing current and long-term liabilities 
(including pension liabilities) less financial assets 
(including cash and cash equivalents).
Measures the company’s financial position.

--- Page 63 ---
60(73) 
 
Measure 
Definition 
Reason for use
Net debt/equity ratio 
Net debt divided by equity. 
Measures the financial risk that shows interest-
bearing debt in relation to underlying cash generation
Capital employed 
The Balance Sheet total less interest-bearing 
investments, tax receivable and non-interest-bearing 
provisions and liabilities.
Shows the proportion of total assets that is used in 
the operation. 
Return on capital employed 
Operating profit divided by the average capital 
employed. The average capital employed for each 
year consists of an average of the closing capital 
employed in the last 13 months. Measured before 
tax.
Measures the return on all the capital tied up in the 
operation. 
Return on equity 
Profit for the year as a percentage of average equity 
in the last 13 months. Measured after tax.
Shows the return that is generated on the 
shareholders’ capital that is invested in the Company.
Equity/asset ratio 
Equity as a percentage of the Balance Sheet total. 
Measures the financial risk, which shows the 
Company’s equity in relation to total capital. 
Net reclamation liability 
Reclamation liability, less capitalised reclamation 
costs 
Shows the total impact of reclamation reserves in the 
Balance sheet.
Net reclamation 
liability/equity ratio 
Net reclamation liability as a percentage of equity. 
Shows the reclamation liability in relation to equity. 
Net payment capacity 
Current liquidity, in the form of cash and cash 
equivalents and unutilised binding credit facilities 
with a term of more than one year
Shows the Company’s liquidity reserve and ability to 
manage its payment obligations. 
 
Reconciliation of alternative performance measures 
Operating profit ex. revaluation of process inventory 
SEKm 
2022
2021
Operating profit 
15,895
11,082
Revaluation of process inventory
-223
-764
Operating profit ex. revaluation of process inventory
15,672
10,318
 
EBITDA 
SEKm 
2022
2021
Operating profit 
15,895
11,082
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment of assets 
6,162
5,621
EBITDA 
22,057
16,703
 
Free cash flow 
SEKm 
2022
2021
Cash flow from operating activities
16,398
13,144
Cash flow from investment activities 
-10,069
-5,996
Free cash flow 
6,329
7,148
 
Net debt and Net debt/equity ratio 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Liability to credit institutions 
10,989
5,993
Other interest-bearing liabilities 
203
169
Provisions for pension 
953
1,180
Other interest-bearing assets 
-1
-9
Cash and cash equivalents 
-12,159
-8,251
Net debt 
-15
-918
 
Equity 
58,325
50,882
Net debt/equity ratio, % 
0
-2

--- Page 64 ---
61(73) 
 
Return on capital employed 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Intangible assets 
3,533
3,616
Property, plant and equipment 
52,036
45,915
Participations in associated companies 
10
9
Other shares and participations 
5
6
Inventories 
22,278
18,000
Trade receivables 
3,830
2,873
Other receivables 
2,395
1,695
Provisions, other than for pensions and tax 
-7,367
-6,772
Trade and other payables 
-10,335
-8,812
Other non-interest-bearing liabilities 
-4,136
-3,147
Capital employed 
62,249
53,382
 
Operating profit 
15,895
11,082
Capital employed, average 
59,749
52,471
Return on capital employed, %
26.6
21.1
 
Return on equity 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Equity, average 
54,423
47,873
Profit for the year 
12,410
8,704
Return on equity, % 
22.8
18.2
 
Equity/asset ratio 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Equity 
58,325
50,882
Assets 
96,376
80,549
Equity/asset ratio, % 
61
63
 
Net reclamation liability and Net reclamation liability/equity ratio 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Reclamation liability 
7,040
6,472
Capitalised reclamation costs 
-4,180
-4,045
Net reclamation liability 
2,860
2,427
Equity 
58,325
50,882
Net reclamation liability/equity ratio, % 
4.9
4.8
 
Net payment capacity 
SEKm 
31 Dec 2022
31 Dec 2021
Cash and cash equivalents 
12,159
8,251
Unutilised binding credit facilities with a term of more than one year
10,846
7,837
Net payment capacity 
23,005
16,088

--- Page 65 ---
62(73) 
 
THE ISSUER 
General corporate and Group information 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Boliden AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556051-4142 and Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) Code 21380059QU7IM1ONDJ56. The registered office is at P.O. Box 44, SE-101 20 
Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone number of the Issuer is +46 (0)8 610 15 00. The Issuer was incorporated in 
Sweden on 27 November 1947 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) 
on 23 December 1947. The Issuer is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Issuer’s website is www.boliden.com. The 
information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Boliden’s history stretches back to the 1920s, when the Company established a position in the fields of 
exploration, mining operations, concentration, smelting and recycling operations. Pursuant to the Issuer’s 
Articles of Association, the object of the Issuer’s business shall be to, directly or indirectly, pursue mining and 
produce metals, and thereto related business activities. 
Board of directors 
Pursuant to Boliden’s Articles of Association, the Board shall consist of no less than three and no more than ten 
members, with no deputy members, elected by the general meeting of the shareholders. Boliden’s employees 
have a statutory entitlement to appoint three employee members and three employee deputy members to the 
Board. The Board currently consists of seven members elected by the Annual General Meeting held in 2022 until 
the Annual General Meeting in 2023 and three Employee Members with three Deputy Members appointed by 
trade union organisations. 
Ahead of the Annual General Meeting 2023 (to be held on 25 April 2023), the Nomination Committee has 
proposed re-election of Helene Biström, Tomas Eliasson, Per Lindberg, Perttu Louhiluoto, Elisabeth Nilsson, Pia 
Rudengren and Karl-Henrik Sundström. The Nomination Committee has also proposed re-election of Karl-
Henrik Sundström as Chairman of the Board of Directors. 
Karl-Henrik Sundström 
Born 1960. Chairman of the Board and Board member since 2021. 
Principal education: MBA, Advanced management program Harvard. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Boards of CLC Climate Leadership Coalition and 
Mölnlycke. Board member of Vestas, NXP and the Marcus Wallenberg Foundation. 
Helene Biström 
Born 1962. Board member since 2020. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Senior Vice President BA Wind, Vattenfall. 
Tomas Eliasson 
Born 1962. Board member since 2022. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Boards of Telia and Millicom. 
Per Lindberg 
Born 1959. Board member since 2021. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, Ph.D. Industrial Management and Work Organization. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Senior Advisor of Peymar Advisory. Chairman of the Boards of Nordic 
Brass Gusum and Permascand. Board member of Valmet, Re:Ocean and Cupori. Member of the Royal Swedish 
Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA).

--- Page 66 ---
63(73) 
 
Perttu Louhiluoto 
Born 1964. Board member since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics, LL.B. 
Other on-going principal assignments: CEO of Severn Glocon, Chairman of the Board of Vaaka Partners. 
Elisabeth Nilsson 
Born 1953. Board member since 2015. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, Honorary Doctor Luleå University of Technology. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of Vadstena-Akademien, the KK Foundation and the 
Scandinavian Japan Sasakawa Foundation. Member of Hanaholmen’s Executive Board.  
Pia Rudengren 
Born 1965. Board member since 2017. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Board of Social Initiative. Member of the Boards of 
Academedia, Picsmart and Hypex Bio Explosives Technology. 
Jonny Johansson 
Born 1968. Board member, employee representative since 2022.  
Other on-going assignments: Representative for IF Metall (the Swedish Metalworkers’ Union) Aitik branch, 
member of FSG (trades union cooperation, mines), Gruvarbetarnas Branschforum. 
Andreas Mårtensson 
Born 1973. Board member, employee representative since 2022.  
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of Unionen (white-collar union) Aitik, Bolidenområdet, Group, 
Commercial & Smelters Staff.  
Johan Vidmark 
Born 1976. Board member, employee representative since 2022. 
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of IF Metall (the Swedish Metalworkers’ Union) Rönnskär branch. 
Ola Holmström 
Born 1965. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2017.  
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of IF Metall Kristineberg branch, FSG (trades union cooperation, 
mines). Board member of Georange. 
Timo Pöppönen 
Born 1974. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2022. 
Other on-going assignments: Representative for PRO (white-collar union in Finland). 
Elin Söderlund 
Born 1985. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2022. 
Other on-going assignments: Representative for the Swedish Association of Graduate Engineers and the 
Council for Negotiation and Cooperation. 
The Group Management 
Mikael Staffas 
Born 1965. President & CEO since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, MBA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Board of the Employers’ Association of the Swedish 
Mining Industry. Vice Chairman of Eurometaux, the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers and SveMin 
(trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden). Board member of Kemira Oyj, the

--- Page 67 ---
64(73) 
 
International Zinc Association, the International Copper Association, ICMM and the Confederation of Swedish 
Enterprise.  
Håkan Gabrielsson 
Born 1967. Executive Vice President and CFO since 2016. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business Administration. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Åsa Jackson  
Born 1964. Executive Vice President People and Sustainability since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business and Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Stefan Romedahl 
Born 1967. President – Boliden Mines since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Geotechnology. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Boards of the Employers’ Association of the Swedish 
Mining Industry, SveMin (trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden), the mining 
council of the Geological Survey of Sweden, Euromines. 
Daniel Peltonen 
Born 1971. President – Boliden Smelters since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Chemical Technology & Industrial Economy. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Additional information on the Board and the Group Management 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board and the Group Management is c/o Boliden Mineral AB, P.O. Box 44, 
SE-101 20 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No members of the Board or Group Management of the Issuer has any private interest that might conflict with 
the Issuer’s interests. 
Auditor 
Deloitte AB (Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Issuer’s auditor since 2015. Thomas 
Strömberg, born 1966, is auditor in charge. Thomas Strömberg is an authorised public accountant and member 
of FAR, the professional institute for accountants in Sweden.

--- Page 68 ---
65(73) 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
General corporate information 
The Guarantor’s legal and commercial name is Boliden Mineral AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556231-6850 
and Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code 213800X3MEX5WPW7DI33. The registered office is at SE-936 81 
Boliden. The telephone number of the Guarantor is +46 (0)910 77 40 00. The Guarantor was incorporated in 
Sweden on 27 December 1982 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) 
on 13 July 1983. The Guarantor is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Guarantor’s Articles of Association, the object of the Guarantor’s business shall be to, directly or 
indirectly, conduct mining, concentration, metallurgic and chemical industrial business, own and manage real or 
personal property, and thereto related activities. 
Business description 
Boliden Mineral is the main operating entity of the Group and has on the date of this Base Prospectus 
approximately 3,500 employees. Boliden Mineral operates mines in the north of Sweden as well as the Rönnskär 
smelter close to Skellefteå and owns most of the groups other operating entities and also contains certain 
common functions. 
Borrowing from external lenders is typically made directly by or through Boliden Mineral and thus Boliden 
Mineral has a function of an internal bank of the Group. 
Board of directors 
Stefan Romedahl 
Born 1967. Chairman of the Boliden Mineral AB Board since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Geotechnology. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Boards of the Employers’ Association of the Swedish 
Mining Industry, SveMin (trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden), the mining 
council of the Geological Survey of Sweden, Euromines. 
Mikael Staffas 
Born 1965. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2011. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, MBA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Board of the Employers’ Association of the Swedish 
Mining Industry. Vice Chairman of Eurometaux, the Swedish Association of Industrial Employers and SveMin 
(trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden). Board member of Kemira Oyj the 
International Zinc Association, the International Copper Association, ICMM and the Confederation of Swedish 
Enterprise.  
Håkan Gabrielsson 
Born 1967. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2016. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business Administration. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Åsa Jackson  
Born 1964. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business and Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A

--- Page 69 ---
66(73) 
 
Daniel Peltonen 
Born 1971. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Chemical Technology & Industrial Economy. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Group Management 
For information on Boliden Mineral’s Group Management, see “The Group Management” in “The Issuer” 
above. 
Additional information on the Board 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board is c/o Boliden Mineral AB, P.O. Box 44, SE-101 20 Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No members of the Board of the Guarantor has any private interest that might conflict with the Issuer’s interests. 
Auditor 
For information on Boliden Mineral’s auditor, see “Auditor” in “The Issuer” above.

--- Page 70 ---
67(73) 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Information about the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by SFSA as a competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The SFSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA’s approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
Authorisation and responsibility 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the 
Notes and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. This Base Prospectus was approved by the SFSA 
on 28 March 2023. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the 
extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is currently, and may from time to time be, subject to disputes, claims and administrative proceedings 
as a part of the ordinary course of business. Save for the on-going disputes described below, the Group is not a 
party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the previous twelve months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Dam accident 
In 1998, a dam accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in Spain, which was then owned by 
Boliden’s subsidiary, Boliden Apirsa S.L. (“Apirsa”). It was established that the likely cause of the accident was 
design and construction errors in the dam. Nevertheless, Apirsa was ordered to pay approximately EUR 45 m in 
clean-up costs, damages and fines to the Spanish Ministry of the Environment. In addition, as a consequence of 
the accident, the local government (Junta de Andalucía) brought a claim against Apirsa, Boliden BV and Boliden 
for reimbursement for clean-up related costs totalling over EUR 89 m. 
In 2005, Apirsa initiated insolvency proceedings to ensure a coordinated and orderly liquidation of the company. 
The receivers in the bankruptcy requested that Apirsa’s parent company, Boliden BV, together with Boliden 
Mineral and Boliden should be held liable for Apirsa’s total deficit of just over EUR 147 m, including the above 
mentioned clean-up costs of EUR 45 m and the alleged EUR 89 m claim from the Junta de Andalucia, which is 
still pending in the court of the first instance in Seville. Boliden has not made any provisions in relation to 
Apirsa related disputes.  
Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment increased 
The Finnish tax authorities increased Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment for the years from 2012 to 2016, 
resulting in an increase in tax expenses of approximately EUR 34 m (including penalties and interest). The 
increased assessment is attributable to the period prior to Kevitsa’s acquisition by Boliden. The decision was 
appealed by Boliden, but in October 2022, the Supreme Administrative Court denied Boliden the leave to appeal 
and hence the decision is now final. 
In accordance with the provisions of the share purchase agreement, Boliden has demanded that the seller, First 
Quantum Minerals (FQM), indemnify Boliden for any losses that Boliden may incur as a result of the increased 
tax assessment. Boliden filed a lawsuit against FQM in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Canada, where 
FQM is domiciled, requiring payment from FQM under the share purchase agreement. In November 2021, the 
Ontario Superior Court of Justice ruled in Boliden’s favour. FQM has appealed this ruling to the Court of Appeal 
but the appeal was dismissed in February 2023 by the Court of Appeal, which thus upheld the decision of the 
Ontario Superior Court of Justice. A potential appeal to the last instance, the Supreme Court of Canada, requires

--- Page 71 ---
68(73) 
 
a leave to appeal, which is only given when a case involves a question of public importance. In light of these 
circumstances, no provision for any increased tax expense has been made in the financial statements. 
Certain material interests 
The Arranger has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking 
or other services for Boliden in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that the Arranger 
may be the lender under certain credit facilities with a member of the Group as borrower. Therefore, conflicts of 
interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger had previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with 
conflicting interests. 
The Arranger or its affiliates may be or become shareholders in the Issuer. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 8 March 2023, being the date of 
the publication of the last audited financial information of the Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2022, being 
the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31 December 2022 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2022, being the 
end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published. 
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are party to any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantors ability to fulfil its 
obligation under the Guarantee. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as 
part of this Base Prospectus: 
Annual Report for the Issuer for 20216 
Page 
Consolidated Income Statement 
  
71 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
71 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  
72 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   
73 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
  
74 
Notes 
  
76–103 
Auditor’s report 
  
105–109 
 
Annual Report for the Issuer for 20227 
Page 
Consolidated Income Statement 
  
71 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
71 
 
6 https://vp217.alertir.com/afw/files/press/boliden/202203086784-1.pdf. 
7 https://vp217.alertir.com/afw/files/press/boliden/202303076693-1.pdf.

--- Page 72 ---
69(73) 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  
72 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   
73 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
  
74 
Notes 
  
76–105 
Auditor’s report 
  
107–111 
 
Financial statements for the Guarantor for 20208 Page 
Income statements 
  
3 
Consolidated Statements of comprehensive income 
3 
Balance sheets 
  
4–5 
Summary of changes in equity 
  
6 
Statements of cash flow 
  
7 
Notes 
  
8–24 
Auditor’s report 
  
25–26 
 
Financial statements for the Guarantor for 20219 Page 
Income statements 
  
3 
Consolidated Statements of comprehensive income 
3 
Balance sheets 
  
4–5 
Summary of changes in equity 
  
6 
Statements of cash flow 
  
7 
Notes 
  
8–24 
Auditor’s report 
  
25–26 
 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Issuer not to 
be relevant for investors in Notes or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s Annual Reports for 2022 and 2021 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by EU and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). The Issuer’s Annual Reports for 2022 and 2021 have been audited by the 
Issuer’s auditor.  
The Guarantor’s financial statements for 2021 and 2020 have been prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted 
by EU and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act (årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). The 
Guarantor’s financial statements for 2021 and 2020 have been audited by the Guarantor’s auditor.  
Save for the financial statements above as incorporated by reference herein, no information in this Base 
Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s or Gurantor’s auditor. 
 
8 https://www.boliden.com/4957d8/globalassets/investor-relations/financials/annual-report-boliden-mineral-ab-
2020.pdf. 
9 https://www.boliden.com/4957d8/globalassets/investor-relations/financials/annual-report-boliden-mineral-ab-
2021.pdf.

--- Page 73 ---
70(73) 
 
Documents on display 
The Issuer’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at 
https://www.boliden.com/operations/about-boliden/corporate-governance for the term of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 74 ---
71(73) 
 
ADDRESSES 
 
The Issuer 
Boliden AB (publ) 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 44 
SE-101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
The Arranger 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Address: 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www.swedbank.se  
The Dealers 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Address: 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www.swedbank.se  
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial 
Address: 
SE-103 92 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 568 805 77 
www.danskebank.se  
 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige 
Address: 
SE-111 56 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Regeringsgatan 59 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 47 34 100 
www.dnb.se 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
Address: 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se 
 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
Address: 
P.O. Box 194 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Fleminggatan 20 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 61 38 300 
www.sek.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address: 
P.O. Box 850 
0900 Copenhagen C 
Denmark  
Visiting Adress:  
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 
Helsinki, Finland 
Telephone:  
+45 5547 1479/ 
1486/1487+358 9 
www.nordea.com 
Legal Advisor to the Issuer 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå  
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1711 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 595 060 00 
www.mannheimerswartling.se 
The Guarantor 
Boliden Mineral AB (publ) 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 44 
SE-101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Deloitte AB  
Postal address: 
Rehnsgatan 11 
SE-113 79 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Rehnsgatan 11 
www.deloitte.com/se

--- Page 75 ---
72(73) 
 
Central Securities Depositories 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 191 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
 
 
Visiting address:  
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
SE-111 64 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden 
 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 1174 
Sentrum, 0107 Oslo 
Norway 
Visiting address: 
Fred. Olsens gate 1 
Telephone: 
+47 22 63 53 00 
www.euronextvps.no

--- Page 76 ---
www.boliden.com