--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 31 March 2021 
 
 
LEGAL#20340929v5 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Boliden AB (publ) 
 
Base Prospectus for Swedish medium term note programme 
 
guaranteed by Boliden Mineral AB (publ) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Arranger 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
Dealers 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige  
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months after the date of the approval 
of the Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in 
the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies 
does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
Important information 
Words and expressions defined in the general terms and conditions for medium term notes (the “Terms and Conditions”) beginning 
on page 17, and, as the case may be, in the final terms, the form of which beginning on page 36 (the “Final Terms”) have the same 
meanings when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated or the context requires otherwise. 
In this Base Prospectus, the “Issuer”, the “Company” or “Boliden” means Boliden AB (publ) or, depending on the context, the 
group in which Boliden AB (publ) presently is a parent company. The “Guarantor” or “Boliden Mineral” means Boliden Mineral 
AB (publ). The “Group” means the Issuer with all its subsidiaries (including Boliden Mineral) from time to time (each a “Group 
Company”). The “Arranger” means Swedbank AB (publ). The “CSD” or “Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB. 
“SEK” refers to Swedish kronor, “EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance with the 
legislation of the European Community relating to Economic and Monetary Union, “USD” means U.S. dollars. “m” means millions 
and “k” means thousand. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a reading of the Final Terms together 
with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer and contains information about its programme for senior unsecured notes (the 
“Programme”). The Programme has been established by Boliden to constitute a framework under which the Issuer from time to 
time may issue senior unsecured notes (“Notes”) in SEK or EUR in a minimum Nominal Amount corresponding to an amount of 
EUR 100,000, and with a minimum term of one year. The payment obligations under the Notes are guaranteed by Boliden Mineral. 
The Issuer has undertaken towards the Arranger that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall not 
exceed an amount corresponding to an amount of SEK 5,000,000,000 (five billion) at any time. Boliden and the Arranger may agree 
to increase or decrease such amount. This Base Prospectus does not contain and does not constitute an offer or a solicitation to buy 
or sell Notes.  
The Base Prospectus has been approved and registered by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) (the 
“SFSA”) pursuant to Article 20 in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing 
Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”) and is valid for a period of twelve months from the day of approval.  
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out 
of or in connection with this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Swedish law, or otherwise would conflict with regulations in such 
jurisdiction. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus may come are required to inform themselves about, and comply 
with such restrictions. Any failure to comply with such restrictions may result in a violation of applicable securities regulations. The 
Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) or the 
securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction outside Sweden. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
No person has been authorised to provide any information or make any statements other than those contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Should such information or statements nevertheless be furnished, it/they must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised or approved by the Issuer and the Issuer assumes no responsibility for such information or statements. Neither the 
publication of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note implies that the information in this Base Prospectus 
is correct and current as at any date other than the date of this Base Prospectus or that there have not been any changes in the Issuer’s 
or the Group’s business since the date of this Base Prospectus. If the information in this Base Prospectus becomes subject to any 
material change, such material change will be made public in accordance with the provisions governing the publication of 
supplements to prospectuses in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must in light of its own circumstances determine the suitability of the investment.  
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and appropriate channels 
for distribution of the Notes. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take 
into consideration the target market assessment. However, a distributor subject to Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”) 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
For the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), a determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether the Arranger or any Dealer participating 
in the issue of the Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes. Neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective 
affiliates that do not participate in an issue will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect 
to future events and financial and operational performance. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on 
reasonable assumptions and expectations, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these 
forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set 
out in the forward-looking statement.

--- Page 3 ---
Table of contents 
Description of the Programme ........................................................................................................................... 1 
Risk factors ........................................................................................................................................................ 4 
Terms and Conditions ...................................................................................................................................... 18 
Form of Final Terms ........................................................................................................................................ 38 
Guarantee ......................................................................................................................................................... 43 
Business description and structure ................................................................................................................... 45 
The Issuer ......................................................................................................................................................... 47 
The Guarantor .................................................................................................................................................. 50 
Legal considerations and supplementary information ...................................................................................... 52 
Addresses ......................................................................................................................................................... 55

--- Page 4 ---
1(57) 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is a description of the Programme and is qualified in its entirety by the full Conditions included in 
the section “Terms and Conditions” and “Form of Final Terms”. 
General 
The Programme has been established by Boliden for the issuance of medium term notes in SEK or EUR. A Note 
may be issued in a minimum Nominal Amount of EUR 100,000 (or the equivalent in SEK) and with a minimum 
term of one year. MTN may be issued with fixed rate, floating rate or as zero couponing notes. The Issuer has 
undertaken towards the Dealers that the total outstanding Nominal Amount of Notes under the Programme shall 
not exceed SEK 5,000,000,000 at any time. The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such 
amount. 
The Issuer has appointed Swedbank AB (publ) as Arranger, and Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, 
DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Aktiebolaget 
Svensk Exportkredit (publ)1 and Swedbank AB (publ) as Dealers, in respect of the Programme. Further Dealers 
may be appointed. 
Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme will be governed by the Terms and Conditions as well as the applicable Final 
Terms. The Terms and Conditions are standardised and apply to all Notes issued under the Programme. For each 
Loan, Final Terms are prepared that include supplementary terms and conditions for the relevant Loan. 
Applicable Final Terms must therefore be read in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms 
will be submitted to the SFSA and published on the webpage of the Issuer. Any amendments (other than 
adjustments to clear and obvious errors) to the Terms and Conditions will not be effective to Notes issued prior 
to such amendment, unless a Noteholders’ Meeting resolves otherwise. 
Form of Notes 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised book-entry form and registered on a Securities Account (maintained with 
Euroclear Sweden) on behalf of the relevant Noteholder. Hence, no physical notes will be issued. Notes will be 
registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (lagen (1998:1479) om 
värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella instrument). Registration requests relating to Notes shall 
be directed to an Account Operator. 
Status of Notes 
Upon issuance, Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured debt obligations of the 
Issuer and rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and shall rank at least pari passu with 
all other present and future unsubordinated and unsecured obligations (except those obligations preferred by law) 
of the Issuer. 
Pricing and interest 
The Pricing of the MTN cannot be established in advance but set in connection with the relevant issue on the 
bases of the prevailing market conditions. MTN may be issued at a price below or exceeding the relevant 
Nominal Amount. The interest (if any) applicable to MTN depends on several factors, one of which is the 
interest applicable to other investments with a corresponding term. Interest (if any) may be set at a floating 
interest rate based on EURIBOR or STIBOR, plus a margin, or at a fixed interest rate. 
Admission to trading  
Notes issued may be listed on a Regulated Market. If relevant, any intended listing of Notes will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. The estimated costs associated with such listing will also be set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. Although the Issuer has undertaken to apply for registration on a Regulated Market for Loans 
which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, and, as long as permitted 
under applicable laws and regulations, to take any measures that may be required to maintain the admission as 
long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, there is no assurance that such application will be accepted, that Notes 
will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. 
 
1 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 5 ---
2(57) 
 
Prescription 
Claims for the repayment of the principal of Notes will be prescribed and become void ten (10) years after the 
Maturity Date. Claims for the payment of interest will be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the 
relevant Interest Payment Date. Upon prescription, the Issuer will be entitled to keep any funds that may have 
been reserved for such payments. 
If the prescription period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish Limitations Act (preskriptionslagen 
(1981:130)) a new prescription period of ten years will commence for claims in respect of principal and three 
years for claims in respect of interest amounts, in both cases calculated from the day indicated by provisions laid 
down in the Swedish Limitations Act concerning the effect of an interruption in the limitation period. 
Governing law 
The Loan Terms and any non-contractual obligations issues which arise in connection therewith, shall be 
governed by the laws of Sweden. Disputes shall be settled by Swedish courts. The Stockholm District Court 
(Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first instance. 
Product description 
Interest structures 
Notes issued under the Programme may have a fixed or floating interest rate. The interest structure applicable to 
a specific Loan will be stated in the Final Terms. Below is a short description of the available interest structures. 
Fixed interest rate 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify fixed interest rate as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear interest on 
its Nominal Amount at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and 
including the Maturity Date. 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360 and paid in 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the first following 
day that is a Business Day. Day Count Convention 30/360 means that the amount is to be calculated based on a 
year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each consisting of 30 days and, in the event of a partial month, 
the actual number of days which have elapsed in the month. Interest is calculated and payable, however, only up 
to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
Floating interest rate (FRN) 
If the relevant Final Terms of a Loan specify ‘floating interest rate’ as applicable to it, the Loan shall bear 
interest on its Nominal Amount from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to and including the 
Maturity Date. 
The Interest Rate applicable to each respective Interest Period shall, when possible, be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin 
for the relevant period. The relevant Interest Base Margin will be set out in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Base Rate will be either of EURIBOR and STIBOR (as defined in the Terms and Conditions). 
Interest accrued during an Interest Period is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360 and paid in 
arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date or, to the extent such day is not a Business Day, the Interest 
Payment Date shall instead be the next Business Day provided that such Business Day does not fall in the new 
calendar month, in which case the Interest Payment Date shall be the preceding Business Day. Interest is 
calculated and payable up to and including each relevant Interest Payment Date. 
Zero Coupon 
Zero Coupon Loans do not bear interest. 
European Benchmarks Regulation 
Interest payable for Notes issued under the Programme may be calculated by reference to certain benchmarks, 
being EURIBOR and STIBOR, as defined in the Terms and Conditions. The benchmarks are provided by the 
European Money Market Institute (EURIBOR) and the Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility(a subsidiary of 
Global Rate Set Systems) (STIBOR). At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Swedish Financial Benchmark 
Facility is not registered as an administrator in the register provided by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in

--- Page 6 ---
3(57) 
 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the “Benchmarks Regulation”). The European Money Market Institute was registered 2 July 2019.  
Repayment of Loans and payment of interest 
Repayment at maturity 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount including interest (if applicable) on the Maturity Date as 
set out in the relevant Final Terms. Interest shall be paid on each Interest Payment Date set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. If the due date in respect of a repayment or payment (other than interest) falls on a day which is not 
a Business Day, the Loan is not repaid until the following Business Day (and, in respect of interest, as set out 
above in section “Interest structures”).  
Repurchase of Notes by the Issuer  
Following agreement with the Noteholder, the Company may repurchase MTN from time to time provided that 
repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN owned by the Company may, in the discretion of the 
Company, be retained, transferred, or redeemed. 
Mandatory repurchase 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by the Noteholder in 
accordance with the Terms and Conditions, provided that (i) the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to 
trading on the Regulated Market at Nasdaq Stockholm; or (ii) an event, or series of events, occurs which leads to 
a natural or legal person, itself or together with a closely associated person as set forth in the Stock Market 
(Takeover Bids) Act (lagen (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden på aktiemarknaden), directly or 
indirectly, at any time acquiring or otherwise controlling more than 50% of the shares or votes in the Company. 
Termination of Loans 
The Calculation Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued interest (if any), 
immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (as 
applicable) decides, upon the occurrence of any circumstance stated in section 10.2 in the Terms and Conditions 
and if: 
i. 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
ii. 
so demanded in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of demand, represent not less than 1/10 of the 
total outstanding Nominal Amount for the relevant Loan. Upon demand, a Noteholder shall provide 
evidence that the Noteholder is a Noteholder on the relevant Business Day. Demand for acceleration 
may only be made by a Noteholder who alone represents 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount 
or jointly by Noteholders who, together, represent 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount on the 
relevant Business Day.

--- Page 7 ---
4(57) 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In this section, material risk factors are illustrated and discussed, including Boliden’s market and industry risks, 
operational risks, financial risks, legal risks as well as risks relating to the Notes. Boliden’s assessment of the 
materiality of each risk factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of 
their negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available and estimates 
made on the date of this Base Prospectus. The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material 
risk factors in a category are presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category 
are not ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be categorised in 
more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most relevant category for such risk 
factor. 
Risks relating to Boliden and the Group 
Market and industry risks 
Risks related to commodity prices 
Boliden’s revenues derive primarily from the sale of metals, as refined and non-refined products like 
concentrates and intermediate metal products, and charges for treating raw materials and refining the valuable 
metals into refined metals (treatment and refining charges). Boliden’s profits are thus directly linked to the price 
of relevant metals and magnitude of the charges. Metal prices and raw material charges are volatile and cyclical, 
and may fluctuate widely depending on supply and demand. Such prices and charges have also fluctuated during 
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic. The pricing terms for Boliden’s metals are primarily determined on commodity 
exchanges such as the London Metal Exchange (“LME”) for base metals, the London Bullion Market 
Association (“LBMA”) for precious and platinum group metals, and the currency and money market. Gold, 
silver, platinum and palladium prices are set on the LBMA, while copper, lead, nickel and zinc prices are set on 
the LME. Metal customers pay the metal price plus normally a premium, which comprises surcharges whose 
levels are determined by the regional market balance between metal demand and supply, product customisation 
costs, transport costs and payment terms. Raw material treatment and refining charges are a function of supply 
and demand. For copper, lead and zinc concentrates, Boliden follows the global benchmark charges. Boliden’s 
products are largely priced in USD and costs are mainly in SEK/EUR/NOK. Fluctuations in the 
USD/SEK/EUR/NOK exchange rates thus have a significant impact on Boliden’s profits and cash flow, 
particularly since individual sales transactions may represent significant amounts (see further “Currency risk” 
below). In 2020, a change in metal prices by +/- 10% on zinc, copper, gold, silver, lead and nickel would (based 
on forecast sales for the coming twelve months) have affected Boliden’s operating profit by +/- SEK 760 m, 
SEK 815 m, SEK 390 m, SEK 270 m, SEK 130 m and SEK 230 m, respectively.  
Commodity price volatility is caused by numerous factors, such as the business cycle as well as changes to 
global metals demand and supply and factors that impact the trade flow between countries and regions. 
Commodity prices are also affected by general economic development, and in weaker economic markets, 
commodity prices have often reached a low point when they equate to the cash cost level for high-cost 
producers. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, commodity prices have fluctuated significantly. The 
Group is not, nor is it currently contemplating, hedging all commodity risk that might arise from its operations 
(including, but not limited to, maintenance of inventories required for optimal smelting processes). Therefore, in 
respect of its exposure to any commodity risk that is (i) hedged but such hedging transpires to be imperfect or 
insufficient; and (ii) not hedged, if the market prices of metal produced by the Group fall below the Group’s total 
production costs (including the cost of externally purchased raw materials), and remain at this level for any 
sustained period, it would have a material adverse impact on the Group’s profitability and results. 
Furthermore, the Group purchases metals in raw materials as concentrates and secondary raw materials, which it 
processes into refined metals, and where the acquisition value of the metals in raw materials as well as the 
exchange rates may differ from the final sales value. Such differences arise as a result of variations in quantities 
purchased, processed and sold over time. When Boliden undertakes to participate in a transaction at a fixed value 
and that is not compensated for by a simultaneous opposite transaction of a corresponding size and nature, a 
transaction risk arises. Some customers are offered fixed prices in different currencies that are sometimes set 
well in advance of delivery. Accordingly, the Group may suffer financial losses in the event of a negative 
commodity price or currency development.

--- Page 8 ---
5(57) 
 
Macro-economic and political risks 
Boliden’s market is global, where prices are set by the global supply and demand balance, while Boliden’s 
metals and products are sold predominantly in Europe. Accordingly, the Group is affected by macro-economic 
factors and international, national and regional economic conditions. Economic downturns and uncertainty in the 
international financial markets may affect the financial position of customers and suppliers and thus impact their 
ability to conduct business with the Group. Other factors that impact demand for metals and which consequently 
impact pricing include technical developments and new inventions, population growth, urbanisation, industrial 
activity levels, investments in infrastructure and automotive market trends. Furthermore, the smelting industry is 
sensitive to impacts on supply and demand in the metal concentrates market as it is a key determining factor in 
treatment and refining charges, which make up a significant part of smelters’ gross profit. Significant 
deterioration in the global economy or decreases in demand for the Group’s products would have a material 
adverse impact on the Group’s operations, financial position and results. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material adverse effect on the global economy, on 
production at metal consuming industries and thus demand from the industrial sector. Moreover, directives from 
a number of national authorities to stop or reduce operations in the mining industry to halt the spread of the 
pandemic has reduced the supply of concentrates. The COVID-19 pandemic also entails a degree of uncertainty 
regarding market conditions and trends, cash flows and the implementation of Boliden’s planned investments. 
The financial and operational outcome of the COVID-19 pandemic is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to 
Boliden and the mining and smelting industry. 
The Group operates and owns assets in several countries and, as a result, is exposed to various political 
environments and risks. Political decisions, such as changes to different types of taxes, costs related to the 
carbon footprint, reclamation management, licensing processes, recycling requirements, and environmental and 
climate regulations, can have an impact in Sweden and the countries in which Boliden and its business partners 
operate. For example, any future taxes or other measures taken by any state or any other party as regards the 
carbon footprint may impact the price of raw materials purchased by Boliden in the market or sales of metals and 
other products. Such taxes or other costs may also impact Boliden through its purchasing of electricity and fuels.  
Moreover, there are uncertainties as to the current political climate globally, including introduction of duties and 
other measures by the U.S. administration, which could impact the global economy and thus the markets where 
the Group operates. Furthermore, the short- and long-term effects of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the 
EU, which among other things entails risks to transport flows in Europe, potential customs tariffs, duties or 
administrative requirements on marking and marketing of products, and uncertainty pertaining to sales on the 
LME, are uncertain and could have unpredictable consequences and adversely affect the business of Boliden. 
The degree to which macro-economic and political factors may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a 
significant risk to its operations. 
Customer-related risks 
Boliden operates both mines and smelters; selling raw materials from its mines to primarily its own smelters and 
selling metals produced by its smelters. Boliden’s metals are sold to industrial customers, primarily in the 
automotive, steel and construction industry, but some also to base metal traders. Accordingly, the Group 
generates a significant portion of its revenue from sales to industrial customers. In particular, significant reliance 
is placed on a small number of large copper customers. Boliden has three customers within segment Smelters 
who, in 2020, accounted for 20%, 11% and 5%, respectively of Boliden’s external revenue. There is a risk that, 
on expiration, existing contracts will not be renewed, resulting in either (i) increased sales via traders or over the 
LME, at the daily spot or forward rates, which could be less than rates agreed with industrial customers; or (ii) 
the need to enter into replacement contracts with new customers who may be located further away, thus giving 
rise to increased transportation costs.  
Boliden’s product portfolio comprises copper, zinc, lead, nickel matte, gold, silver and platinum and palladium 
concentrates, together with a number of by-products. Boliden also offers a variety of different lead and zinc 
alloys that are customised in line with different customers’ requirements. Furthermore, reduced sales to 
industrial customers in Europe means that the Group will be required to sell larger volumes via traders or the 
LME, with slightly lower margins as a result. For example, during the COVID-19 pandemic, the share of sales to 
traders have increased, due to decreased demand from the industrial sector. Accordingly, significant decrease in 
sales to industrial customers, or a loss of a customer who accounts for a large part of the Group’s revenue, would 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operations, financial position and results. The ability to sell 
sulphuric acid in the market and ability to store sulphuric acid may negatively impact Boliden’s ability to 
maintain production.

--- Page 9 ---
6(57) 
 
Risks related to supply of raw materials and energy 
Boliden sources concentrates from mines globally, and uses external suppliers to supplement its own production 
to enable its smelters to produce at high levels of capacity utilisation and ensure consistent quality. Accordingly, 
a stable and reliable supply of raw materials such as copper, zinc and nickel concentrates, and secondary raw 
materials such as electronic scrap or used lead batteries, is crucial for Boliden’s operations. The Group is 
exposed to both price and supply risk with respect to raw materials sourced from the global market. In 2020, the 
Group’s raw material costs (including inventory) totalled SEK 25,544 m. Furthermore in 2020, the Group’s 
mined concentrate feed (primary material) used in its operations totalled 2,463 ktonnes. Significant increases in 
prices on raw materials and concentrate feed thus adversely affect Boliden’s operating costs and thereby its 
results. If there is a shortage of concentrate in Boliden’s internal concentrate supply, Boliden may be in a 
situation where a larger proportion of total concentrate need has to be purchased externally, through traders or in 
the spot market in order to maintain metal production levels. Even though the internal feed is purchased on 
market terms, the terms on which externally supplied concentrates can be purchased may be less favourable 
compared to annual contracts, or may render higher transportation costs. Therefore, if internal sourcing of 
concentrates declines significantly, the profitability of Boliden’s smelters may be impacted substantially 
negatively.  
Furthermore, treatment and refining charges make up a large part of the smelters’ gross profit and are determined 
by the supply/demand of concentrates and the processing abilities of the smelters, being able to treat more 
complex concentrates, having chemical or physical characteristics leading to lower market liquidity. There is a 
risk that the Group does not have access to adequate concentrates in the market at competitive terms, which 
could lead to lower smelter production capacity utilisation, thus having a negative impact on the Group’s 
earnings. For example, as a consequence of the COVID-19 pandemic, during the second quarter 2020, global 
smelting production was negatively affected by a lack of concentrate and restrictions aimed at curbing the 
pandemic. Also the output of nickel ore in Indonesia and the Philippines used in the production of Nickel Pig 
Iron was lower during the second quarter 2020 due to measures taken to curb COVID-19. Failure by external and 
internal suppliers to supply raw materials in the amounts required or with the qualities that make up the most 
efficient mix for the Group’s smelters or on reasonable terms may require the Group to source alternative 
supplies or amend production, which could result in lower output quantities, thus adversely affecting the 
production and profitability in Boliden’s smelting operations.  
Moreover, smelters are energy-intensive operations, which means that stable access to electricity is crucial. The 
Group’s costs for energy totalled SEK 2,994 m in 2020, corresponding to approximately 14% of its operating 
costs (10% for Mines and 19% for Smelters). Accordingly, as energy costs continue to be a significant part of the 
Group’s total production costs, the Group is exposed to the risk of reduced profitability and disruptions in 
operations if long-term agreements at attractive prices cannot be secured, if the cost of energy increases 
significantly or in the event of shortages in supply. Hence, significant increases in energy costs or shortages in 
supply of energy would adversely impact the Group’s, operations, financial position and results. 
Risks related to increased competition  
Boliden’s industry is characterised by strong competition. The Group competes with other mining and smelting 
companies and traders, many of whom have larger financial resources. These companies may also expand and 
diversify their commodity sourcing, processing or marketing operations or engage in pricing or other financial or 
operational practices that could increase competitive pressure on the Group across each of its business segments 
(including the search for and acquisition of mineral rich property). Boliden’s operations are concentrated to the 
northern half of Europe, entailing longer and more expensive transportations for part of both raw materials and 
sale of produced metals, which could lead to certain disadvantages compared to other mines and smelters that 
may be more well positioned geographically, i.e. closer to suppliers and customers.  
Boliden competes both with large international global mining companies such as Glencore, Anglo American, 
Antofagasta and BHP Billiton, and mid-sized and smaller mining companies such as Lundin Mining. Boliden 
also competes with smelting companies in purchasing of concentrates and metal sales, such as Glencore, Aurubis 
and Nyrstar. In addition, there has been a rapid growth in copper smelter construction over the past 10–15 years, 
particularly in China, and as a result, a global overcapacity has arisen, thus increasing the competition within the 
relevant industry segment. Moreover, in sales of sulphuric acid, there is a risk that demand locally and regionally 
does not match the Group’s production, and that volumes have to be shipped on the international market at a 
certain cost. If the international market demand is low, there is also a risk that smelters have to store sulphuric 
acid, which can only be stored for a limited period of time, at a certain cost. A situation with persistently low 
sulphuric acid demand could also lead to a need to reduce the smelter production, which would have a negative

--- Page 10 ---
7(57) 
 
impact on the Group’s earnings. The degree to which competition may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a 
significant risk to the Group’s ability to maintain profitable pricing, retain market shares and expand operations. 
Operational risks 
Health and safety-related risks 
Boliden handles large material flows, both below and above ground. Employees and contractors are periodically 
exposed to heavy machinery and lifting, to high temperatures and to substances that are hazardous to health. 
Deviations from established health and safety routines or inadequate maintenance risk creating dangerous 
situations and increase the risk of personal injury. In 2020, the number of accidents leading to absence from 
work per one million hours worked (LTI frequency) was 5.8 for Boliden’s own personnel and contractors. 
Furthermore, the sick leave rate averaged 4.8% during 2020. For example, in February 2020, smoke 
development was caused by a work machine in Boliden’s mine in Garpenberg, as a consequence of which 130 
employees who were underground were evacuated in accordance with routines to the rescue chambers. In 
addition, in May 2020, a fire occurred at the Kevitsa mine (where no persons were injured) (see “Risks related to 
unplanned stoppages and maintenance shutdowns” below). Moreover, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in 
increased sick leave and short-term absence, which has affected production and earnings negatively. For 
example, in the first quarter 2021, in Aitik, an increased spread of COVID-19 and associated sick leave meant 
that mine production was not able to be fully maintained. Also in Tara, increased absenteeism due to COVID-19 
during the first quarter 2021 had a negative effect on production. Accordingly, if Boliden fails to reduce the risk 
of accidents or is unsuccessful in preventing accidents and rehabilitating employees in conjunction with ill 
health, it would adversely affect its operations and profits. 
The occurrence of health and safety-related risks and the costs associated with remediating them (including 
prevention measures, restoration of own or third party property, compensation to third parties for loss and/or 
payment of fines or damages, loss of production or affecting operating permits) could adversely impact the 
Group’s operations, financial position and results. Health and safety-related events may also lead to property or 
environmental damage at any of the Group’s facilities or surrounding areas. Such events may also harm 
Boliden’s reputation, both as an industrial player and as an employer, undermining various stakeholders’ 
confidence in the Group’s safety and work environment efforts. The degree to which health and safety-related 
risks may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s operations and reputation. 
Environmental and climate risks 
Boliden’s operations have an environmental impact through the use of land and water and the emission of green-
house gases, nitrogen and through discharge of metals and other contaminants into air, water and land/soil. The 
extraction of metals also creates waste products that must be processed or disposed of safely, both during 
ongoing operations and after decommissioned operations. Mining and smelting operations are subject to rigorous 
environmental permit requirements, established by regulatory authorities and courts of law. Accordingly, 
Boliden’s various operations are widely subject to licensing requirements and to wide-ranging environmental 
and other regulations. 
Furthermore, external environmental risks, changes to regulations and environmental related taxes, such as 
requirements relating to CO2 emissions from production processes, may affect the Group. For example, the EU’s 
Emissions Trading System scheme, under which Boliden has been allocated a number of quotas setting the 
allowed amount of CO2 emissions per year, may require the Group to purchase allowances (exchangeable 
quotas), if certain levels of CO2 emissions are exceeded. This may result in cost increases and put Boliden at a 
competitive disadvantage in relation to non-EU competitors, since Boliden may be required to incur costs for 
acquiring allowances that non-EU competitors do not have to acquire. Boliden is subject to environmental 
regulations, such as the EU Industrial Emissions Directive (2010/75/EU), the EU Mining Waste Directive 
(2006/21/EC), the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS) Directive and the REACH regulation (EC 
1907/2006). Environmental regulations, limits and quotas may require the Group to temporarily decrease its 
production levels or lead to increased costs or delays, whereas non-compliance with such regulations and 
restrictions may lead to fines, sanctions and increased costs, thus adversely impacting the Group’s operations and 
results. 
In addition, climate change can increase the risk of more extreme weather events. Changes in precipitation might 
lead to heavier snowfall or flooding that can affect open pit mining operations. Flooding and changes in 
groundwater levels could impact Boliden’s operations. Higher (or lower) temperatures and storms in the future 
might also have negative implications on Boliden’s operations, increasing the need to reinforce dams and 
introduce further measures to limit dust emissions.

--- Page 11 ---
8(57) 
 
Boliden is responsible for approximately 40 dam facilities that are either currently in use, or decommissioned, to 
store tailings sand or other waste and for water management. Tailings ponds account for one of the risk scenarios 
for the mining industry. The risks comprise both the environmental impact when a dam is constructed and the 
risk of a dam failure. For example, in 1998, a dam accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in 
Spain, which was then owned by Boliden’s subsidiary, Boliden Apirsa S.L. (“Apirsa”). It was established that 
the likely cause of the accident was design and construction errors by the building companies. Nevertheless, 
various legal proceedings are still pending in Spain in order to determine the liability for certain costs associated 
with the accident, totalling approximately EUR 142 m in relation to which Boliden has not made any provisions. 
Environmental risks may have a material adverse effect on Boliden’s operations, financial position and results. 
Boliden is dependent on the supply of goods and services and maintaining an adequate 
infrastructure 
Boliden’s mining, processing and exploration activities depend on an adequate infrastructure. Water and 
electricity supply, as well as reliable transport infrastructure and services are essential for the conduct of the 
operations (including the transportation of raw materials, assets and commodities between the mine, the smelter, 
own and external and the end-user) and the availability and cost of this infrastructure affects capital and 
operating costs. Interference with this infrastructure may adversely impact the Group’s ability to conduct 
operations and increase its costs. For example, during the third quarter 2019, deliveries of lead from the Tara 
mine in Ireland were delayed due the Dublin harbour being under reconstruction. Moreover, deliveries to the 
Rönnskär smelter were delayed due to disruptions in rail traffic. This resulted in high concentrate stocks, which 
adversely affected cash flows in the quarter (free cash flow totalled SEK -653 m compared to SEK 822 m in the 
corresponding quarter 2018). The COVID-19 pandemic has also resulted in logistics and transportation 
challenges for the Group. For example, truck deliveries have been delayed from Kevitsa to Aitik due to logistics 
problems related to COVID-19. The availability of spare parts and raw materials has also been negatively 
affected. 
Furthermore, the Group may be required to make significant investments in its infrastructure in order to comply 
with, and be proactive in terms of expected changes to, environmental and climate regulations, for example, to 
remain within permitted CO2-emission levels. For example, in 2018, Boliden decided to invest almost SEK 900 
m in new “electric-ready” mine trucks for the Kevitsa and Aitik mines, and, in 2019, Boliden decided to invest 
an additional SEK 300 m with the aim of expanding electrified transportation in Aitik and implementing the 
corresponding technology in Kevitsa. Moreover, in 2020, Boliden decided to invest EUR 40 m in an expansion 
of its nickel operations at the Harjavalta smelter, which means that Harjavalta’s carbon dioxide intensity per 
tonne of nickel produced will decrease by 15–20%. Maintaining and developing an adequate infrastructure that 
complies with environmental regulations and sustainability priorities may thus be costly and require substantial 
capital expenditures. 
In order to conduct its business and maintain an adequate infrastructure, Boliden is dependent on a timely supply 
of a variety of goods and services. Boliden has a total of around 6,100 suppliers. Boliden’s purchasing volumes, 
excluding concentrate purchases, totalled SEK 17.4 billion in 2020, with Mines and Smelters accounting for 
59% and 41%, respectively, of this total. For most of Boliden’s purchasing categories, the costs increased in 
2020. For example, with respect to services (representing 28% of the Group’s purchasing volumes in 2020), 
prices have risen in the consultancy market. Within the Bulk goods & chemicals category (representing 14% of 
the Group’s purchasing volumes in 2020), including fuels, coal, coke and sodium hydroxide prices increased 
overall in 2020. The cost of transport services has increased due to for example higher fuel prices, taxes and 
charges. If the costs of goods and services continue to increase without corresponding price increases of 
Boliden’s products, it would adversely affect the Group’s operating costs and thereby its profitability. 
Boliden can also be negatively affected if an important supplier is lost, which can occur if a supplier runs into 
financial difficulties or for other reasons ceases in its supply, or if a supplier needs to be terminated due to non-
compliance with laws, regulations, code of conduct or other applicable reason and a replacement cannot be 
arranged without undue delay. There is a risk that Boliden in such cases will not be able to contract a new 
supplier on reasonable time or at similar costs, which would adversely affect the Group’s operations.  
Risks related to unplanned stoppages and maintenance shutdowns 
Boliden’s business is subject to numerous operating risks and hazards normally associated with the mining and 
smelting industries. The Group’s production essentially comprises continuous processes, and planned as well as 
unplanned stoppages and maintenance shutdowns can affect production, emissions and discharges and 
consequently financial results.

--- Page 12 ---
9(57) 
 
Major maintenance shutdowns are planned and carried out generally every one and a half to every second year 
within the smelting operations. In addition, maintenance is, albeit conducted on a less comprehensive scale, an 
integral part of day-to-day operations for the mines. There is a risk that planned maintenance shutdowns take 
longer time than expected or become more expensive than estimated, thus negatively affecting the Group’s 
operations and results. For example, during the third quarter 2020, an extensive maintenance shutdown was 
carried out in Aitik, where the ore conveyor belt from the mine’s high-grade area and the mill liner in the 
concentrator were replaced. Disruptions occurred in connection with startup after the shutdown. Furthermore, 
unplanned stoppages could occur due to, for example, technical problems, fires, accidents, strikes, or 
breakdowns caused by lack of or inadequate maintenance. As an example, in May 2020, a fire occurred in the 
building for primary crushing in Boliden’s mine in Kevitsa. Damage to the heavy equipment such as crusher and 
feeder was limited, while there was extensive damage to the electrical and ventilation systems. The repairs took 
two to three months, and the total effect on earnings associated with the fire in Kevitsa was SEK -130 m. In 
addition, during the first quarter 2020, a breakdown on an ore conveyor belt caused an unplanned 16-day 
production stop in the Tara mine in the middle of the quarter. Production stopped again on 28 March 2020 as a 
result of restrictions introduced by the Irish government as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Following 
discussions with the authorities and union representatives regarding precautionary measures to prevent the 
spread of the virus, production was resumed on 2 April 2020. Moreover, in March 2021, hydraulic problems in 
one out of two primary mills in the concentrator plant led to production disruptions in Aitik, and in Tara, a 
breakdown of the ore hoist occurred in the mine, which caused a halt in mining production. Unplanned stoppages 
may have a negative impact on production and thus adversely affect the Group’s operations and results.  
The COVID-19 pandemic has led to a change in the maintenance shutdown schedule with major shutdowns 
having taken place in the second half of 2020 instead of spread out during the year. As a consequence, there is a 
risk of further delays in the maintenance shutdown schedule and increased costs due to limited capacity among 
suppliers. In the second quarter 2020, planned maintenance shutdown affected earnings negatively by SEK 25 m. 
In the third quarter 2020, planned maintenance shutdowns affected earnings negatively by SEK 220 m. In the 
fourth quarter 2020, planned maintenance shutdowns affected earnings negatively SEK 100 m. Accordingly, 
unplanned stoppages, breakdowns and maintenance shutdowns adversely affect the production at mines and 
smelters, thus negatively impacting earnings and profitability. 
IT related risks 
Boliden’s mining and smelter processes are highly automated and IT dependent in terms of process control, 
monitoring, logistic planning and trading. IT incidents may lead to unplanned stoppages and maintenance 
shutdowns, and are unpredictable in terms of recovery times. For example, an encryption of a system may cause 
multiple shut downs, i.e. encompassing more than one site. IT incidents may also spread to businesses elsewhere 
and therefore present a significant risk to the Group. Moreover, a logistic system shut down may hinder Boliden 
from shipping goods to customers. Such logistic delays would negatively affect Boliden’s reputation and 
confidence amongst customers. IT attacks, errors and damage to IT systems, operational disruptions, defective or 
incorrect deliveries of IT services from Boliden’s IT providers are other risk factors in this regard. The degree to 
which IT related risks may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s business and 
results of operations. 
Employee-related risks 
Boliden’s operations are complex and technically advanced. Consequently, mines and smelters require 
committed and creative employees with specific expertise in a number of areas. A comprehensive technology 
shift towards automation is currently taking place within Boliden, generating requirements for employees to 
work with innovation and technological development in many different areas. The conditions for Boliden to 
recruit, develop, retain and replace appropriately skilled employees are affected by global competition for 
relevant and skilled labour as well as the current employee age distribution across the Group. A large number of 
Boliden’s employees will retire over the next few years, at the same time as technology will develop through 
digitalisation and the competition for skilled manpower is increasing in many of the areas in which Boliden 
operates. The shortage of people with relevant training and experience increases the difficulty of recruitment 
work. Such shortages may also require Boliden to increase its salaries, which, in 2020 (including other 
remuneration and social security expenses) amounted to SEK 3,899 m. Failure to meet the challenges related to a 
predominantly senior workforce could impact the Group’s ability to run the operations effectively, which would 
adversely impact the Group’s competitiveness and profitability. 
As of 31 December 2020, Boliden had 6,071 employees in eight countries. Many of the Group’s employees are 
represented by trade union organisations under various collective labour agreements. The Group may not be able

--- Page 13 ---
10(57) 
 
to satisfactorily renegotiate its collective labour agreements when they expire and may face tougher negotiation 
or higher wage demands. In addition, existing labour agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage in 
the future. A failure to renegotiate labour agreements on reasonable terms and a failure to maintain positive 
employee relations could adversely impact the Group’s reputation, operations, financial position and results. For 
example, in December 2019, the Finnish Industrial Union launched industrial actions at national level that 
affected Boliden’s copper and nickel smelter in Harjavalta, the zinc smelter in Kokkola and the nickel and 
copper mine in Kevitsa. The zinc smelter in Kokkola was also affected by industrial actions taken by 
electricians. The industrial actions had a negative impact on operating profits amounting to approximately EUR 
10 m. Industrial measures may also be taken by employees by way of solidary actions in order to support strikes 
initiated by other unionised employees, thus adversely affecting Boliden’s operations even if Boliden as an 
employer is not involved. 
Risks related to access to land and water 
Boliden’s operations utilise land (the Group manages approximately 24,800 hectares of forests and land) for 
exploration, mining, concentrating, smelter operations and transport. Accordingly, access to land is fundamental 
for Boliden’s ability to carry out exploration and conduct mining and smelting operations. In order to continue or 
expand its operations, the Group may need, from time to time, access to new land for production facilities, waste 
facilities or for infrastructure or other activities. Such access may also be required to waterbodies. Water is also 
essential as a resource in the production, for example as a cooling agent or as a medium in the ore concentration 
process. Such required access to land or water may sometimes not be obtainable on reasonable terms. Failure to 
procure necessary access to land or water or access at costs higher than anticipated could adversely impact the 
Group’s expansion opportunities and operational costs.  
Access to land or water may also be in conflict with other competing interests (such as environmental 
conservation interests, the interests of indigenous people and competing exploitation interests). Violation of such 
interests may thus harm Boliden’s reputation and lead to penalties and fines or to Boliden being prevented from 
starting up or proceeding with certain operations. 
The Group’s operations can also have an impact on local communities, including the need, from time to time, to 
relocate communities or infrastructure such as railways, roads and utility services. For example, a future 
expansion of production at the Aitik mine (Sweden’s largest open pit copper mine with ore that contains copper, 
gold and silver, located in Gällivare municipality in northern Sweden), will require relocation of the villages 
Liikavaara and Sakajärvi and the E10 road. Relocation of communities and infrastructure may lead to negative 
publicity and deterioration in relationships with local communities, government and non-governmental 
organisations, which may adversely impact the Group’s reputation and ability to expand its operations.  
Risks related to Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves 
Mineral Reserves are those parts of a mineral resource that can be mined and processed in accordance with the 
Group’s profitability requirements and taking into account factors such as waste rock dilution. The percentage of 
metal in an ore that can be extracted in the concentration process is transferred to Mineral Reserves and thus 
eliminated from the Mineral Resources. Mineral Reserves are divided into two categories: probable Mineral 
Reserves and proven Mineral Reserves. Mineral Resources are a concentration of minerals in the bedrock that 
may become commercially extractable. Mineral Resources are divided into three categories: inferred Mineral 
Resources, indicated Mineral Resources and measured Mineral Resources. 
Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves are the basis for the future viability of a mining company’s operations. 
They form the basis for the mines’ long-term plans and are the underlying data for many of the Group’s major 
investments. Mineral Reserves are reduced every year through mining activities, and need to be replaced by new 
additions in order to maintain the operations over time. Accordingly, sufficient Mineral Resources and Reserves 
in the Group’s mines to secure production for many years are crucial for the mining operations. In 2020, the 
Group’s Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves totalled 1,644 megatonnes and 1,602 megatonnes, 
respectively. Some of the mine areas have shorter life spans or other complexities, such as the Boliden Area, 
where the mines have secured lifespans of between 7 and 10 years (and where the Maurliden open pit was mined 
for the last time in April 2019). Also the Kylylahti mine, located in the mining district of Outokumpu in Finland, 
has short-term remaining Mineral Reserves. A lack of sufficient Mineral Resources and Reserves will have a 
material adverse effect on the Group’s future mining operations and prospects. 
The Group’s mineral resources and ore reserves have been estimated and compiled in accordance with applicable 
rules and regulations. The estimates are subject to a number of assumptions such as the price of commodities, 
production costs, recovery rates, extraction levels, other geological aspects and numerous additional factors.

--- Page 14 ---
11(57) 
 
Fluctuations in the variables underlying the Group’s estimates may result in changes to the Group’s mineral 
resources and ore reserves. Accordingly, if the Group’s mineral resources and ore reserve are less than currently 
estimated, it may have an adverse impact the Group’s financial position and results. 
Exploration and geological risks 
Considering that all mines have limited lifespans, successful exploration is the key to all mining operations. 
Boliden’s exploration work focuses on identifying and upgrading mineralisation in the vicinity of existing 
mining operations. Exploration includes flight measurements, rock surface finds and geophysical and seismic 
methods, where core drilling is the final stage in confirming a mineralisation. As of 31 December 2020, the 
Group’s exploration rights totalled SEK 244 m.  
Since exploration and development programmes require permissions, the possibility of discovering new 
resources and bringing new mines into production may be impacted by decisions by governments, courts, 
authorities and other parties. Exploration and development programmes are by their nature costly, uncertain and 
often unproductive, but are necessary for the Group’s business and ability to add mineral resources and ore 
reserve. The permission to perform exploration work may be negatively impacted by decisions taken by 
governments, courts, authorities and other parties. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, Boliden has experienced 
delays in certain exploration activities, where, for example, exploration of Tara Deep in Ireland is estimated to 
have been delayed around 4 months. Failure to discover (or acquire) new reserves, to maintain the Group’s 
existing mineral rights, to enhance existing reserves or to extract resources from such reserves may adversely 
impact the Group’s operations and profitability.  
The Group’s ability to successfully conduct mining operations is also dependent on the geological conditions of 
the mining sites, such as water levels and soil porosity. The mining sites are exposed to risks relating to 
geotechnical instability, including mine cave-ins, slope failures, pit collapses, landslides and other types of 
ground movements, which, if the Group fails to implement sufficient safety measures, may lead to 
environmental harm, personal injuries, unplanned stoppages and large costs. The degree to which geotechnical 
risks may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s operations and results, as 
well as to the environment and employees. 
Financial risks 
Refinancing and liquidity risk 
The mining and smelting business is capital intensive. Specifically, the exploration and exploitation of reserves, 
operational costs, maintenance of machinery and equipment and compliance with laws and regulations requires 
substantial capital expenditure. Failure to maintain production levels, generate sufficient cash flow or maintain 
access to financing alternatives may impact the amounts of capital available for necessary expenditure and this, 
in turn, may adversely impact the Group’s liquidity and financial position. Accordingly, the Group is exposed to 
liquidity risk arising from the need to finance its on-going operations, growth and working capital requirements 
when payment obligations cannot be met as a result of insufficient liquidity. Refinancing risks arise when the 
requisite financing cannot be obtained to refinance the Group’s financial liabilities. The Group’s ability to meet 
its future capital needs is highly dependent on the successful operations of the Group and the availability of 
capital, which in turn depends on factors such as market conditions, general credit availability within the 
financial markets and the Group’s credit capacity.  
Boliden’s loan agreements carry loan covenants which oblige the Group to comply with certain defined key ratio 
conditions in order to avoid early repayment. If, in the future, Boliden would be unable to satisfy covenants in its 
financing agreements and not be granted waivers, loans may be terminated pursuant to the terms of the financing 
agreements. Any such termination can, in turn, lead to outstanding amounts under other financing agreements 
also becoming immediately due and payable (so-called cross default). As of 31 December 2020, total financial 
liabilities amounted to SEK 12,558 m. A deterioration in the global economic climate may entail increased risks 
in respect of profit performance and financial position, and the risk of Boliden coming into conflict with loan 
terms and conditions. If access to capital which is required to operate its business or to refinance the Group’s 
financial liabilities were to become limited, it would materially adversely impact the Group’s financial position 
and results. 
Credit and counterparty risk  
Credit and counterparty risk refers to the risk that a counterparty in a transaction may fail to fulfil its obligation, 
thus causing the Group to incur a loss. Boliden’s financial exposure to counterparty risk mainly occurs when 
trading in derivative instruments. Credit risks in trade and other receivables are the risk of the Group’s customers

--- Page 15 ---
12(57) 
 
failing to fulfil their obligations. The majority of the Group’s trade and other receivables relate to European 
customers. On 31 December 2020, the credit risk in derivative instruments corresponded to a market value of 
SEK 143 m, which relates to Boliden’s receivables from external counterparties. Furthermore on 31 December 
2020, total trade and other receivables amounted to SEK 3,631 m, of which trade and other receivables that had 
fallen due for payment more than 30 days ago totalled SEK 11 m, corresponding to 0.3% of the total trade and 
other receivables, but may vary significantly over time. A significant increase in trade and other receivables 
falling due without the counterparty honouring its obligations in due time or at all would have a material adverse 
effect on the Group’s liquidity and financial position. 
Currency risk  
The Group’s accounts are consolidated in SEK, but certain operating costs and income are denominated in other 
currencies. A translation difference arises when converting net investments in overseas operations into SEK, 
which affects Other comprehensive income for the Group. Also, the Group may have all or parts of its financing 
in currencies other than SEK. Moreover, Boliden’s products are largely priced in USD.  
For these reasons, the Group is exposed to currency risk if unfavourable fluctuations in currency exchange rates 
between relevant currencies were to occur resulting in a negative impact on cash flows, income statements 
and/or balance sheet. The Group is not, nor is it currently contemplating, hedging all currency risk that might 
arise from its operational cash flows in foreign currencies. Therefore, in respect of its exposure to any currency 
risk that is (i) hedged but such hedging transpires to be imperfect or insufficient; and (ii) not hedged, 
unfavourable fluctuations in relevant foreign currencies may adversely impact the Group’s operations, financial 
position and results. Based on closing day listings on 31 December 2020 and on Boliden’s planned production 
volumes for the coming twelve months, a +/- 10% change in USD/SEK, EUR/USD and USD/NOK would affect 
the Group’s operating profit by +/- SEK 1,735 m, SEK 1,110 m and SEK 155 m, respectively. Fluctuations in 
currencies, particularly the USD/SEK/EUR exchange rates, thus have a significant impact on Boliden’s 
operating profits and cash flows. 
Interest rate risk  
Interest charged on the Group’s borrowings may be subject to changes in the market rates of interest, and any 
increase in such interest rates will increase the Group’s interest payments and may adversely impact the Group’s 
interest costs and thereby its results. In 2020, the Group’s total interest paid amounted to SEK 108 m. Changes in 
market interest rates also affect the Group’s profits and cash flows. The rapidity with which a change in interest 
rate levels affects the Group’s net financial items depends on the fixed term of the loans and the duration of the 
loans. The Group’s loan portfolio had, on 31 December 2020, an average fixed interest term of 3.1 years. 
Furthermore in 2020, Boliden’s average interest rate was 1.3%, weighted against rolling debt, while the debt 
portfolio’s average interest rate was 1.6%. Increased market rates that, to a significant extent, affect Boliden’s 
interest costs would have a material adverse effect on the Group’s results and financial position. 
Risks relating to the financial reporting and changes in accounting standards 
In preparing the financial statements of the Group, Boliden’s management is obliged to make certain judgements 
and estimates that can have an impact on the Group’s financial statements. Failure to use accurate assumptions in 
calculations for such estimates could adversely impact the Group’s financial position and results. For example, 
under IFRS 6 Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral, impairment testing in respect of exploration rights is 
carried out. If estimates are not deemed justified in such tests, it can result in impairment, thus affecting the 
Group’s results.  
In addition, for Boliden, key audit matters include, inter alia, recognition of revenues from sales of metals at the 
appropriate price and in the correct period (which requires good practices to ensure that revenues are recognised 
at agreed prices adjusted for the effects from hedging and that revenues are recognised in the correct period), 
valuation of inventory (which is complex and requires judgment about stock levels, metal content, metal prices, 
exchange rates and internal profits), valuation of intangible and tangible assets (as changes in market prices for 
metals, treatment and refining charges and exchange rates have a significant impact on the Group’s future cash 
flows and thus the estimated recoverable value of intangible and tangible assets and any impairment needs) as 
well as capitalisation and depreciation of deferred mining costs (as the carrying value and depreciation of 
deferred mining costs are dependent on a number of complex assumptions and estimates).  
Furthermore, from time to time, the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”), EU and other 
regulatory bodies change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of the 
Group’s financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how the 
Group’s records and reports its results of operations and financial position. Accordingly, new IFRS and other

--- Page 16 ---
13(57) 
 
financial accounting and reporting standards may have a significant impact on the Group’s results and financial 
position. 
Reclamation risks 
Reclamation is the process of restoring land that has been mined to a natural or economically usable state. Mine 
reclamation creates useful landscapes that meet a variety of goals ranging from the restoration of productive 
ecosystems to the creation of industrial and municipal resources. Although the process of mine reclamation is 
finalised once mining is completed, the planning of mine reclamation activities occurs prior to a mine being 
permitted or started. Hence, the Group’s operations often result in a need to reclaim areas which have been 
disturbed, polluted or otherwise affected. Boliden has a reclamation responsibility for some 30 active and closed 
down mining areas. Ongoing reclamation projects include Simonstown borrow pit, near the Tara mine in Ireland, 
which is currently being restored by planting a kilometre-long hedge, and the Maurliden open-pit mine in the 
Boliden Area, where separation of moraine, runoff waste, waste rock and acid-generating rock has been initiated. 
Boliden has commitments for reclamation of closed mines and for reclamation costs that are expected to arise for 
mines when the mine operations are decommissioned. As of 31 December 2020, Boliden’s provisions for 
reclamation costs totalled SEK 4,837 m. Provisions for reclamations are made on the basis of an assessment of 
future costs based on current conditions. Hence, the provisions are based on estimated parameters and dependent 
on several factors including cost estimates for different reclamation measures, life of mine, regulatory decisions, 
future inflation and discount rates. For example, in the second quarter 2019, a new environmental ruling was 
handed down regarding future reclamation work at the Kevitsa open-pit mine in northern Finland, which set high 
standards regarding the methods for the future capping of mining waste in order to prevent oxidation and 
minimise environmental impact after mine closure, thus entailing higher costs. As a result, the reclamation 
reserve and reclamation asset in Kevitsa were both increased by EUR 56 m, which will impact the result before 
tax by EUR 6.5 m per year for the remainder of the mine’s lifespan. Furthermore, in a pending case in the Land 
and Environment Court (Mark- och miljödomstolen) regarding future reclamation of the Aitik mine, Boliden has 
accepted an increase of the financial security requirements for the reclamation by approximately EUR 40 m. The 
financial security requirement may be increased, and more extensive reclamation measures may be prescribed by 
the Land and Environment Court. Accordingly, changes in underlying estimates and assumptions, new or 
expanding operations and regulatory decisions or court rulings may have a significant impact on the Group’s 
reclamation provisions, thereby affecting its financial position and results. 
Legal risks 
Disputes and legal proceedings  
The Group is from time to time involved in disputes and legal proceedings that arise in the course of its business 
and operations. Boliden’s various operations are also widely subject to licensing requirements and to wide-
ranging environmental and other regulations. Claims against Boliden or its involvement in legal proceedings 
could result in considerable costs and use of resources, which may adversely impact the Group’s operations, 
financial position and results. 
For example, in April 1998, a dam accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in Spain, which 
was then owned by Boliden’s subsidiary Apirsa. The accident led to several years of criminal, insolvency, civil 
and administrative proceedings against Boliden entities and representatives, some of which are still pending (see 
“Environmental risks” above). Another litigation emanating from Boliden’s export of certain materials from its 
Rönnskär smelter in the 1980’s to Arica, Chile, resulted in a several years’ long litigation in the courts of 
Sweden between 2013 and 2019. Even though both the court of first instance and the court of appeals found in 
Boliden’s favour (and the Supreme Court denied further appeal), the dispute gave rise to negative publicity and 
required management attention and other resources, including litigation costs which will most likely not be 
recovered (see also “Reputational risks” below). Tax disputes is another risk area. In 2013, Boliden was obliged 
to pay SEK 212 m in diesel tax due to mistakenly having utilised the wrong type of fuel for its Aitik trucks. 
There is also an ongoing tax dispute with the Finnish tax authorities who have increased Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s 
tax assessment for the years 2012 to 2016, a period predating Boliden’s acquisition (see “Tax risks” below). The 
degree to which disputes and legal proceedings may affect Boliden is dependent on their outcome and thus 
uncertain. If negatively determined, certain litigation can present a significant risk to the Group’s operations and 
results. 
Boliden is dependent on receiving permits for its operations 
The Group’s activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations, both general and industry-specific, 
including, most notably, environmental, property, labour and occupational health and safety standards and tax

--- Page 17 ---
14(57) 
 
laws, in each of the geographical markets in which Boliden operates. There is a trend towards stricter regulation, 
in particular in the field of environmental law. Compliance with such laws and regulations or the enactment of 
new laws and regulations and changes to existing laws and regulations that impact the Group and its operations 
may result in reduced revenues and/or increased costs (see also “Environmental risks” above).  
Boliden’s smelting operations in Sweden require permits under the Swedish Environmental Code (miljöbalken 
(1998:808)), whereas exploration and mining is also regulated by the Swedish Minerals Act (minerallagen 
(1991:45)) that applies in parallel with other legislation, including the Swedish Environmental Code. The Chief 
Mining Inspector (bergmästaren) is the head of the Swedish Mining Inspectorate (Bergsstaten), which is the 
regulatory authority dealing with matters relating to exploration, mining and extraction of minerals. Exploration 
for minerals requires an exploration permit issued by the Chief Mining Inspector. The Swedish Minerals Act 
regulates both who gets the exclusive right to investigate the bedrock geology and who gets preferential rights to 
mining. If a viable mineral deposit is found, a permitting process for various permits involving several decision-
making bodies follows before any mining may commence. Among other things, the operator must apply for an 
exploitation concession from the Swedish Mining Inspectorate.  
Regulatory approvals, such as environmental permits and exploitation concessions, are required in all countries 
where Boliden has mining or smelting operations. Accordingly, regular permit assessments are required and, if 
the Group seeks to increase or change its operations, it must in some cases apply for new or amended permits 
covering the affected operations. There is a risk that necessary permits will not be awarded to the Group or 
renewed at the relevant time or on reasonable terms. For example, Boliden applied in 2014 for an exploitation 
concession covering the Laver deposit in Norrbotten county, Sweden. The application was rejected by the 
Swedish Mining Inspectorate on formal grounds regarding the requirement to obtain a specific permit under the 
EU Habitats Directive (92/43/EEC) prior to obtaining an exploitation concession. The matter was decided by the 
Swedish Government on 22 December 2020, whereby the Swedish Mining Inspectorate’s decision was 
confirmed. Boliden has applied for a judicial review (rättsprövning) to the Swedish Supreme Administrative 
Court (Högsta förvaltningsdomstolen) in order to have the Swedish Government’s decision revoked. As a result 
of the uncertainty surrounding the Swedish permit process, there is a risk that investments in the mining industry 
will diminish, thus adversely affecting Boliden’s mining operations. Failure to obtain or renew necessary permits 
could also result in the Group being unable to continue or carry out certain operations.  
Insurance-related risks 
There is a risk that Boliden’s insurance coverage will not account for every potential risk associated with the 
Group’s operations. For example, discussions are ongoing with insurance companies regarding possible 
compensation for the fire accident that occurred at the Bergsöe smelter during the first quarter 2018, which 
damaged a facility for separating and recovering plastic from automotive batteries. There is a risk that the costs 
associated with the Bergsöe fire accident (approximately SEK 50 m) will not be fully covered by insurance. 
Some of the Group’s insurances also include high deductibles and limitations in maximum amounts payable. 
Accordingly, if the Group is unable to maintain the insurance coverage on terms acceptable, or if future 
requirements exceed or fall outside the Group’s insurance coverage, or if the Group’s provisions for uninsured 
costs are insufficient to cover the final costs or an event occurs which is not fully or partially covered by 
insurance, it may adversely impact the Group’s financial position and results. 
Reputational risk  
Boliden plays an important role in the communities and regions in which the Group’s mines and smelters are 
located. Good relationships and mutual understanding are important components of the ability to conduct and 
develop Boliden’s operations. Boliden’s operations are often scrutinised by, and in focus of, several stakeholders 
such as municipalities and other governmental bodies, local communities and inhabitants as well as 
environmental organisations. Expansion of mining operations sometimes requires surrounding villages or 
infrastructure to be relocated. For example, the relocation of the villages Liikavaara and Sakajärvi and the E10 
road in relation to a future expansion of the Aitik mine has caused negative publicity and dissatisfaction amongst 
the concerned.  
Disputes and litigation concerning individuals or the environment impact the Group’s operations and whether or 
not Boliden is perceived as a good corporate citizen. A case that attracted public attention was Boliden’s sale of 
smelter material from its Rönnskär smelter in the 1980’s to Arica, Chile, for further processing by a local 
company. Notwithstanding that the case was tried by competent courts and decided in Boliden’s favour in all 
instances concerned, public perceptions were influenced by negative media coverage and may continue to be so.

--- Page 18 ---
15(57) 
 
Accordingly, it is important for the Group to limit the risks associated with adverse effects on the environment, 
health and safety, human rights and business ethics in its business operations. In addition, the Group also needs 
to ensure that its business partners – both customers and suppliers – conduct their business operations in 
compliance with applicable legal, regulatory, ethical, environmental and quality based and sustainability 
standards. Failure by the Group or its commercial counterparties to operate at a sufficiently high standard in 
these regards may adversely affect the Group’s reputation and prejudice the forging of future business 
relationships. The degree to which a harmed reputation may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a 
significant risk to the Group’s ability to recruit employees and maintain a good relationship with the society and 
people affected by its operations. 
Compliance-related risks  
Boliden’s mining and smelting operations are generally located in northern Europe. However, in particular with 
respect to sourcing of raw materials, Boliden operates in a global market, which can expose the Group to risks 
related to sustainability factors including bribery and corruption. For Boliden, the risk of corruption is deemed to 
be greatest in relation to sourcing and supply of raw materials from countries which are generally deemed to 
perform poorly in various corruption indices. Furthermore, as some of Bolden’s operations are located in small 
communities, there is a risk that local suppliers are preferred over others who may offer more competitive terms. 
Violations of anti-corruption legislation that lead to extensive fines and other criminal, civil or administrative 
sanctions would have a material adverse effect on Boliden’s reputation, business, results of operations and 
financial position. Corruption-related incidents or accusations against suppliers and other third parties with 
whom Boliden has a commercial relationship risk leading to adverse publicity that would damage Boliden’s 
reputation, even if Boliden is not involved. 
Boliden does not conduct operations in countries subject to international sanctions. However, sanctions 
compliance encompasses not only the own operations, but it also requires evaluation and monitoring of 
counterparties in this respect. In addition, sanctions compliance regimes are complex and constantly changing.   
Breaches of, or non-compliance with, sanctions or other applicable laws and regulations would adversely affect 
Boliden’s business and reputation. Such behaviour include, for example, non-compliance with laws and 
regulations related to fair competition, money laundering, IT security and data protection (including GDPR), 
IFRS and other rules relating to accounting and financial reporting, the environment, the work environment, 
business ethics and equal treatment. There is also a risk that internal governance documents, policies and codes 
of conduct are not at all times adequate and fully effective, particularly if the Group is confronted with risks that 
it has not fully or adequately identified or anticipated. The degree to which compliance-related risks and risks 
related to internal control may affect Boliden is uncertain, and presents a significant risk to the Group’s 
reputation and operations. 
Tax risks 
Boliden’s operations, including transactions between group companies, are conducted in accordance with 
applicable tax legislation, tax treaties and other tax law provisions, and in accordance with the Group’s 
understanding and interpretation of the demands of relevant tax authorities. However, tax laws and regulations 
can be complex and need to be interpreted and applied. There is a risk that the tax authorities in the relevant 
countries may make assessments and take decisions that differ from Boliden’s understanding and interpretation 
of the aforementioned laws, tax treaties and other provisions. Boliden’s tax status, in respect of both previous 
years and the current year, may thus be changed as a consequence of the decisions that relevant tax authorities 
take, or as a consequence of amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions. For example, the Finnish tax 
authorities have increased Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment for the years from 2012 to 2016, which would 
result in an increase in tax expenses of approximately EUR 30 m (including penalties and interest). The 
increased assessment is attributable to the period prior to Boliden’s acquisition of Kevitsa. The decision, which 
was confirmed in March 2020 by the Finnish Board of Adjustment, has been appealed by Boliden. No provision 
has been made in the accounts based, among other things, on the fact that the ruling is under appeal and remains 
to be determined and in reliance on applicable compensation provisions in the acquisition agreement. As another 
example, the Swedish Tax Agency imposed an increased energy tax liability on Boliden of SEK 212 m in 2013 
due to improper use of dyed diesel at the Aitik mine during the period from April 2009 to October 2012. 
In 2020, the Group’s paid corporate income tax totalled SEK 1,608 m. Boliden’s total direct tax expenditure also 
includes for example social security contributions, energy- and environmental taxes, property tax and value-
added tax. There is a risk that amended laws, tax treaties or other provisions, which also may apply retroactively, 
lead to increased tax expenses and higher effective tax rate for Boliden, which negatively affect its results of 
operations. For example, on 1 August 2019, the tax on diesel in mining industry operations was changed, leading

--- Page 19 ---
16(57) 
 
to an increase in annual operating costs for Boliden of approximately SEK 120 m, SEK 100 m of which relates 
to Aitik. 
Risks relating to the Notes 
Dependence on, and subordination in relation to, subsidiaries 
The Issuer holds no significant assets other than the shares in its direct subsidiaries and receivables against other 
Group companies and as such the Issuer is dependent on the ability of its subsidiaries (including, but not limited 
to, the Guarantor) to make payments to it so as to enable it to make payments under the Notes.  
The Issuer’s subsidiaries are legally separate and distinct from the Issuer and have no obligation to make 
payments to the Issuer of any surpluses generated from their respective businesses. The ability of such 
Subsidiaries to make payments to the Issuer is restricted by, among other things, the availability of funds, 
corporate restrictions and local law.  
If any subsidiary of the Guarantor or the Issuer (other than the Guarantor) is subject to any foreclosure, 
dissolution, winding-up, liquidation, recapitalisation, administrative or other bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceeding, the creditors of such subsidiary of the Issuer or the Guarantor will generally be prioritised due to 
their position in the capital structure and will generally be entitled to payment in full from the sale or other 
disposal of the assets of such a subsidiary before the Issuer or the Guarantor, as a direct or indirect shareholder, 
will be entitled to receive any distributions from such a subsidiary. 
Risks relating to the Guarantee 
Although the Notes are unsecured, the Noteholders benefit from an upstream guarantee issued by the Guarantor 
for the Issuer’s payment obligations under the Notes (the “Guarantee”). If the Guarantor does not derive 
sufficient corporate benefit from the Guarantee, the Guarantee is only valid up to the amount the Grantor legally 
could have distributed as dividend to its shareholders in accordance with the Swedish Companies Act 
(aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)) at the time the Guarantee is given. Also, there are no provisions in the Guarantee 
that prevent the Guarantor from taking up loans or to provide security for other loans (including other Market 
Loans). The Noteholders’ right to payment from the Guarantor under the Guarantee is subject to, amongst other 
things, the availability of funds, corporate restrictions, the terms of the Guarantor’s indebtedness and local law. 
In the event of insolvency, liquidation or a similar event relating to the Guarantor, all other unsecured creditors 
of the Guarantor would be entitled to receive any proceeds from the realisation of the Guarantor’s assets pari 
passu with the Noteholders’ claim under the Guarantee but only once prioritised creditors (including secured 
creditors (if any)) of the Guarantor have been paid in full. 
Since neither the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes nor the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guarantee 
are secured, there is a risk that the proceeds of any enforcement sale of assets in connection with any insolvency 
procedure or winding-up of the Issuer or the Guarantor would not be sufficient to satisfy all amounts then due on 
or in respect of the Notes. Accordingly, there is a risk that an investor loses its investment or parts thereof in the 
event of the Issuer’s or Guarantor’s liquidation, company reorganisation or bankruptcy. 
Risks relating to interest rate constructions  
Notes with a fixed interest rate bear interest at a fixed rate until the Maturity Date for such Notes. The value of 
such Notes is highly influenced by the market interest rate level. As the market interest rate level changes, the 
value of the Notes with a fixed interest rate typically changes in the opposite direction, i.e. if the market interest 
rate level increases, the market value of such Notes falls and if the general interest rate level falls, the market 
value of such Notes increases. Since the price of Notes is adversely affected by changes in the market interest 
rate level, there is a risk that Noteholders may lose all or a significant part of their investment in such Notes. 
Notes with Zero Coupon bears no interest and may be issued at a discount, par or premium. The price is 
normally determined by the market interest rate level. When there is a positive market interest rate, the Notes 
with Zero Coupon are normally issued at a discount. The market value of such notes may be adversely affected 
by changes in the market interest rate level. If the market interest rate level increases in relation to the level at the 
issue date, the market value of Zero Coupon Notes will typically decrease. Hence, there is a risk that changes in 
the market interest rate will result in Noteholders losing all or a significant part of their investment in such 
Notes. Notes issued at a discount or premium tend to fluctuate more as a result of a change in the market interest 
rate than Notes issued at par.

--- Page 20 ---
17(57) 
 
Use of Benchmarks 
The process of the calculation of EURIBOR, STIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks have been subject to a 
number of legislative measures, whereof some have been implemented and others are pending implementation. 
The most important initiative on the subject matter is the Benchmarks Regulation which regulates the provision 
of a benchmark, contribution of input data for the purpose of determining a benchmark and the operation of 
benchmarks within the EU. These reforms may cause STIBOR or EURIBOR to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence 
could have a material adverse effect on floating interest rate Notes and poses a risk to the value of and return on 
the investments of the Noteholders. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any floating interest Notes, in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of STIBOR or EURIBOR (as applicable) are changed in order to comply with the 
terms of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or 
increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. Any such 
change of the methodology presents a significant risk to the return on a Noteholder’s investment. 
The potential elimination of STIBOR, EURIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of 
administration of any benchmark could require or result in an adjustment to the interest provisions of the Loan 
Terms through a Noteholder’s Meeting in accordance with sections 12.4 and 11 of the Terms and Conditions. 
The outcome of such Noteholder’s Meeting cannot be determined in advance and the outcome may be 
detrimental to the value of the relevant Notes. Hence, any amendment of the interest provisions of the Loan 
Terms presents a significant risk to the value of a Noteholder’s investment.

--- Page 21 ---
18(57) 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
 
 
 
 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR NOTES ISSUED UNDER 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)’S MTN PROGRAMME

--- Page 22 ---
19(57) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
1. 
DEFINITIONS ..................................................................................................................................... 20 
2. 
ISSUANCE of LOANS ....................................................................................................................... 24 
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN ................................................................................................................ 25 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER.................................................................... 25 
5. 
PAYMENTS ........................................................................................................................................ 25 
6. 
INTEREST........................................................................................................................................... 26 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST ....................................................................................................................... 27 
8. 
REPURCHASE ................................................................................................................................... 28 
9. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS ........................................................................................................... 29 
10. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS .............................................................................................................. 30 
11. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING ............................................................................................................ 32 
12. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS, ETC. .................................................................................................... 35 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION ................................................................................................................................ 36 
14. 
NOTICES............................................................................................................................................. 36 
15. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. ................................................................................................... 36 
16. 
GUARANTEE ..................................................................................................................................... 37 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION ...................................................................................... 37 
 
 
Appendices 
Appendix 1 – Form of Final Terms 
Appendix 2 - Guarantee

--- Page 23 ---
20(57) 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
FOR NOTES ISSUED UNDER BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)’S MTN PROGRAMME 
 
The following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to loans which 
Boliden AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556051-4142) (the “Company”) issues on the capital market 
under this MTN Programme (“MTN Programme”) by issuing bonds in SEK or EUR with 
varying terms, however not less than one year, commonly referred to as medium term 
notes (“MTN”).  
 
1. 
DEFINITIONS 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, as used in these terms and conditions, the 
following terms shall have the meanings set forth below. 
 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an 
account operator pursuant to the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act 
(1998:1479) and through which a Noteholder has opened a Securities Account in 
respect of its MTN. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means the total outstanding Nominal Amount of MTN in 
respect of a particular Loan less the amount of all MTN held by a Group Company, 
whether or not the Group Company is directly registered as owner of such MTN. 
“Business Day” means a day in Sweden other than a Sunday or other public holiday 
or, with respect to the payment of promissory notes, a day which is not the equivalent 
of a public holiday in Sweden. Saturdays, Midsummer’s Eve, Christmas Eve and New 
Year’s Eve shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed to be public holidays. 
 
“Calculation Agent” means (i) if a Loan has been issued by two or more Issuing 
Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by the Company to be responsible for certain 
administrative tasks regarding the Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a 
Loan has been issued by only one Issuing Dealer, the Issuing Dealer. 
 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain period, the 
basis of calculation stated in the Final Terms and which:  
 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve 
months each consisting of 30 days each and, in the event of a partial month, the 
actual number of days which have elapsed in the month; and  
(b) 
if the calculation method “Actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant 
period divided by 360.

--- Page 24 ---
21(57) 
 
“Dealers” means Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)2, Danske Bank A/S,  
Danmark, Sverige Filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), and Swedbank AB (publ) and every other 
dealer specially authorized by Euroclear Sweden to process and register issues in the 
Euroclear Sweden system that accedes to this MTN Programme in accordance with 
section 12.3, however only as long as such institution has not retired as a dealer. 
 
“EUR” means the single currency of the participating member states in accordance 
with the European Union’s framework for the Economic and Monetary Union (EMU). 
 
 
“EURIBOR” means: 
 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Reuters screen 
EURIBOR01 (or through another system or another screen which replaces such 
system or screen) as of or around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day for loans or 
deposits in EUR for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period according to 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places), as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by the Reference 
Banks (which are appointed by the Calculation Agent), for deposits of EUR 
10,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate is available pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b), the  
interest rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation 
Agent, best reflects the interest rate for deposits in EUR offered for the relevant 
Interest Period. 
 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 556112-8074). 
“Final Terms” means the final terms established for a particular Loan under this MTN 
Programme in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms). 
“Framework Amount” is the framework amount which the Company and the Dealers 
agree on from time to time. 
“Group” means the corporate group of which the Company is the parent company 
(where the terms corporate group and parent company have the meanings as defined 
 
2 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 25 ---
22(57) 
 
in Chapter 1, section 11 of the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslag 
(2005:551)) (or such other legislation which replaces the aforementioned legislation). 
“Group Company” means any and all legal entities which from time to time that are 
part of the Group. 
“Guarantee” means the Guarantor’s undertaking, according to Appendix 2 to these 
Terms and Conditions, as for its own debt (Sw: proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s 
obligations under the Loans taken up by the Company under the MTN Programme. 
 
“Guarantor” means Boliden Mineral AB (publ), company registration number 556231-
6850. 
 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, according to the Final Terms, the date from 
which interest (where applicable) begins to accrue. 
“Issuing Dealer”, means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers 
through which MTN will be or have been issued. 
“Licensing Obligation” means a mandatory obligation to apply for a license, permit, 
authorisation, or similar with a governmental authority or similar entity in order to 
conduct the business that is the objects of the obliged entity, such as an authorisation 
from the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) to offer 
financial services to the general public, an authorisation from the Swedish Data 
Protection Authority (Sw. Datainspektionen) to conduct debt collection (Sw. 
inkassoverksamhet) or a license from the Swedish Radiation Safety Authority (Sw. 
Strålsäkerhetsmyndigheten) to conduct nuclear activities (Sw: kärnteknisk  
verksamhet). For the avoidance of doubt, operations which an entity may engage in 
when the operation (but not the object of the business itself) requires a license, permit, 
authorisation or similar from a governmental authority or similar entity, such as an 
environmental permit, does not constitute a License Obligation. 
 “Loan” means every Loan, comprising of one or more MTN, issued by the Company 
under this MTN Programme. 
“Loan Terms” means, for a particular Loan, these Terms and Conditions and the Final 
Terms for such Loan. 
“Market Loan” means loans taken up through the issuance of commercial paper, bonds 
or other securities (including loans under MTN or other market loan programmes) which 
are sold, brokered, or invested in an organized form and which are, or may be, admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market.  
“Material Group Company” means (a) the Company and (b) every Group Company 
whose total assets or revenue (excluding intra-Group items) are equal to or exceed ten

--- Page 26 ---
23(57) 
 
per cent (10%) of the total assets or revenues of the Group as set out in the most recently 
published annual report. 
“Maturity Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date when MTN shall be 
repaid. 
“MTN” means a unilateral debt instrument in the Nominal Amount which has been 
registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act (Sw. lag 
(1998:1479) om värdepapperscentraler och kontoföring av finansiella intrument) and 
which is part of a Loan issued by the Company under this MTN Programme. 
“Nominal Amount” means the amount of each MTN as stated in the Final Terms. 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct 
registered owner (Sw: direktregistrerad ägare) or nominee (Sw: förvaltare) with respect 
to an MTN. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders held in accordance 
with Section 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting). 
“Record Date” means the fifth Business Day (or another Business Day prior to the 
relevant day which is market practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to (i) the 
payment date for interest or principal in accordance with the Loan Terms; or (ii) another 
day on which payment is to be made to Noteholders; (iii) the date of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting; (iv) dispatch of notice; or (v) another relevant date. 
“Reference Banks” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ), Svenska Handelsbanken AB (publ) and Swedbank AB (publ). 
“Regulated Market” means any regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU on 
markets in financial instruments. 
“Securities Account” means the account maintained by Euroclear Sweden in 
accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in which (i) an owner 
of securities is directly registered as the owner of securities; or (ii) an owner’s holding of 
securities is registered in the name of a nominee. 
“SEK” means the lawful currency of Sweden. 
“Spanish Litigation” means the legal process initiated in Spain against members of the 
Group involving an amount of approximately EUR 141,000,000 (or a corresponding value 
in other currencies). 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the applicable percentage rate per annum displayed on Nasdaq Stockholm’s 
website for STIBOR fixing (or through another website replacing it) as of or 
around 11.00 a.m. on the relevant day for the offering of deposits in SEK and for 
a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or  
 
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period according to 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four

--- Page 27 ---
24(57) 
 
decimal places), as supplied to the Calculation Agent at its request quoted by 
the Reference Banks (or such replacement banks as appointed by the 
Calculation Agent), for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest 
Period; or 
(c) 
if no quotation is available pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b), the interest rate 
which according to the reasonable assessment of the Calculation Agent best 
reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank 
market for the relevant period. 
1.2 
Additional definitions, such as Interest Structure, Base Rate, Interest Determination 
Date, Interest Payment Date(s) and Interest Period are set forth (where applicable) in 
the Final Terms. 
 
1.3 
The definitions set forth in these Terms and Conditions also apply to the Final Terms. 
 
1.4 
Upon calculation of whether a limit described in SEK has been reached or exceeded, 
an amount in another currency shall be calculated based on the exchange rate 
applicable on the Business Day immediately preceding the relevant point in time and 
which is published on Reuters’ screen ”SEKFIX=” (or through another system or 
another screen which replaces such system or screen) or, where such rate is not 
published, according to the rate for SEK for the relevant currency on the 
aforementioned day which is published by the Swedish Central Bank on its website 
(www.riksbank.se). 
2. 
ISSUANCE OF LOANS 
2.1 
Under this MTN Programme, the Company may issue MTN, denominated in SEK or 
in EUR, with a maturity of at least one year. Under a Loan, MTN may be issued in 
multiple tranches without the approval of any Noteholder. 
2.2 
By subscribing to MTN, each initial Noteholder approves that its MTN shall have the 
rights and be subject to the conditions set forth in, and be governed by, the

--- Page 28 ---
25(57) 
 
provisions of the Loan Terms. By acquiring MTN, each new Noteholder confirms  
such approval. 
2.3 
The Company undertakes to make payments in respect of issued MTN and to 
otherwise comply with the Loan Terms for the Loans issued under this MTN 
Programme. 
2.4 
If the Company wishes to issue MTN under this MTN Programme, the Company shall 
enter into a separate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which 
shall be the Issuing Dealer for such Loan. 
2.5 
Final Terms shall be established in relation to each particular Loan which together 
with these Terms and Conditions shall constitute the complete Loan Terms for the 
Loan.  
3. 
REGISTRATION OF MTN 
3.1 
MTN will be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders and, 
accordingly, no physical securities will be issued. Registration requests relating to 
MTN shall be directed to an Account Operator. 
3.2 
Any person who on the basis of an assignment, pledge, the provisions of the  
Children and Parents Code (Sw: föräldrabalken), the terms of a will or deed of gift or 
otherwise is entitled to receive payment in respect of an MTN must cause their rights 
to be registered with Euroclear Sweden in order to receive such payment. 
3.3 
The Calculation Agent shall be entitled to obtain information from Euroclear Sweden 
regarding the contents of its debt register for MTN for the purpose of carrying out its 
duties in accordance with these Terms and Conditions. The Calculation Agent shall 
not be responsible for the content of such excerpt nor is it in any other way obligated 
to verify who is a Noteholder. 
4. 
RIGHT TO ACT ON BEHALF OF A NOTEHOLDER  
4.1 
Any person other than a Noteholder wishing to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under 
the Loan Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting must present a power of attorney 
or other proof of authorization from the Noteholder or a successive, coherent chain of 
powers of attorney or proof of authorisation starting with the Noteholder. 
4.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to 
represent it in relation to some, or all, of the MTN held by the Noteholder. Any such 
representative may act independently. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
MTN become due and payable in the Nominal Amount including interest (if 
applicable) on the Maturity Date. In the event the Maturity Date is a day which is not  
a Business Day, the Loan is not repaid until the following Business Day. Interest 
according to section 6 (Interest) shall be paid on the relevant Interest Payment Date. 
5.2 
Payment in respect of MTN denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and, in 
respect of MTN denominated in EUR, shall be made in EUR and made to the person 
who is registered as a Noteholder on the Record Date for the respective payment

--- Page 29 ---
26(57) 
 
date or to such person who is registered with Euroclear Sweden in accordance with 
section 3.2 above as being entitled to receive such payment. 
5.3 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest 
shall be deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by 
Euroclear Sweden on the relevant payment date. In all other cases, Euroclear 
Sweden shall transfer the amount on the respective payment date to the Noteholder 
to the address registered with Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date. 
5.4 
Should Euroclear Sweden not be able to effect payments as aforesaid due to an 
impediment attributable to the Company or due to any other impediment, the 
Company shall ensure that such payments are made to the persons who are 
registered as Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after 
such impediment no longer exists. In such case, interest shall be payable according 
to section 7.1. 
5.5 
In the event the Company is unable to perform a payment obligation through 
Euroclear Sweden due to an impediment attributable to Euroclear Sweden, the 
Company shall be entitled to postpone the payment obligation until such time as the 
impediment no longer exists. In such case, interest shall be payable according to 
section 7.2. 
5.6 
If payment is made in accordance with this section 5 to a person not entitled to 
receive such amount, the Company and Euroclear shall nonetheless be deemed to 
have fulfilled their payment obligations. However, the aforementioned shall not apply 
if the Company or Euroclear Sweden were aware that payment was made to a 
person not entitled to receive the payment or if the Company or Euroclear Sweden 
did not act with normal care. 
 
6. 
INTEREST 
6.1 
For Loans on which interest accrues, interest shall be calculated on the Nominal 
Amount. 
6.2 
Interest on a certain Loan is calculated and payable (where applicable) in accordance 
with the Final Terms. The relevant Interest Structure shall be stated in the Final 
Terms according to one of the following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Rate 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with a Fixed Rate, the Loan will bear interest 
according to the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement 
Date up to and including the Maturity Date. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan is specified as a Loan with Floating Rate, the Loan will bear interest at 
the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date up to 
and including the Maturity Date. The Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period 
shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the respective Interest

--- Page 30 ---
27(57) 
 
Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and the Margin for the 
relevant period. 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date 
due to such impediment as referred to in Section 15.1, interest shall continue to 
accrue on the Loan at the interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest 
Period. As soon as the impediment no longer exists, the Calculation Agent shall 
calculate a new Interest Rate which shall be effective from the second Business 
Day following the day of the calculation until the expiration of the current 
Interest Period. 
Interest is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360. 
(c) 
Zero Coupon 
If the Loan is specified as a Zero Coupon it bears no interest. Loans with Zero 
Coupon may be issued at a discount, par or premium. 
6.3 
Accrued interest (where applicable) is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest 
Payment Date. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a Fixed Rate is not a Business Day, 
interest will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only 
up to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
6.5 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan with a Floating Rate is not a Business Day, 
the next Business Day shall be the Interest Payment Date provided that such 
Business Day does not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest 
Payment Date shall be the previous Business Day. Interest is calculated and payable 
up to and including the Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
DEFAULT INTEREST 
7.1 
In the event of any default in payment, default interest shall be payable on the 
overdue amount from its due date up to and including the date on which payment is 
made at a rate corresponding to the average of one week STIBOR for MTN 
denominated in SEK and one week EURIBOR for MTN denominated in EUR for the 
duration of the delay, plus two percentage points in each case. For this purpose, 
STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be determined on the first Business Day in each 
calendar week for the duration of the period of default. Default interest in accordance 
with this section 7.1 for interest-bearing Loans shall never be paid at an interest rate 
lower than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due date 
plus two percentage points. Default interest shall not be capitalised. 
7.2 
If the default in payment is due to an impediment affecting a Dealer or Euroclear 
Sweden, default interest shall accrue at a rate corresponding to (i) for interest- 
bearing Loans, the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its relevant due 
date; or (ii) for Zero Coupon Loans, the average of one week STIBOR or EURIBOR 
respectively for the duration of the delay (whereby STIBOR and EURIBOR shall be

--- Page 31 ---
28(57) 
 
determined on the first Business Day of each calendar week for the duration of the 
period of default). 
8. 
REPURCHASE 
8.1 
Following agreement with the Noteholder, the Company may repurchase MTN from 
time to time provided that repurchase is in compliance with applicable law. MTN 
owned by the Company may, in the discretion of the Company, be retained, 
transferred, or redeemed. 
8.2 
Each Noteholder is entitled to demand repurchase of all, or some, of the MTN held by 
the Noteholder, if: 
(a) 
the shares in the Company cease to be admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market at Nasdaq Stockholm; or 
(b) 
an event, or series of events, occurs which leads to a natural or legal person, 
itself or together with a closely associated person as set forth in the Stock 
Market (Takeover Bids) Act (lag (2006:451) om offentliga uppköpserbjudanden 
på aktiemarknaden), directly or indirectly, at any time acquiring or otherwise 
controlling more than 50% of the shares or votes in the Company.  
 
8.3 
As soon as the Company obtains knowledge of such an event according to section 
8.2, the Company shall be obligated to notify the Noteholders of such event through a  
press release published on the Company’s website and in accordance with section  
14 (Notices). The notice shall contain instructions regarding how a Noteholder 
wishing to have an MTN repurchased must proceed as well as specifying the 
Repurchase Date. 
8.4 
The Repurchase Date shall occur no earlier than 20 and no later than 40 Business 
Days after notice of change mentioned in 8.2 a) and b) has been sent to the 
Noteholder in accordance with section 8.3. However, in the event the Repurchase 
Date is not a Business Day, the Repurchase Date shall be deemed to be the 
Business Day immediately following. 
8.5 
Where a right to repurchase exists, the Company shall, upon demand by a 
Noteholder, repurchase the relevant MTN on the Repurchase Date at its Nominal 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) which would have been repaid on the 
final Maturity Date, together with accrued interest (where applicable). For MTN with 
Zero Coupon, an amount per MTN calculated in accordance with section 10.5 shall 
be paid instead. 
8.6 
Notices from Noteholders regarding demands for repurchase of MTN’s shall be 
drafted in accordance with the instructions set forth in the notice provided to the

--- Page 32 ---
29(57) 
 
Noteholders in accordance with section 8.3. The Notice from the Noteholder must be 
received by the Company at least 10 Business Days before Redemption Date. 
9. 
GENERAL UNDERTAKINGS 
9.1 
Status of the Loan 
The Company shall ensure that its payment obligations under the Loan rank at least 
pari passu with its other unsubordinated and unsecured payment obligations, save for 
such obligations as may be preferred by provisions of law that are both mandatory 
and of general application. 
9.2 
The Company’s operations and assets 
The Company undertakes, for as long as any MTN is outstanding, not to materially 
change the nature of the Group’s operations or to sell or otherwise dispose of any 
asset where such sale or disposition has a material adverse effect on the Company’s 
ability to perform its obligations towards the Noteholders. 
9.3 
Framework amount 
The Company may not issue additional MTN under this MTN Programme where such 
would entail that the aggregate Nominal Amount of the MTN outstanding under this 
MTN Programme, including those MTN’s intended to be issued, exceeds the 
Framework Amount on the day on which the agreement regarding the issuance of 
MTN was entered into between the Company and the Issuing Dealer. 
9.4 
Securing of other Market Loans 
The Company undertakes, as long as any MTN is outstanding: 
a) 
not to provide security or cause any Group Company to provide security for any 
other Market Loan which has been taken up or may be taken up by the 
Company, except as set forth in subsection c) below and for the guarantee  
by the Guarantor; 
 
b) 
not to provide security for Market Loans in any form other than through a 
contingent liability (which, in turn, may not be secured) which has been taken  
up or which may be taken up by a party other than the Company; and 
 
c) 
to ensure that Group Companies, when taking up Market Loans, comply with 
the provisions applicable to the Company according to subsections a) – b) 
above, subject to the exception however that Group Companies may provide 
contingent liabilities for other Group Companies’ Market Loans and may cause 
the Company and other Group Companies to issue contingent liabilities (which, 
in turn, may not be secured) for Market Loans. 
 
9.5 
Admission to trading on a regulated market 
The Company undertakes to apply for admission on the relevant Regulated Market 
for Loans which according to the Final Terms must be admitted to trading on a 
Regulated Market, and to take any measures that may be required to maintain the

--- Page 33 ---
30(57) 
 
admission as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, however, not longer than as 
permitted under applicable laws and regulations. 
9.6 
Governing law 
The Company undertakes to comply in all material respects with any rules and 
instructions issued from time to time by Swedish or relevant foreign governmental 
authorities, central banks, or other public authorities or Regulated Markets to which 
the MTN have been admitted to trading. 
9.7 
Availability of Loan Terms 
The Company undertakes to make the current version of these Terms and 
Conditions, the Guarantee, and the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market available on the Company’s website and to ensure 
that the Guarantee is valid for all outstanding Loans.  
10. 
TERMINATION OF LOANS 
10.1 
The Calculation Agent shall declare in writing a relevant Loan, together with accrued 
interest (if any), immediately due and payable, or payable at such time as the 
Calculation Agent or the Noteholders’ Meeting (as applicable) decides, upon the 
occurrence of any circumstance stated in section 10.2 and if: 
(i) 
so decided by the Noteholders under a Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting; or 
(ii) 
so demanded in writing by Noteholders who, at the time of demand, represent 
not less than 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount for the relevant 
Loan. Upon demand, a Noteholder shall provide evidence that the Noteholder 
is a Noteholder on the relevant Business Day. Demand for acceleration may 
only be made by a Noteholder who alone represents 1/10 of the total 
outstanding Nominal Amount or jointly by Noteholders who, together,  
represent 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount on the relevant 
Business Day.  
10.2 
Loans may only be declared due and payable in accordance with section 10.1 
provided that: 
a) 
the Company fails to make timely payment of principal or interest regarding 
the relevant Loan under this MTN Programme, unless the delay (i) is a result 
of a technical or administrative error; and (ii) does not continue for more than 
three Business Days; 
b) 
the Company in any respect other than as stated in subsection (a) above fails 
to perform its obligations under the Loan Terms regarding relevant Loans 
under this MTN Programme and, where rectification is possible and the 
Company receives a written demand therefore by the Calculation Agent, 
Issuing Dealer, or a Noteholder to effect rectification, such rectification has not 
occurred within 20 Business Days after the Company receives a demand for 
rectification by the Calculation Agent, Issuing Dealer, or Noteholders 
representing not less than 1/10 of the total outstanding Nominal Amount of the 
relevant Loan as set forth in section 10.1 (ii);

--- Page 34 ---
31(57) 
 
c) 
(i) a Material Group Company or the Guarantor fails within due time or within 
the applicable grace period to make payment regarding another loan and the 
loan in question, as a consequence thereof, has been accelerated, or could 
have been accelerated or, where no notice of acceleration provision exists or 
the non-payment would have constituted final payment, where the late 
payment continues for 10 Business Days, provided that the total outstanding 
liability under the relevant loans amounts to not less than EUR 10,000,000 (or 
an equivalent value in another currency), or (ii) another loan to a Material 
Group Company or the Guarantor has been declared due and payable in 
advance as a consequence of an event of default (regardless of the nature), 
provided that the total of due and payable liabilities under such terminated 
loans is at least EUR 10,000,000 or a corresponding value in another 
currency; 
 
d) 
A Material Group Company or the Guarantor fails, within 15 Business Days 
after the day on which such company receives a legitimate claim, to make 
performance under any guarantee or surety which the relevant company has 
provided for the financial obligations of a third party, provided that the total 
legitimate claims not satisfied within such time amount to not less than EUR 
10,000,000 (or a corresponding value in another currency); 
 
e) 
Assets owned by a Material Group Company with a value in excess of EUR 
1,000,000 (or the equivalent value in another currency) are attached or 
become the subject of similar foreign proceedings and such attachment or 
other foreign proceedings are not terminated within 30 Business Days from 
the date of the attachment decision or the decision regarding similar foreign 
proceedings other than any sequestration of assets for a maximum amount of 
EUR 141,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) as a result of the 
Spanish Litigation; 
 
f) 
The Guarantor, the Company, or a Material Group Company suspends 
payments; 
 
g) 
A Material Group Company applies for, or admits an application for, company 
reorganization according to the Swedish Companies Reorganization Act (lag 
(1996:764) om företagsrekonstruktion) or similar proceedings; 
 
h) 
A Material Group Company or the Guarantor is placed in bankruptcy; 
 
i) 
A decision is taken to place the Company in liquidation or to place a Material 
Group Company or the Guarantor in compulsory liquidation; or 
j) 
A circumstance occurs which entails that the Company is replaced as the 
debtor under a relevant Loan by another party (or a decision to do so has 
been adopted, for example by the Company’s board of directors preparing a 
merger plan under which the Company will be the transferring company) and 
such decision has not been approved by the Noteholders in accordance with 
section 11.9;  
 
k) 
The Company or a Group Company which conducts operations subject to a 
Licensing Obligation (Sw: tillståndspliktig verksamhet) does not hold, or no 
longer holds, a license for such operations;  
 
l) 
The Company does not own 100% of the shares in the Guarantor; or

--- Page 35 ---
32(57) 
 
 
m) 
The Guarantee is not valid for any outstanding Loan. 
 
The term “loan” as used in subsection c) above also includes overdraft accounts and 
sums which are not received as a loan, but which must be paid on the basis of a debt 
security obviously intended for public trading. 
10.3 
The Calculation Agent may not declare the relevant Loan together with interest (if 
any) due for payment in accordance with this section 10 by reference to 
circumstances constituting an event of default if a Noteholders’ Meeting has resolved 
that the relevant circumstances shall not give rise (temporarily or permanently) to an 
acceleration pursuant to section 10. 
10.4 
The Company shall be obligated to immediately notify the Issuing Dealers and the 
Noteholders in accordance with section 14 (Notices) in the event grounds for 
acceleration exist as stated in section 10.2. In the absence of such notice, neither the 
Calculation Agent nor the Issuing Dealer, irrespective of actual knowledge, shall be 
deemed to be aware of grounds for acceleration. Neither the Calculation Agent nor  
the Issuing Dealer is obligated itself to monitor whether the conditions for acceleration 
exist according to section 10.2. 
10.5 
Upon redemption of loans following acceleration in accordance with section 10.1: 
(a) 
interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN which, 
together with accrued interest, would have been redeemed on the final 
Maturity Date; and 
(b) 
non-interest-bearing Loans shall be redeemed at an amount per MTN 
determined by the following formula as per the date of acceleration of the 
Loan: 
Nominal Amount 
(1 + r)t 
 
r =  
the ask rate quoted by the Calculation Agent for Swedish 
government bonds with an outstanding term to maturity 
corresponding to the remaining term of the relevant Loan. In the 
absence of such ask rate, the bid rate shall be used instead, as 
reduced by a market bid/ask spread, expressed in percentage 
points. The calculation shall be based on the closing quotation. 
t =  
the remaining term for the relevant Loan, expressed in the Day 
Count Convention Actual/360 for MTN denominated in SEK or 
EUR. 
11. 
NOTEHOLDERS’ MEETING 
11.1 
The Calculation Agent is entitled to convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan, and must convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for 
the Noteholders under the relevant Loan at the request of the Issuing Agent, the 
Company, or Noteholders who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth 
of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (such request may only be 
made by Noteholders who are registered in the debt register maintained by Euroclear 
Sweden on the next Business Day after the day the request was received by the

--- Page 36 ---
33(57) 
 
Calculation Agent and must be made together if a request is made by several 
Noteholders). 
11.2 
The Calculation Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by written notice to  
each Noteholder, the Company, and the Issuing Dealer within five (5) Business Days 
from the date when a request was received from the Company, Noteholders, or the 
Issuing Dealer in accordance with Section 11.1 (or such later date as necessary for 
technical or administrative reasons). 
11.3 
The Calculation Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the 
proposed resolution must be approved by a person in addition to the Noteholders, 
and this person has notified the Calculation Agent that such approval will not be 
given; or (ii) the proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
11.4 
The notice in accordance with Section 11.2, shall contain (i) the time of the meeting; 
(ii) the place of the meeting; (iii) an agenda (including each request by a Noteholder 
for a resolution); and (iv) a proxy form. A decision may not be made at the 
Noteholders’ Meeting in respect of any matter that is not listed in the notice. If 
Noteholders are required to announce their intention to participate in the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, the notice shall contain information regarding such requirement. 
11.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall be held no earlier than fifteen (15) Business Days  
and no later than thirty (30) Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for 
several Loans under the MTN Programme may be held on the same occasion. 
11.6 
Without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and Conditions, the Calculation 
Agent may stipulate further provisions, as it deems appropriate, regarding the 
convening and holding of the Noteholders’ Meeting. Such provisions may, among 
other things, include provisions enabling Noteholders to vote without attending the 
meeting in person, or to allow the voting to take place electronically or through written 
voting procedures. 
11.7 
Only a person who has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with section 4 
(Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the 
Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such 
Noteholders’ Meeting, provided that the relevant MTN is covered by the Adjusted 
Loan Amount. The Calculation Agent may attend the Noteholders’ Meeting and shall 
ensure that an extract from the debt register maintained by Euroclear Sweden on the 
Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting is available at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
11.8 
The Noteholders and the Calculation Agent, and their respective representatives or 
assistants, are entitled to attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting 
may resolve that other persons may attend. Representatives shall submit a duly 
issued power of attorney to be approved by the chairperson of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting shall commence with the appointment of a 
chairperson, a secretary to take the minutes, and persons to attest the minutes. The 
chairperson shall prepare a list of Noteholders that are present and entitled to vote at 
the meeting, with information on the proportion of the Adjusted Loan Amount that is 
held by each respective Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall 
thereafter be approved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these  
provisions, Noteholders who have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or 
the equivalent shall be deemed to be present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only  
those who were Noteholders or representatives for such Noteholders on the fifth

--- Page 37 ---
34(57) 
 
Business Day prior to the Noteholders’ Meeting, and who are covered by the 
Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting 
Register. The Company shall be granted access to relevant voting calculations and 
the basis for these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and made 
available to Noteholders, the Company, and the Calculation Agent. 
11.9 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing 
at least 90 per cent of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which 
Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
any change in the Maturity Date, reduction of the Nominal Amount, change in 
terms relating to interest or the amount to be repaid (other than in accordance 
with the Loan Terms); 
(b) 
any change in the provisions governing the Noteholders’ Meeting according to 
this section 11; and 
(c) 
substitution of debtor. 
11.10 Matters which are not covered by Section 11.9 require the approval of Noteholders 
representing more than 50 per cent of that portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for 
which Noteholders are voting under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
This includes, but is not limited to, amendments and waivers of rights in relation to  
the Loan Terms which do not require a greater majority (other than changes in 
accordance with section 12 (Amendments of terms etc.) and acceleration of Loans. 
11.11 A quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person 
or via telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at 
least 50 per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount for matters listed in section 11.9 and 
for any other matter 20 per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
11.12 If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the 
Calculation Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with 
section 11.2) provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the 
initiator of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The quorum requirement in section 11.11 is not 
applicable to such new Noteholders’ Meeting. If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the 
quorum requirement for some, but not all, matters which are to be resolved on in the 
Noteholders’ Meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters for which a quorum 
is present, and any other matter shall be referred to a new Noteholders’  
Meeting. 
11.13 A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which imposes new obligations on, or limits the 
rights of, the Company or an Issuing Dealer under the Terms and Conditions requires 
the written approval of the relevant party. 
11.14 A Noteholder which holds more than one MTN need not vote for all, or vote in the 
same way for all, MTN held. 
11.15 The Company may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any 
compensation to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such

--- Page 38 ---
35(57) 
 
compensation is offered to all Noteholders who provide their consent at the relevant 
Noteholders’ Meeting. 
11.16 A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under 
the relevant Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. 
Noteholders shall not be held liable for any damage that the decision may cause 
another Noteholder. 
11.17 The Company shall reimburse the Calculation Agent for costs and disbursements 
incurred by it in connection with the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable 
compensation for the Calculation Agent. 
11.18 At the request of the Calculation Agent, the Company shall provide the Calculation 
Agent with a certificate, without delay, stating the Nominal Amount for MTN owned by 
Group Companies on the relevant Record Date before a Noteholders’ Meeting, 
regardless of whether such Group Company is directly registered as an owner of 
MTN. The Calculation Agent shall not be held responsible for the content of such 
certificate or otherwise for determining whether an MTN is owned by a Group 
Company. 
11.19 Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall be notified, without delay, of any and all 
decisions made at a Noteholders’ Meeting through a press release published on the 
Company’s website and in accordance with Section 14 (Notices). At the request of a 
Noteholder or the Issuing Dealer, the Calculation Agent shall provide the Noteholder 
with the minutes from the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. Failure to notify the 
Noteholders as stated above in this section does not affect the validity of the  
decision. 
12. 
AMENDMENT OF TERMS, ETC.  
12.1 
The Company and the Dealers may agree on adjustments to clear and obvious errors 
in these Terms and Conditions. 
12.2 
The Company and the Calculation Agent may agree on adjustments to clear and 
obvious errors in the Final Terms for certain Loans. 
12.3 
Appointment of a Dealer to the MTN Programme may be made through an 
agreement between the Company, the relevant Dealer, and other Dealers. A Dealer 
may retire as a Dealer. However, a Calculation Agent under a particular Loan may 
only retire as such if a new Calculation Agent is simultaneously appointed in its place. 
12.4 
Changes to, or waivers of, Loan Terms in cases other than those set forth in sections 
12.1 to 12.2 must be made through a decision taken at a Noteholders’ Meeting 
according to section 11 (Noteholders’ Meeting) with approval by the Company and any 
relevant parties in accordance with section 11.13 and other relevant provisions. 
12.5 
An approval at a Noteholders’ Meeting of an amendment of the terms may cover the 
substantive content of the change and need not contain a specific drafting of the 
change. 
12.6 
A decision regarding an amendment of the terms shall also include a decision in 
respect of when the amendment enters into force. However, an amendment shall not

--- Page 39 ---
36(57) 
 
enter into force before it has been registered with Euroclear Sweden (where 
applicable) and published on the Company’s website. 
12.7 
Notice of amendments or waivers of Loan Terms in accordance with this section 12 
must be given to the Noteholders in accordance with section 14 (Notices) and 
published on the Company’s website. 
13. 
PRESCRIPTION 
13.1 
Claims for repayment of principal shall be subject to a time bar of 10 years from the 
Maturity Date. Claims for interest shall be subject to a time bar of 3 years after each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. In the event a claim is barred, any funds set aside for 
payment of such claim shall vest in the Company. 
13.2 
If a period of limitation is tolled, a new limitation period will commence of ten years 
with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal, and of three years with 
respect to the right to receive payment of interest, in both cases calculated from the 
date of the tolling of the limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the 
provisions of the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw: Preskriptionslag (1981:130)). 
14. 
NOTICES  
14.1 
Notices shall be given to the Noteholders of the relevant Loan at the address 
registered with Euroclear Sweden on the Record Date prior to dispatch. A notice to  
the Noteholders shall also be published through a press release and published on the 
Company’s website. 
14.2 
Notice shall be given to the Company and each Dealer at the address registered with 
the Swedish Companies Registration Office at the time notice is given. 
14.3 
A notice to the Company or the Noteholders according to the Loan Terms which is 
sent by normal mail to the stated address shall be deemed to have been received by 
the recipient on the third Business Day after dispatch and notice sent by courier shall 
be deemed to have been received by the recipient when handed over at the stated 
address. 
14.4 
The failure to send notice to a particular Noteholder in the correct manner shall not 
have any impact on the legal effect of notice to other Noteholders.  
15. 
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, ETC. 
15.1 
The Dealers shall not be liable for any damage as a consequence of Swedish or 
foreign legislation, actions by Swedish or foreign public authorities, acts of war, 
strikes, blockades, boycotts, lockouts, or any other similar circumstance. The 
reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts, and lockouts applies 
notwithstanding that the Dealer itself takes such measures or is subject to such 
measures. 
15.2 
Damage which arises in other cases shall not be compensated by the Dealer provided 
the Dealer acted with normal care. 
15.3 
Neither the Company nor the Dealer shall be obligated in any circumstance to pay 
compensation for indirect loss.

--- Page 40 ---
37(57) 
 
15.4 
In the event a Dealer is prevented from taking a measure as a consequence of a 
circumstance set forth in section 15.1, the measure may be postponed until such time 
as the impediment no longer exists. 
15.5 
The provision set forth above shall apply unless otherwise required by the Swedish 
Financial Instruments Accounting Act. 
16. 
GUARANTEE 
In accordance with Appendix 2, the Guarantor has provided a guarantee as for its 
own debt (Sw: proprieborgen) for all of the Company’s obligations under the Loans  
issued under the MTN Programme. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Swedish law shall apply to the Loan Terms and any non-contractual issues which 
arise in conjunction with the Loan Terms. 
17.2 
Any dispute shall be resolved by a Swedish court of law. The Stockholm District Court 
shall be the court of first instance. 
 
It is hereby confirmed that the above terms and conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm 19 October 2018 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)

--- Page 41 ---
38(57) 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The following form is used for the Final Terms for each Loan issued under the MTN 
Programme. 
 
Boliden AB (publ) 
Final Terms 
for Loan number [●] 
under Boliden AB (publ)’s (“Company”) Swedish MTN Programme 
 
The Terms and Conditions dated 19 October 2018 and the Final Terms set forth below shall 
apply to the Loan. Unless otherwise stated, definitions used in these Final Terms are set forth 
in the Terms and Conditions or otherwise in the Company’s Base Prospectus, approved and 
registered with the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on [●], including any published 
supplemental prospectus prepared for the MTN Programme from time to time in accordance 
with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC, referred to as the 
“Prospectus Regulation” (“Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
for the Loan and has been prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Complete information regarding the Company and the Loan may only be obtained through a 
reading of the Final Terms together with the Base Prospectus (as supplemented). 
The Base Prospectus and any supplemental prospectus are available on the Company’s 
website (www.boliden.com). 
 
 
[[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [date], whereupon the Nominal Amount 
has been increased from [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in words] to [SEK]/[EUR] [amount in figures].] 
 
 
GENERAL 
1.  Loan number: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
  Tranche name:  
[●] 
2.  Aggregate Nominal Amount:
 
 (i) 
For [the Loan:] 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
 (ii) 
Tranche 1: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] 
 (iii) 
[Tranche 2:] 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●]

--- Page 42 ---
39(57) 
 
3.  Price per MTN: 
[●] % of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest
 
 from and including [●]] 
4.  Currency: 
[SEK]/[EUR] 
5.  Nominal amount: 
[SEK]/[EUR] [●] (the stated amount may not be 
less than EUR 100,000 or an equivalent amount in 
SEK) 
6.  Loan Date: 
[●]  
7.  Interest Commencement Date:
[Loan Date]/[●] 
8.  Settlement Date: 
[Loan Date]/[●] 
 
(i) 
[Tranche 1:] 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche 2:]  
[●] 
9.  Maturity Date: 
[●] 
10.  Interest Structure: 
[Fixed Rate]/ 
[Floating Rate (FRN)]/ 
[Zero Coupon] 
11.  Amount as basis for calculation 
of interest: 
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
 BASIS FOR CALCULATION OF RETURN 
12.  Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
(i) 
 Interest Rate: 
[●] % per year 
(ii) 
 Interest Period: 
Period from [●] up to and including [●] (the first 
Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
approximately [●] months with the final day on an 
Interest Payment Date 
(Correct the above in the event of a short or long 
first coupon) 
 
(iii) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually [●]] [Semi-annually [●] and [●] ] [Quarterly 
[●], [●], [●] and [●]], the first time on [●] and the last 
time on [●], however if such a day is not a Business 
Day, interest will not be paid until the following 
Business Day. Interest is calculated and payable,

--- Page 43 ---
40(57) 
 
however, only up to and including the Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
(iv) 
 Day Count Convention: 
30/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
 
(v) 
 Risk factors:  
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the 
heading Risks relating to interest rate constructions 
in the Base Prospectus. 
13.  Floating Rate (FRN:) 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining 
subheadings under this heading) 
 (i) 
 Base Rate: 
[●] months [STIBOR]/[EURIBOR] 
[The Interest Base for the first coupon will be [[●]/a 
linear interpolation between [●] months [STIBOR]/ 
[EURIBOR] and [•] months [STIBOR]/ [EURIBOR]] 
 (ii) 
 Interest Base Margin: 
[+/-] [●] % per year 
 (iii) 
 Interest Determination 
Date: 
[Second] Business Day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period, the first time on [●] 
 (iv) 
 Interest Period: 
The period from [●] up to and including [●] (the first 
interest period) and thereafter each period of about 
[●] months with the final day on an Interest Payment 
Date 
 (v) 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●], [●], [●] and [●] of each year, the first time on [●]
and the last time on [●]. However, if such a day is 
not a Business Day, the Interest Payment Date shall 
instead be the next Business Day provided that 
such Business Day does not fall in the new calendar 
month, in which case the Interest Payment Date 
shall be the preceding Business Day. Interest is 
calculated and payable up to and including each 
relevant Interest Payment Date. 
 (vi) 
 Day Count Convention: 
Actual/360 [Adjusted]/[Unadjusted] 
14.  Zero Coupon: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
(i) 
 Terms for Loans without 
interest:  
[Specify details] 
(ii) 
 Risk Factors: 
In accordance with the Risk Factor with the heading
Risks relating to interest rate constructions in the 
Base Prospectus 
 REPAYMENT

--- Page 44 ---
41(57) 
 
Miscellaneous 
15.  Issuing Dealer[s]: 
[Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)3]/[Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB Bank 
ASA, filial Sverige]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[specify] 
16.  Calculation agent: 
[Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)4]/[Danske 
Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial]/[DNB Bank 
ASA, filial Sverige]/[Nordea Bank 
Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ)]/[Swedbank AB (publ)]/[specify] 
17.  Admission to trading: 
[Applicable]/[Not applicable]  
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings 
under this section) 
 
(i) 
 Relevant market: 
An application for registration will be submitted to 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[state other regulated market] 
 
(ii) 
 Estimate of all costs in 
conjunction with admission to 
trading: 
SEK [●] 
 
(iii) 
 Total number of securities 
admitted to trading: 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
 Earliest date for admission to 
trading: 
[Loan date]/[●]  
[Tranche 1:] 
[Tranche 2:] 
18.  ISIN: 
SE[●] 
19.  Credit rating for the Loan 
[Not applicable]/[specify] 
20.  Resolution as basis for the Issue: [In accordance with the Base Prospectus]/[specify] 
21.  Interests of natural or legal 
persons involved in the Issue: 
[Other than the compensation paid to the Issuing Dealers 
based on their participation in the MTN Programme and 
 
3 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities. 
4 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 45 ---
42(57) 
 
this Issue, the Company is not aware of any persons 
involved with any interest of significance to the Issue]  
[description of the interests of significance to the Issue for 
any natural or legal persons involved in the issue, 
including conflicts of interest] 
22.  Information from third parties: 
[Information contained in these Final Terms that comes 
from a third party has been accurately reproduced and,
to the extent the Company is aware and is able to 
ascertain from a comparison with other information that 
has been published by the relevant third party, no facts 
have been omitted in a way that would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading]/[Not 
Applicable] 
23.  The use of the proceeds:  
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities]/[specify] 
24.  The estimated net amount of the 
proceeds: 
[EUR]/[SEK] [●] less customary transaction costs and 
fees. 
 
The Company confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this MTN 
Programme regarding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of the 
Company. 
The Company further confirms that the above Final Terms are applicable to the Loan, together 
with the Terms and Conditions, and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and, where 
applicable, interest. 
 
[Place] [date for signing of Final Terms] 
BOLIDEN AB (PUBL)

--- Page 46 ---
43(57) 
 
GUARANTEE 
Between Boliden AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556051-4142) (the “Company”) and Danske Bank A/S, 
Danmark, Sverige filial, DNB Bank ASA, filial Sverige, Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska 
Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ)5 and Swedbank AB 
(publ) (together the ”Dealers”), an agreement was signed on 19 October 2018 (Sw: 
emissionsavtal) (the “Agreement”) regarding the establishment of a Swedish Medium Term 
Note Programme (“MTN Programme”) under which the Company intends to raise loans on 
the Capital Market by issuing notes in SEK or EUR.  
 
With reference to the MTN Programme, Boliden Mineral AB (publ) (Reg. No. 556231-6850) 
(the “Guarantor”) hereby guarantees as principal obligor as for its own debt (Sw: 
proprieborgen) all of the Company’s obligations, as agreed in this guarantee (the 
“Guarantee”). 
 
In addition to the definitions set forth in this Guarantee, the terms defined in the Agreement 
and in the Terms and Conditions (appended to the Agreement) shall have the same meaning 
when used in this Guarantee. 
 
The Terms and Conditions and the relevant Final Terms shall apply to each MTN. The 
obligations set forth in paragraph 4-6 below shall apply to the Guarantor only in case the 
Company has not already fulfilled such obligations in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions. 
 
1. 
The Guarantor has reviewed and approved the conditions set forth in the Agreement and 
the Terms and Conditions (as amended from time to time). 
 
2. 
All of the Company’s obligations according to the Agreement, the Terms and Conditions 
and all Loans issued under the MTN Programme are guaranteed by the Guarantor as 
principal obligor as for its own debt (Sw:proprieborgen). The Guarantee continues in 
force until all obligations under the Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and all Loans 
issued under the MTN Programme have been fulfilled. The obligations under this 
Guarantee shall be in force even if the Framework Amount has been exceeded. 
 
3. 
The Guarantor’s obligations are limited to the extent (and only if a limitation applies) 
required to avoid breach of the provisions on unlawful value transfers according to 
chapter 17, paragraph 1-3 in the Swedish Companies Act (Sw: aktiebolagslagen 
(2005:551)) (as amended from time to time). 
 
 
4. 
The Guarantor further guarantees that as long as there are outstanding MTN the 
Guarantor shall not sell or otherwise dispose of any material fixed assets if such disposal 
threatens the Guarantor's ability to fulfill its payment obligations under this Guarantee. 
 
5. 
The Guarantor hereby confirms that its execution of this Guarantee do not violate any 
law, agreement, other rules or regulations binding on the Guarantor. 
 
6. 
All the notices to the Guarantor shall be made to the following address:  
 
 
5 Acting by its secondary business name, SEK Securities.

--- Page 47 ---
44(57) 
 
Postal address:  
 P.O. Box 44 
101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address:  
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
 
If a notice has been sent by registered letter (Sw. rekommenderat brev), the notice shall 
be deemed to have been received by the recipient no later than the third Business Day 
following the dispatch. If a message has been sent by e-mail, the message shall be 
deemed to have reached the addressee when it is actually received. However, if the e-
mail reaches the recipient after normal business hours, the message shall be deemed to 
have been received by the recipient at the beginning of the following Business Day. 
 
7. 
This Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
herewith, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. 
The courts of Sweden have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Guarantee. The City Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) 
shall be the court of first instance. 
 
__________________ 
 
Stockholm 19 October 2018 
 
BOLIDEN MINERAL AB (PUBL)

--- Page 48 ---
45(57) 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION AND STRUCTURE 
The business of the Group 
Business idea and strategy 
Boliden aims to be a leading metals company by establishing and operating competitive mines and smelters and 
by being the preferred choice for business partners. The primary focus for Boliden’s mining operations is the 
creation of growth through exploration and investments in organic growth, coupled with improved productivity 
and acquisitions where Boliden’s know how and competences can add value. For the smelters, the focus is on 
increasing profitability by concentrating on costs, improving process stability and the ability to process complex 
raw materials. 
Main operations 
The Group in total had as of 31 December 2020 approximately 6,000 employees. Its main business activities 
consist of mining, processing/producing and selling concentrates, metals, in particular the base metals zinc, 
copper, nickel and lead but also precious metal such as gold and silver, and certain by-products. 
The Group’s business is divided into two segments – mining and smelting. Boliden’s main metals – zinc and 
copper – are primarily sold to industrial customers in Europe. Boliden also conducts recycling of electronic 
materials and is a substantial market participant when it comes to recycling lead from car batteries. 
Mines 
As of 31 December 2020, Boliden mines comprise nine mines in six mining areas: Aitik, the Boliden Area and 
Garpenberg in Sweden, Kevitsa and Kylylahti in Finland and the Tara mine in Ireland. The Aitik mine is a 
medium-sized copper mine by international standards in terms of metal production and a significant copper mine 
in terms of ore extracted. Aitik also earns income from its by-metals gold and silver. Garpenberg is a medium-
sized zinc mine which also generates income from silver and lead. The Boliden Area is a small mining area that 
contains three underground mines extracting and processing metals such as silver, gold, zinc, lead and copper. 
Kevitsa is an expanding copper-nickel mine with several by-products and Kylylahti is a small mine with short 
life-span currently reviewing the possibility of increased cobalt extraction. Tara is a large zinc mine by 
international standards and also earns minor revenues from lead.  
Smelters 
Boliden’s five smelters are located in Sweden, Finland and Norway and comprise the Kokkola and Odda zinc 
smelters, the Rönnskär and Harjavalta copper smelters, and the Bergsöe lead smelter. The business area focuses 
on refining of concentrates and recycled raw materials, and sales of metals and by-products. The Kokkola zinc 
smelter is a major zinc producer by international standards, while the Odda zinc smelter is a small/medium-sized 
plant. The Rönnskär copper smelter is medium-sized, but has a material operation in electronic recycling. The 
Harjavalta copper smelter is small, but its nickel smelting operations are material by European standards.  
Share information 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Articles of Association, its share capital shall be no less than SEK 200,000,000 and no 
more than SEK 800,000,000, with its number of shares being no less than 200,000,000 and no more than 
800,000,000. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s registered share capital was SEK 578,914,338 
and the registered number of shares was 273,511,169.  
The Board of Directors will propose an automatic share redemption procedure to the Annual General Meeting 
(to be held on 27 April 2021). Each share will thus be divided into one ordinary share and one redemption share. 
The redemption share will then automatically be redeemed for SEK 6.00 per share. This corresponds to a total of 
SEK 1,641 m. 
Since December 2001, the shares in the Issuer have been listed on the regulated market of Nasdaq Stockholm 
under the short code BOL.

--- Page 49 ---
46(57) 
 
Ten largest shareholders as at 31 December 2020 
Name of shareholder 
Percentage of votes and share capital 
BlackRock Inc. 
5.0% 
T Rowe Price 
4.9% 
Handelsbanken Funds 
4.7% 
Swedbank Robur Funds 
3.1% 
Norges Banks Investment Management 
3.0% 
Vanguard Funds 
2.9% 
AMF Pension & Funds 
2.0% 
SEB Funds  
1.8% 
Söderbloms Factoringtjänst AB 
1.8% 
Artemis 
1.3% 
Total, ten largest shareholders 
30.5% 
 
Legal structure 
The Issuer is the ultimate parent company of the Group. The Issuer conducts limited operations on what is, for 
fiscal purposes, commission from Boliden Mineral and has no employees (other than the CEO). The Issuer’s 
operations mainly consist of owning shares in the operating subsidiaries and it is reliant of other entities within 
the Group to advance loans or make dividend distributions to the Issuer so as to enable it to make payments 
under the Notes. The Issuer is thus dependent upon receipt of sufficient income arising from the operations of the 
Group. The ability of the operating Group Companies to make payments is restricted by, among other things, the 
availability of funds, corporate restrictions and local law. 
Save for some additional subsidiaries which are dormant or of lesser significance, the Issuer’s shareholding of 
two directly owned and 19 indirectly owned subsidiaries as at 31 December 2020 is outlined in the below table. 
Name of subsidiary, registered office 
Registration number 
Shareholding and votes 
Boliden Limited, Toronto, Canada 
3977366 
100% 
3974677 Canada Inc, Toronto, Canada 
3974677 
100% 
1393512 Ontario Inc, Toronto, Canada 
1393512 
100% 
Boliden B.V., Drunen, Netherlands 
18048775 
100% 
Boliden Mineral AB, Skellefteå, Sweden 
556231-6850 
100% 
Boliden Harjavalta Oy, Harjavalta, Finland 
1591739-9 
100% 
Boliden Kylylahti Oy, Polvijärvi, Finland 
1925412-3 
100% 
Boliden Kevitsa Mining Oy, Petkula, Finland 
2345699-1 
100% 
Boliden Kuhmo Oy, Petkula, Finland 
1925450-2 
100% 
Boliden Kokkola Oy, Kokkola, Finland 
0772004-3 
100% 
Kokkolan Teollisuusvesi Oy, Kokkola, Finland 
2558533-2 
65% 
Boliden Commercial AB, Stockholm, Sweden 
556158-2205 
100% 
Boliden Commercial UK Ltd, Warwickshire, UK 
5723781 
100% 
Boliden Commercial Deutschland GmbH, Neuss, Germany 
HRB14237 
100% 
Tara Mines Holding DAC, Navan, Ireland 
60135 
100% 
Boliden Tara Mines DAC, Navan, Ireland 
33148 
100% 
      Irish Mine Development Ltd, Navan, Ireland 
174811 
100% 
      Rennicks and Bennett Ltd, Navan, Ireland 
34596 
100% 
        Boliden Odda AS, Odda, Norway 
911177870 
100% 
 Boliden Bergsöe AB, Landskrona, Sweden 
556041-8823 
100% 
Boliden Bergsoe A/S, Glostrup, Denmark 
20862149 
100%

--- Page 50 ---
47(57) 
 
THE ISSUER 
General corporate and Group information 
The Issuer’s legal and commercial name is Boliden AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556051-4142 and Legal 
Entity Identifier (LEI) Code 21380059QU7IM1ONDJ56. The registered office is at P.O. Box 44, SE-101 20 
Stockholm, Sweden. The telephone number of the Issuer is +46 (0)8 610 15 00. The Issuer was incorporated in 
Sweden on 27 November 1947 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) 
on 23 December 1947. The Issuer is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Issuer’s website is www.boliden.com. The 
information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the Base Prospectus. 
Boliden’s history stretches back to the 1920s, when the Company established a position in the fields of 
exploration, mining operations, concentration, smelting and recycling operations. Pursuant to the Issuer’s 
Articles of Association, the object of the Issuer’s business shall be to, directly or indirectly, pursue mining and 
produce metals, and thereto related business activities. 
Board of directors 
Pursuant to Boliden’s Articles of Association, the Board shall consist of no less than three and no more than ten 
members, with no deputy members, elected by the general meeting of the shareholders. Boliden’s employees 
have a statutory entitlement to appoint three employee members and three employee deputy members to the 
Board. The Board currently consists of seven members elected by the Annual General Meeting held in 2020 until 
the Annual General Meeting in 2021 and three Employee Members with three Deputy Members appointed by 
trade union organisations. 
Boliden’s Nomination Committee will propose to the Annual General Meeting 2021 (to be held on 27 April 
2021) that Anders Ullberg is re-elected as Chairman of the Board. In other respects, re-election of the Board 
Members Helene Biström, Perttu Louhiluto, Michael G:son Löw, Elisabeth Nilsson and Pia Rudengren is 
proposed. Per Lindberg and Karl-Henrik Sundström are proposed as new Members of the Board. Tom Erixon 
has declined re-election. 
Anders Ullberg 
Born 1946. Chairman of the Board since 2005 and Board member since 2005.  
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Boards of Eneqvist Consulting and Studsvik. Member 
of the Boards of Beijer Alma, Epiroc and Valedo Partners. Chairman of the Swedish Financial Reporting Board 
and Member of the Board of the European Financial Reporting Advisory Group. 
Helene Biström 
Born 1962. Board member since 2020. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering 
Other on-going principal assignments: EVP Commercial, BillerudKorsnäs. 
Tom Erixon 
Born 1960. Board member since 2013. 
Principal education: LL.B., MBA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: President and CEO of Alfa Laval. 
Michael G:son Löw 
Born 1951. Board member since 2010. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Boards of Concordia Maritime, Preem, Stena Bulk and 
Naturstenskompaniet International. Deputy Chairman of the Board of the Swedish Association for Energy 
Economics. Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA).

--- Page 51 ---
48(57) 
 
Elisabeth Nilsson 
Born 1953. Board member since 2015. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Dr. h.c. Luleå University of Technology. Member of the Board of 
EKN. Member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Engineering Sciences (IVA) and Hanaholmen’s Executive 
Board. Chairman of Vadstena-Akademin, the Knowledge Foundation (KK-stiftelsen) and the Scandinavian 
Japan Sasakawa Foundation. Special inquiry officer, Government Offices. 
Perttu Louhiluoto 
Born 1964. Board member since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics, LL.B. 
Other on-going principal assignments: – 
Pia Rudengren 
Born 1965. Board member since 2017. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Board of Social Initiative. Member of the Boards of 
Academedia and Picsmart. 
Marie Holmberg 
Born 1963. Board member, employee representative since 2008. Deputy member 2005–2008. 
Other on-going assignments: Representative of the Swedish Association of Graduate Engineers and PTK (the 
council for negotiation and cooperation). 
Kenneth Ståhl 
Born 1973. Board member, employee representative since 2014.  
Other on-going assignments: Representative of IF Metall (the Swedish Metalworkers’ Union). Chairman of the 
IF Metall Bergsöe branch.  
Cathrin Öderyd 
Born 1975. Board member, employee representative since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of the IF Metall Aitik branch. Member of Boliden Workers’ Council. 
Ola Holmström 
Born 1965. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2017. 
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of the IF Metall Kristineberg branch, FSG (Trade union cooperation) 
and Boliden Workers’ Council. 
Magnus Filipsson 
Born 1974. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments: Representative of the Unionen trade union. 
Gard Folkvord 
Born 1969. Deputy Board member, employee representative since 2018. 
Other on-going assignments: Chairman of Odda Kjemiske Arbeiderforening. Member of the competence 
committee for Industri Energi. Member of Odda municipality Board (A). Chairman of Oddaprodukt AS. 
The Group Management 
Mikael Staffas 
Born 1965. President & CEO since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, MBA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Boards of Eurometaux and SveMin (trade association 
for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden). Vice Chairman of the Board of the Employers’ Association

--- Page 52 ---
49(57) 
 
of the Mines (GAF). Board member of the International Zinc Association, the International Copper Association 
and the Swedish Industrial Employers. 
Håkan Gabrielsson 
Born 1967. CFO since 2016. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business Administration. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Åsa Jackson  
Born 1964. Director Corporate Responsibility since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business and Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Stefan Romedahl 
Born 1967. President – Boliden Mines since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Geotechnology. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Board of the Mining Employers’ Association (GAF), 
SveMin (trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden) and Euromines. 
Daniel Peltonen 
Born 1971. President – Boliden Smelters since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Chemical Technology & Industrial Economy. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Additional information on the Board and the Group Management 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board and the Group Management is c/o Boliden Mineral AB, P.O. Box 44, 
SE-101 20 Stockholm, Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No members of the Board or Group Management of the Issuer has any private interest that might conflict with 
the Issuer’s interests. 
Auditor 
Deloitte AB (Rehnsgatan 11, SE-113 79 Stockholm, Sweden) is the Issuer’s auditor since 2015. Jan Berntsson, 
born 1964, is auditor in charge. Jan Berntsson is an authorised public accountant and member of FAR, the 
professional institute for accountants in Sweden.

--- Page 53 ---
50(57) 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
General corporate information 
The Guarantor’s legal and commercial name is Boliden Mineral AB (publ) with Swedish Reg. No. 556231-6850 
and Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Code 213800X3MEX5WPW7DI33. The registered office is at SE-936 81 
Boliden. The telephone number of the Guarantor is +46 (0)910 77 40 00. The Guarantor was incorporated in 
Sweden on 27 December 1982 and registered with the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Bolagsverket) 
on 13 July 1983. The Guarantor is a public limited liability company (publikt aktiebolag) regulated by the 
Swedish Companies Act (aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Guarantor is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the 
Issuer. 
Pursuant to the Guarantor’s Articles of Association, the object of the Guarantor’s business shall be to, directly or 
indirectly, conduct mining, concentration, metallurgic and chemical industrial business, own and manage real or 
personal property, and thereto related activities. 
Business description 
Boliden Mineral is the main operating entity of the Group and has on the date of this Base Prospectus 
approximately 3,400 employees, including most of Group Management. Boliden Mineral operates mines in the 
north of Sweden as well as the Rönnskär smelter close to Skellefteå and owns most of the groups other operating 
entities and also contains certain common functions. 
Borrowing from external lenders is typically made directly by or through Boliden Mineral and thus Boliden 
Mineral has a function of an internal bank of the Group. 
Board of directors 
Stefan Romedahl 
Born 1967. Chairman of the Boliden Mineral AB Board since 2018. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Geotechnology. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Member of the Board of the Mining Employers’ Association (GAF), 
SveMin (trade association for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden) and Euromines. 
Mikael Staffas 
Born 1965. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2011. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Engineering, MBA. 
Other on-going principal assignments: Chairman of the Boards of Eurometaux and SveMin (trade association 
for mines, mineral and metal producers in Sweden). Vice Chairman of the Board of the Employers’ Association 
of the Mines (GAF). Board member of the International Zinc Association, the International Copper Association 
and the Swedish Industrial Employers. 
Håkan Gabrielsson 
Born 1967. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2016. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business Administration. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Åsa Jackson  
Born 1964. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Business and Economics. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A 
Daniel Peltonen 
Born 1971. Board member of Boliden Mineral AB since 2019. 
Principal education: M.Sc. Chemical Technology & Industrial Economy. 
Other on-going principal assignments: N/A

--- Page 54 ---
51(57) 
 
Group Management 
For information on Boliden Mineral’s Group Management, see “The Group Management” in “The Issuer” 
above. 
Additional information on the Board 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board is c/o Boliden Mineral AB, P.O. Box 44, SE-101 20 Stockholm, 
Sweden. 
Conflicts of interest 
No members of the Board of the Guarantor has any private interest that might conflict with the Issuer’s interests. 
Auditor 
For information on Boliden Mineral’s auditor, see “Auditor” in “The Issuer” above.

--- Page 55 ---
52(57) 
 
LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION 
Information about the Base Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority (Finansinspektionen) 
(the “SFSA”) as a competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA only approves this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. The SFSA’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer that is the 
subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the securities. 
Authorisation and responsibility 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary resolutions, authorisations and approvals required in conjunction with the 
Notes and the performance of its obligations relating thereto. This Base Prospectus was approved by the SFSA 
on 31 March 2021. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the 
best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that 
the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. The Board of Directors of the Issuer is, to the 
extent provided by law, responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and 
that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Group is currently, and may from time to time be, subject to disputes, claims and administrative proceedings 
as a part of the ordinary course of business. Save for the on-going disputes described below, the Group is not a 
party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the previous twelve months which may have, or have had in 
the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s and/or the Group’s financial position or profitability. 
Dam accident 
In 1998, a dam accident occurred in a tailings pond at the Los Frailes mine in Spain, which was then owned by 
Boliden’s subsidiary, Boliden Apirsa S.L. (“Apirsa”). It was established that the likely cause of the accident was 
design and construction errors in the dam. Nevertheless, Apirsa was ordered to pay approximately EUR 45 m in 
clean-up costs, damages and fines to the Spanish Ministry of the Environment. In addition, as a consequence of 
the accident, the local government (Junta de Andalucía) brought a claim against Apirsa, Boliden BV and Boliden 
for reimbursement for clean-up related costs totalling slightly over EUR 89 m. 
In 2005, Apirsa initiated insolvency proceedings to ensure a coordinated and orderly liquidation of the company. 
The receivers in the bankruptcy requested that Apirsa’s parent company, Boliden BV, together with Boliden 
Mineral and Boliden should be held liable for Apirsa’s total deficit of just over EUR 142 m, including the above 
mentioned clean-up costs of EUR 45 m and the alleged EUR 89 m claim from the Junta de Andalucia, which is 
still pending in the court of the first instance in Seville. Boliden has not made any provisions in relation to 
Apirsa related disputes.  
Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment increased 
The Finnish tax authorities have increased Boliden Kevitsa Oy’s tax assessment for the years from 2012 to 2016, 
which would result in an increase in tax expenses of approximately EUR 30 m (including penalties and interest). 
The increased assessment is attributable to the period prior to Kevitsa’s acquisition by Boliden. The decision, 
which was confirmed in March 2020 by the Finnish Board of Adjustment, has been appealed by Boliden. 
In accordance with the provisions of the share purchase agreement, Boliden has demanded that the seller, First 
Quantum Minerals (FQM), indemnify Boliden for any harm that Boliden may incur as a result of the increased 
tax assessment. In order to avoid the limitation or loss of Boliden’s rights in the share purchase agreement, 
Boliden has filed a lawsuit against FQM in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice in Canada, where FQM is 
domiciled. In the light of these circumstances, no provision for any increased tax expense has been made in the 
financial statements.

--- Page 56 ---
53(57) 
 
Certain material interests 
The Arranger has engaged in, and may in the future engage in, investment banking and/or commercial banking 
or other services for Boliden in the ordinary course of business. In particular, it should be noted that the Arranger 
may be the lender under certain credit facilities with a member of the Group as borrower. Therefore, conflicts of 
interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Arranger had previously engaged, or will in the future engage, in 
transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying out other transactions for third parties with 
conflicting interests. 
The Arranger or its affiliates may be or become shareholders in the Issuer. 
Trend information 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 10 March 2021, being the date of 
the publication of the last audited financial information of the Group. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since 31 December 2020, being 
the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Significant changes since 31 December 2020 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position of the Group since 31 December 2020, being the 
end of the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published. 
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are party to any material contracts that are not entered into in the ordinary 
course of business, which could result in any group member being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes or the Guarantors ability to fulfil its 
obligation under the Guarantee. 
Incorporation by reference 
The following information has been incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference and should be read as 
part of this Base Prospectus: 
Annual Report for 20196 
  
Page 
Consolidated Income Statement 
  
71 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
71 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  
72 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   
73 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
  
74 
Notes 
  
76–100 
Auditor’s report 
  
102–105 
 
 
 
 
6 https://vp217.alertir.com/afw/files/press/boliden/202003107199-1.pdf.

--- Page 57 ---
54(57) 
 
Annual Report for 20207 
  
Page 
Consolidated Income Statement 
  
69 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
69 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
  
70 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity   
71 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow 
  
72 
Notes 
  
74–99 
Auditor’s report 
  
101–104 
Information in the above documents which is not incorporated by reference is either deemed by the Issuer not to 
be relevant for investors in Notes or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s Annual Reports for 2019 and 2020 have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) as adopted by EU and in accordance with the Swedish Annual Accounts Act 
(årsredovisningslagen (1995:1554)). The Annual Reports for 2019 and 2020 have been audited by the Issuer’s 
auditor. Save for the 2019 and 2020 financial statements as incorporated by reference herein, no information in 
this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s auditor. 
Documents on display 
The Issuer’s Certificate of Registration and Articles of Association are electronically available at 
https://www.boliden.com/operations/about-boliden/corporate-governance for the term of the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
 
7 https://vp217.alertir.com/afw/files/press/boliden/202103096361-1.pdf.

--- Page 58 ---
55(57) 
 
ADDRESSES 
 
The Issuer 
Boliden AB (publ) 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 44 
SE-101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
The Arranger 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Address: 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www.swedbank.se  
The Dealers 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
Address: 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www.swedbank.se  
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial 
Address: 
SE-103 92 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)752-48 49 30 
www.danskebank.se  
 
DNB Bank ASA, Filial Sverige 
Address: 
SE-111 56 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Regeringsgatan 59 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 47 34 100 
www.dnb.se 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB 
(publ) 
Address: 
SE-111 47 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Kungsträdgårdsgatan 8 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 506 232 09 
www.seb.se 
 
Aktiebolaget Svensk Exportkredit (publ) 
Address: 
P.O. Box 194 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Klarabergsviadukten 61-63 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 61 38 300 
www.sek.se 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Postal address: 
P.O. Box 850 
0900 Copenhagen C 
Denmark  
Visiting Adress:  
Aleksis Kiven katu 7, 
Helsinki, Finland 
Telephone:  
+45 5547 1479/ 
1486/1487+358 9 
www.nordea.com 
Legal Advisor to the Issuer 
Mannheimer Swartling Advokatbyrå  
Postal address 
P.O. Box 1711 
SE-111 87 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Norrlandsgatan 21 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 595 060 00 
www.mannheimerswartling.se 
The Guarantor 
Boliden Mineral AB (publ) 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 44 
SE-101 20 Stockholm 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Klarabergsviadukten 90 
Telephone: 
 +46 (0)8 610 15 00 
www.boliden.com 
Auditor to the Issuer 
Deloitte AB  
Postal address: 
Rehnsgatan 11 
SE-113 79 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
Visiting address: 
Rehnsgatan 11 
www.deloitte.com/se

--- Page 59 ---
56(57) 
 
Account Operator 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Postal address:  
P.O. Box 191 
 
SE-101 23 Stockholm, 
Sweden 
 
 
 
Visiting address:  
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
SE-111 64 Stockholm, Sweden 
Telephone: 
+46 (0)8 402 90 00 
www.euroclear.com/sweden

--- Page 60 ---
www.boliden.com