--- Page 1 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bonheur ASA 
 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 8 December 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Propectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Bonheur ASA’s (the 
Company) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their websites 
(www.dnb.no and www.paretosec.com).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company in private and/or 
public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Propectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Propectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Propectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Propectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Propectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Propectus dated 8 December 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Propectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Propectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding the 
Base Propectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ...................................................................................................................7 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE ....................................................................................................9 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 10 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER ................................................................................... 11 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 12 
7 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 15 
8 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 16 
9 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS .................................................................................................. 18 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 19 
11 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES .......................................................................................... 20 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 21 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 22 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 30 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS’ DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 31 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR BONHEUR ASA ..................................................... 32 
ANNEX 2 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 33

--- Page 4 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Bonheur ASA involves inherent risks.   
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is particularly aware and 
that the Company considers to be material to its business.  If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s 
business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, and the 
Company could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the bonds.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors set out in this Base 
Propectus, before making an investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
   
 
 
 
Risk factors related to the Issuer 
 
Risk related to our business and the industries in which we operate  
Asset utilization risk 
The Issuer is a holding company with investments in various diversified business segments organized within 
subsidiary companies which each operate on an autonomous basis. The profitability within the various business 
segments organized under the Issuer will, to a large extent, depend on the degree of revenue generating of the 
respective segments’ main assets which currently are operating onshore wind farms, offshore wind turbine 
transportation, installation and service vessels and cruise vessels. A significant part of these segments’ cost base 
are fixed. As such, fluctuations in revenues may give corresponding impact on profitability and cash flow from 
operations. 
Revenue generation for the Renewable Energy segment is inter alia dependent on wind resources, electricity 
prices in the UK and Scandinavia and wind turbine up time. The electricity price received for power produced 
derives from a mix between fixed governmental backed supporting schemes and prevailing spot market. The 
revenues from the support regimes will expire in the period between 2027-2037. Consequently, FORAS’ results 
are increasingly impacted by fluctuations in spot market electricity prices going forward. 
Similar for the Wind Service segment, revenue generation is mainly linked to revenues achieved based on the 
utilization of the vessels and activity level in GWS. The key drivers for revenues and/or utilization are inter alia the 
number of new wind turbine installations, demand for operations and maintenance work on existing wind farms, 
the competitive situation including inter alia availability of installation vessels in the market, technical up time and 
the companies’ ability to secure and execute new contracts. 
For the Cruise segment, revenue generation is inter alia dependent on consumers’ demand for cruise holidays, 
technical up time and the competitive situation including the ability to successfully schedule, market and sell 
cruise holidays. The segment is exposed to fluctuations in bunker fuel prices. In addition, vessels may be subject 
to additional various regulatory fuel, and/or emission requirements and/or limitations on national/international 
cruise operations restrictions (as seen during Covid 19 pandemic) which can impact which area they can operate 
in, cost levels and/or need for additional upgrades of the vessels.   
 
The Cruise segment was severely impacted by Covid-19 during 2020, with all four ships in the fleet in lay-up from 
mid-March 2020. During 2021 the two vessels Borealis and Bolette resumed operations, with the two remaining 
vessels Balmoral and Braemar expected to be gradually phased into operations later. 
 
The full impact from the Covid-19 virus pandemic remains too early to predict, both regarding the Cruise segment, 
the Group as a whole and the world economy. From an accounting perspective, potential new periods of 
lockdowns, new mutations, and slow vaccine roll-outs, increase the risk of impairments and may also affect 
accounting estimates going forward.   
Key factors iaffectin the profit of the Group’s media activities are subscription fees and advertising revenues, of 
which the later one is espcically volatile and affected by inter alia changes in macro economicall conditions. The 
Bonheur group of companies’ (the “Group”) main activities are all in capital-intensive markets with a strong 
competitive situation. As such, significant additional capital investment may be needed in the future to preserve 
earnings potential and/or market position.

--- Page 5 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
5
Risk related to our financial profile 
Group indebtedness risk 
At end 2q21 the Issuer had approx. NOK2,6bn in financial indebtedness. Equity ratio on the Issuer on a 
nonconsolidated basis was at the same time 69%. In addition, financial indebtedness in various group companies, 
including FOO and FORAS was at the same time approx. NOK7.9bn. Existing financial indebtedness has 
covenants that limit the borrowers’ and or the Group’s operational and financial flexibility. In addition, the Group 
may incur additional debt in the future. Related debt service obligations and covenants to such indebtedness 
could have important consequences for the Group’s operations and flexibility. Increased Group leverage either 
through incurrence of additional financial indebtedness or reduced earnings may limit the Group’s ability to attract 
new capital to refinance existing financial indebtedness, to finance operations and or to finance investments 
needed to maintain a competitive market position.  
Liquidity risk 
The Issuer is a holding company and may be dependent upon cash being distributed from its subsidiaries to be 
able to service payments in respect of the Bonds. Deteriorating market conditions in the Group’s main segments, 
disruption to operations, contractual provisions or laws as well as financial restrictions may impact the said 
subsidiaries’ possibilities to distribute cash to the Issuer.    
Fair value of financial derivatives 
The Group from time to time holds derivative financial instruments to hedge its foreign currency, interest rate 
and/or commodity risk exposures. Currently interest rate swaps have been entered for inter alia for parts of two 
debt facilities related to 8 of FORAS’ wind farms. Total outstanding amount under these two facilties at end of 
2q21 was approx.  NOK5,7bn. Derivatives are recognized initially at fair value; attributable transaction costs are 
recognised in profit or loss when incurred. Subsequent to initial recognition, derivatives are measured at fair 
value. Fluctuations in fair value may incur negative implications for profit and financial position of the Group. 
 
Currency risk 
The Group of companies’ financial statements are presented in NOK. Revenues consist primarily of GBP, EUR, 
and NOK, with GBP and EUR as the dominant currency. The expenses are primarily in GBP, EUR, USD and 
NOK. As such, earnings are exposed to fluctuations in the currency market. Parts of the currency exposure are 
neutralized due to the majority of the debt and a large part of expenses being denominated in the same 
currencies as the main revenues. Forward exchange contracts are from time to time entered into in order to 
reduce future currency exposures. 
 
Risk factors related to the bonds 
Risk related to the market in general 
Interest rate risk  
The coupon payments, which depend on the NIBOR interest rate and a margin, will vary in accordance with the 
variability of the NIBOR interest rate. The impact on pricing of the Bonds itself related to interest rate risk will be 
limited, since the coupon rate will be adjusted quarterly according to the change in the reference interest rate 
(NIBOR 3 months) over the 5-year tenor. The primary price risk for a floating rate bond issue will be related to the 
market view of the correct trading level for the credit spread related to the bond issue at a certain time during the 
tenor, compared with the credit margin the bond issue is carrying. A possible increase in the credit spread trading 
level relative to the coupon defined credit margin may relate to general changes in the market conditions and/or 
Issuer specific circumstances.  
Market risk  
The price of the Bonds will be impacted by a combination of the general credit markets fundamentals, the 
market’s view of the credit risk of the Issuer and the liquidity of the Bonds in the market. As such, despite an 
underlying positive development in the Issuers business activities, the price of the Bond may fall independent of 
this fact. Bond issues with a relatively short tenor and a floating rate coupon rate do however in general carry a 
lower price risk compared to bonds with a longer tenor and/or with a fixed coupon rate. 
 
Liquidity risk  
There can be no assurance given regarding the future development of a trading market for the Bonds. Missing 
demand in the secondary market for the bonds may result in a loss for the bondholder. No market-maker 
agreement is entered into in relation to this bond amendment, and the liquidity of bonds will at all times depend on 
inter alia the market participants view of the credit quality of the Issuer as well as the general liquidity available in 
the bond market.  
 
Reference rate risk  
The bonds outstanding at the time of this Prospecturs are linked to NIBOR. NIBOR and other benchmark rates 
are the subject of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform including, without 
limitation, the potential replacement of NIBOR as a reference rate.

--- Page 6 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
6
 
 
Risk related to the Issue and the Bonds 
Debt service risk  
The Issuer is a holding company and may be dependent upon cash being distributed from its subsidiaries to be 
able to service payments in respect of the Bonds. Contractual provisions or laws as well as financial restrictions 
may impact subsidiaries possibilities to distribute cash to the Issuer.   
 
Refinancing risk 
The Issuer may in the future be required to refinance certain or all of its outstanding debt, including the Bonds. 
The Issuer’s ability to successfully refinance such debt is dependent on the conditions of the financial markets in 
general at such time, and in the financial position of the Group. 
 
Subordination relatively to claims in subsidiaries 
None of the Issuer’s subsidiaries guarantee or have any obligations to pay amounts due under the Bonds. 
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary including inter alia lenders under existing secured indebtedness 
related to wind parks and offshore wind transportation and installation vessels and trade creditors will have priority 
with respect to the assets of the subsidiary over the claims by holders of the Bonds.  
 
Change of control 
The Bond Agreement includes a change of control clause which can give each individual bondholder a right of 
pre-payment of the Bond at a price of 101% of par. The Issuer’s ability to redeem the Bonds with cash in such a 
situation may be limited and it cannot be assured that there will be sufficient funds available to make these 
repayments.

--- Page 7 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
7
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Bonheur ASA’s annual report of 2020 
 
Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Bonheur ASA, as amended and currently in 
effect 
 
Base Propectus 
This document dated 8 December 2021. 
The Base Propectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Propectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval shall not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subjet of this Base Propectus. The 
Base Propectus has been drawn up as part of a simplified prospectus in 
accordance with Article 14 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129.  
 
Board or  
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of Bonheur ASA 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/ 
Bonheur ASA 
Bonheur ASA, a Norwegian public joint-stock company organised under 
the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act 
 
Consolidated Financial 
Statements 
The consolidated financial statements and notes included in the 
Company’s annual report to shareholders 
 
EEA 
European Economic Area 
 
EU 
European Union 
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 2. 
 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the standards 
of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this 
template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own assessment as 
to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
FOCL 
Fred. Olsen Cruise Lines Ltd. 
 
FOO 
Fred. Olsen Ocean Ltd. and its subsidiaries 
 
FORAS 
Fred. Olsen Renewables AS with subsidiaries 
 
FOWIC 
Fred. Olsen Windcarrier AS 
 
FPV 
Floating Solar Photovoltaics 
 
Group 
The Company and its subsidiaries at any given time 
 
GWS 
Global Wind Service A/S 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Interim Report Q2 2021 
Bonheur’s interim report second quarter of 2021

--- Page 8 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
8
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
NGAAP 
Generally accepted account principles in Norway 
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus together with a Final Terms constitutes the 
Prospectus. 
 
Seawind 
Fred. Olsen Seawind ASA with subsidiaries 
 
UWL 
United Wind Logistics GmbH 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 9 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
9
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Propectus are as follows: 
Bonheur ASA, Fred. Olsens gt. 2, N-0152 Oslo, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Bonheur ASA declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the Base Propectus is in 
accordance with the facts and that the Base Propectus makes no omission likely to affect its import.    
 
 
Oslo, 8 December 2021 
 
 
 
Bonheur ASA

--- Page 10 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
10
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditor for the Issuer for the period covered by the historical financial information in this Base 
Prospectus has been KPMG AS, independent public accountants.  
 
KPMG AS is member of The Norwegian Institute of Public Accountants (Norwegian: Den Norske 
Revisorforeningen).

--- Page 11 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
11
5 Information about the Issuer 
5.1 Legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
The legal name of the Issuer is Bonheur ASA, and the commercial name of the Issuer is Bonheur. 
 
5.2 Domicile, legal form and contact details 
The Company is domiciled and incorporated in Norway. The Company is a public limited liability company 
organized under the laws of Norway, including the Public Limited Companies Act.  
 
The Company's registered address is Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 Oslo, Norway and the LEI code is 
213800HOQE1B34SUA323.  
 
The Company has no telephone number at its registered office according to the Norwegian Companies Registry. 
The Company's telephone number is +47 22 34 10 00 
 
The Company’s website is www.bonheur.no. The information on the website does not form part of the 
Registration Document unless that information is incorporated by reference into the Registration Document.

--- Page 12 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
12
6 Business overview    
Bonheur ASA (the “Company”) is a long-term active investor with a diversiffed portfolio of investments i across 
several business activities. Traditionally core activites have been linked to maritime and energy sectors. Currently, 
the Company’s four defined business segments are; Renewable Energy, Wind Service, Cruise and Other. The 
Group has more than 25 years track record in renewables and currently approx 2/3 of consolidated book assets of 
the Company are related to activities across the renewable energy value chain. 
 
Renewable energy 
The group’s activities in renewable energy development are carried out through FORAS, a leading developer and 
owner of renewanble energy assets and for offshore wind through Seawind. Core focus is onshore and offshore 
wind in addition to entering new technologies as floating solar. The Group’s trackrecord goes back to its first wind 
investmentin 1996 with a fully integratged in-house business model. The overall strategy is to participate from 
early stages of a project throughout the project life cycle including inter alia; site selection, planning, construction, 
operations and ownership opimizations. 
 
FORAS and Seawind are further investing in the future of renewable energy and is contributing into the 
development on how to produce greater efficiency through new production technologies in wind turbine design, 
manufacturing and the application of wind modeling. 
 
With the head office located in Oslo, the FORAS own and operate thirteen wind farms, of which nine are in 
Scotland, one in Norway and three in Sweden. Eight of the operating wind farms in Scotland are owned 51% by 
FORAS. 
 
FORAS has installed capacity of 805 MW, including wind farms under construction. In addition, FORAS has a 
significant portfolio of development projects onshore in the UK, Norway and Sweden as well as offshore Ireland.  
 
Onshore wind 
The below table gives an overview of all operative onshore wind farms as of date of prospectus: 
 
Country 
Wind farm 
Capacity (MW) 
Turbines 
Turbine type 
United Kingdom 
Crystal Rig I 
50 
20 
2.5 MW Nordex N80 
United Kingdom 
Crystal Rig II 
138 
60 
2.3 MW Siemens VS 
United Kingdom 
Crystal Rig III 
13.8 
6 
2.3 MW Siemens 
United Kingdom 
Rothes I 
50.6 
22 
2.3 MW Siemens CS 
United Kingdom 
Rothes II 
41.4 
18 
2.3 MW Siemens 
United Kingdom 
Paul's Hill 
64.4 
28 
2.3 MW Siemens CS 
United Kingdom 
Mid Hill 
75.9 
33 
2.3 MW Siemens 
United Kingdom 
Brockloch Rig Wind Farm 
61.5 
30 
2.05MW Senvion 
United Kingdom 
Brockloch Rig I 
21.6 
36 
600 kW Nordtank 
United Kingdom 
Brockloch Rig I Repower 
21.6 MW 
36 
600 kW 
Norway 
Lista 
71.3 
31 
Siemens SWT-2.3-93 
Sweden 
Fäbodliden 
79.2 
24 
Vestas V112 3.3 MW 
Sweden 
Högaliden 
107,5 
25 
Vestas V150 4.3MW 
 
Total capacity: 
775,2 MW 
369 
 
 
 
 
Offshore wind 
In recent years, increased focus has been put on offshore wind energy and the efforts has been scaled up 
significantly. As a result,  Seawind areworking in several markets, both individually and in partnership with other 
leading offshore wind developers, as well as investigating a range of new market opportunities. 
 
One of the key projects in the portfolio is the Codling Wind Park. This is set to be Ireland’s largest offshore wind 
farm and a major contributor to Ireland’s target of 5GW offshore wind energy by 2030. The project is developed in 
a Joint Venture with EDF Renewables. 
 
In Norway Seawind have entered into a  partnership with Ørsted and Hafslund Eco for the upcoming application 
round for offshore wind areas in Norway on Sørlige Nordsjø II and Utsira Nord. The consortium aims to deliver 
both bottom-fixed and floating offshore wind energy while developing the Norwegian supply chain for the 
expected large-scale build-out of offshore wind in Norway and in Europe.

--- Page 13 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
13
 
Utilising its extensive experience in Scotland gained through the development, construction and operation of 
onshore wind, Seawind are seeking to develop offshore wind projects also in this region. For Scotland's ongoing 
offshore wind leasing round "ScotWind", Seawind have entered into a partnership with Vattenfall. This Joint 
Venture brings together two companies with strong track records in Scotland. The partnership target to provide 
opportunities and create maximum value for the Scottish economy, local suppliers and communities. 
 
Floating solar 
Floating Solar Photovoltaics (FPV) is a strategic growth area in FORAS. The Fred. Olsen-related companies’ 170 
years of global experience from shipping, offshore construction, offshore energy production, and renewable power 
production, is used to manage technical and financial risks in potential projects. FORAS want to take a first-mover 
position as project developer, owner and operator in selected countries in Asia and Southern Europe, and FORAS 
will typically team up with one leading and financially strong local power producer in targeted countries. 
 
Moving FPV into the sea represents the next big step forward for FPV, and this opens many new opportunities to 
populous coastal cities and island states to generate clean solar power at scale. At the same time, the harsher 
marine environment imposes stringent requirements on floats, anchors, moorings, and components. 
 
To accelerate the technology development for near- and off-shore FPV, while managing the associated risks, 
FORAS have initiated two key innovation projects. The first through a research collaboration agreement with 
SERIS (Solar Energy Research Institute of Singapore) and the second with support from the European Union, the 
BOOST project. 
 
Wind service 
The segment consists of FOWIC, GWS and UWL. The companies are owned 100%, 92% and 50%, respectivly, 
through FOO. 
 
FOWIC was established in the beginning of 2008 to meet the increasing demand for offshore wind turbine 
installation vessels and related marine service vessels. The company focuses on providing clients with efficient 
and cost effective transport, installation and service solutions. 
 
The fleet consists of three self-elevating self-propelled jack-up installation vessels for offshore wind turbines. The 
company has initiated an upgrade program for its existing vessel to be able to install the next generation tubines 
coming to the market over the next years. The company has its offices in Oslo - Norway, Fredericia - Denmark, 
Lowestoft - UK, Pieta - Malta and Taipei - Taiwan. 
 
GWS is an international supplier of installation services, blade repair services and expertise to the global onshore 
and offshore wind turbine industry. 
 
UWL is a company offering services within marine transportation of offshore wind turbine components. The 
company took delivery of two newbuilds and purchased the vessel VestVind 1 in 2020. By end of the year the 
company had three owned vessels performing logistical services to the wind industry, of which two on long-term 
charter to MHI Vestas. The company is also engaged in logistical projects related to the emerging offshore wind 
activities in the Asia Pacific (APAC) region. 
 
 
Cruise 
The Group’s activities in cruise are carried out through the FOCL. The company’s headquarter is in Ipswich, 
England. 
 
FOCL operates a fleet of four cruise vessels. During 2020, the cruise fleet was optimized by way of divesting two 
existing seasoned vessels and acquiring two modern vessels. The two acquired vessels have a high yielding 
cabin mix and large public spaces, thus improving the fleet’s quality and capacity. The fleet, consisting of MV 
Balmoral, MV Borealis, MV Braemar and MV Bolette, have a total combined capacity of approximately 5 000 
passengers.  
 
The company offers a diverse range of cruise holidays from long round trips around the world to excursions 
throughout Scandinavia, the Mediterranean and the Canary Islands. Cruising from several UK ports for most of 
the year, to hundreds of destinations worldwide, FOCL offers a classical style of cruising to its customers. Also, 
FOCL also operates fly-cruises to several destinations. FOCL has a leading position in the UK small-medium ship 
segment, leveraging high customer service and proprietary itineraries, with the smaller vessels allowing for easier 
access to more destinations.

--- Page 14 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
14
The cruise operations were paused in March 2020 as a consequence of the Covid-19 situation. During 2021 the 
two vessels Borealis and Bolette resumed operations after a period of lay-up for the entire fleet. Initial itineraries 
were closer to home, with a gradual adoption of further afield and more exotic itineraries. The two remaining 
vessels Balmoral and Braemar are expected to be gradually phased into operations later. 
 
Other investments 
The Company has a 54.0% ownership of NHST Media Group AS. N. NHST has three business segments. Two 
come from traditional media and business journalism; (i) Norway’s largest business newspaper, Dagens 
Næringsliv and (ii) global publications for the shipping, oil and gas, aquaculture and fisheries and renewable 
energy industries. The last area focuses on Software-as-a-Service products for PR and media monitoring 
 
The Company further has a 100% ownership in the office building in Fred. Olsens gate 2 and Stavenes 
Byggeselskap AS.

--- Page 15 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
15
7 Trend information 
7.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited 
financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Propectus.

--- Page 16 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
16
8 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
8.1 Information about persons 
 
Board of Directors 
For the members of the Board of Directors of the Company the description below sets out the names, business 
address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of the principal activities performed by them outside the 
Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer:  
 
Name  
Position  
Thomas Fredrik Olsen 
Chairman 
Jannicke Hilland 
Director 
Bente Hagem 
Director 
Carol Bell 
Director 
Nicholas (Nick) A. Emery 
Director 
Andreas C. Mellbye  
Director 
 
For all members of the Board of Directors, the business address is Bonheur ASA, Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 
Oslo, Norway. 
 
Thomas Fredrik Olsen (1929) has been chairman of the Board since 1955. He is a Doctor of the University of 
Heriot Watt, a Fellow of the Royal Institution of Naval Architects and further holds the titles of Industry Pioneer 
from the Offshore Energy Center Hall of Fame in Galveston, Texas and the Institutium Canarium’s Dominik Wölfel 
Medal, Vienna. He was chairman of the Aker Group from 1957 to 1975 and from 1977 to 1981, chairman of Timex 
Corporation (USA) from 1980 to 2002 and of Harland & Wolff, Belfast from 1989 to 2001. He co- founded and was 
later chairman of the Norwegian Oil Consortium AS (NOCO), 1965-1983, and was a board member of SAGA 
Petroleum AS from 1972 to 1983. He was further chairman of Widerøe’s Flyveselskap AS, 1970-1983. Mr. Olsen 
has pioneered within tanker developments, rig developments (Aker H3 drilling design), watch developments and 
he headed the transition of the Aker yards from shipbuilding into offshore. He is member of the Norwegian 
Shipping Association’s Advisory Board. Mr. Olsen is a Norwegian citizen and resides in Oslo, Norway. 
 
Jannicke Hilland (1967) joined the board in 2020. She holds a PhD in Physics from the University of Bergen, a 
BSc Honours in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Manchester Institute of Science and 
Technology and a study in Strategic Leadership from the Norwegian Business School. Today she is the CEO of 
BKK, one of the larger renewable energy companies in Norway. In the period 2008 - 2015 she held different 
positions in Statoil, amongst other Head of Gullfaks operations, Vice President of Joint Operations on the 
Norwegian Continental Shelf and Senior Vice President for Safety, Security and Emergency Preparedness in the 
Corporate Executive Committee. In the last position accountable for the Statoil BoD Safety, Security, 
Sustainability and Ethics Committee. In the period 1998 - 2008 she held different positions in Hydro, amongst 
others as plattform manager on the Troll Field. She is also Member of Board in Nysnø Klimainvesteringer, 
Hexagon Purus and Energi Norge. 
 
Bente Hagem (1953) joined the board in 2020. She holds a master’s degree in Economics and Agriculture from 
the University of Life Sciences in Norway. In the nineties she held different positions as a vice president in 
Equinor. In 2001 she started working as an executive vice president in Statnett, the Norwegian system operator 
(TSO). She was responsible for European/Nordic market design, trading agreements for cables, customers, 
tariffication, and settlement of the wholesale market. She was also a CFO of Statnett for a period. From 2013-
2019 she was a chair and vice chair of the board of ENTSO-E (an association for 43 TSOs in Brussels) and chair 
and member of the Board of Nord Pool Spot from 2008-2014. She was also a co-chair of the European Market 
Coupling project delivering market coupling for electricity in North West and South West Europe. She has also 
served on several boards mainly in the oil and gas industry and in the power industry. Bente Hagem is a 
Norwegian citizen and resides in Oslo. 
Carol Bell (1958) joined the board in 2014. She holds an MA in Natural Sciences from the University of 
Cambridge and a PhD in Archaeology from University College London. Since 2000, after having worked within the 
oil and gas industry and investment banking (with JP Morgan and Chase Manhattan), she has divided her time 
between a range of activities, notably being non-executive director in the energy sector, conducting academic 
research and as a charity trustee. She currently sits on the boards of PGS ASA and Salamander Energy plc. She 
is also a board member of the Columbia based oil and gas company Amerisur Resources Plc., which is listed on 
the London Stock Exchange, AIM Market. She has also served on the boards of Hardy Oil & Gas plc., Revus 
Energy ASA, Det norske oljeselskap ASA and Caracal Energy Inc. She is a trustee of the Renewable Energy 
Foundation (a UK think tank) the National Museum of Wales, The British School at Athens, Cardiff University and 
the Institute for Archaeometallurgical studies. Ms. Bell is a British citizen and resides in London and Cardiff.

--- Page 17 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
17
Nicholas (Nick) Emery (1961) was appointed to the board in 2014. He is a qualified Management Accountant.  
He has worked in various Fred. Olsen- related companies for close to 30 years and until April 2013 was the CEO 
of Fred. Olsen Renewables AS where he still holds a board position. As from April 2013 he holds the position of 
CEO of the privately owned Fred. Olsen Ltd. (UK).  He is Chairman of the following Fred. Olsen Limited 
subsidiaries: The Natural Power Consultants Limited, SeaRoc Group Limited, Zephir Limited and Fred. Olsen 
Travel Limited. Mr Emery is a British Citizen and resides in Brentwood, Essex. 
 
Andreas Mellbye (1955) has been a member of the Board since 2001 and before that served as alternate. Mr. 
Mellbye is a candidate in jurisprudence from the University of Oslo in 1983 and became partner of Wiersholm, 
Mellbye & Bech in 1989. Before joining Wiersholm he worked for Conoco, London and Norsk Hydro in their legal 
departments. He was admitted to the Norwegian Supreme Court in 1995. Mr. Mellbye specializes in the areas of 
corporate transactions, mergers & acquisitions, securities/stock exchange law and litigation and has acted in 
several large cases within these areas. He holds various board and committee positions including chairman of 
Martina Hansens Hospital, Lorentzens Skibs AS and Rentokil Norge AS. He is a member of the Securities Law 
Forum of the Oslo Stock Exchange. Mr. Mellbye is a Norwegian citizen and resides in Bærum, Norway. 
 
 
Management 
Bonheur ASA has no employees.  Fred. Olsen & Co is in charge of the day-to-day operation of Bonheur and as 
part of these services the proprietor of Fred. Olsen & Co., Anette S. Olsen, holds the positions as Mangaing 
Director of Bonheur ASA. 
 
The description below sets out the names, business address and functions within the Issuer and an indication of 
the principal activities performed by them outside the Issuer where these are significant with respect to the Issuer. 
 
Key personnel with corresponding responsibilities within Fred. Olsen & Co. are as follows: 
 
Name  
Position  
Anette S. Olsen 
Proprietor  
Richard Olav Aa 
Chief Financial Officer 
Victor Friberg 
Chief Legal Officer 
Kristin Alm 
HR 
 
For all members of the Management, the business address is Bonheur ASA, Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 Oslo, 
Norway. 
 
Anette S. Olsen holds the position of managing director of Bonheur ASA 
 
Richard Olav Aa, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of Fred. Olsen & Co. He has been 
with Fred. Olsen & Co. since 2016. 
 
Victor Friberg, Senior Vice President and Chief Legal Officer (CLO) of Fred. Olsen & Co. He has been with Fred. 
Olsen & Co. since 1985. 
 
Kristin Alm, Vice President and Head of Human Resources of Fred. Olsen & Co. She has been with Fred. Olsen 
& Co. since 1987. 
 
 
 
8.2 Potential conflicts of interest 
There are no conflicts of interest between the duties carried out on behalf of the issuer, by the persons referred to 
in item 8.1 and their private interests or other duties. In addition to what follows from statutory rules and 
regulations and good corporate governance, adequate procedures are in place within the Company to address 
potential situations of conflict of interest.

--- Page 18 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
18
9 Major shareholders 
9.1 Ownership  
As of 27 October 2021, the share capital of Bonheur ASA amounted to NOK 53 164 866.25 divided into 42 531 
893 shares at nominal value of NOK 1.25 each. The Company has only one class of shares.  
 
An overview of the Company’s major shareholders as of 31 December 2020 is set out in the table below: 
 
 
 
Private Fred. Olsen related interests directly and/or indirectly owns or controls 22,035,580 shares in the 
Company, providing them a majority control. Other than what follows by laws and regulations, no other measures 
are in place to ensure that such majority ownership is not abused. 
 
 
9.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 19 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
19
10 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
10.1 Financial statements 
Bonheur ASA’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial 
Reporting Standards (IFRSs) and its interpretations, as adopted by the European Union and the disclosure 
requirements following from the Norwegian Accounting Act, that was mandatory to apply at 31 December 2020.  
 
The Group's accounting policies are shown in Annual Report 2020, pages 34-36, note 1.  
 
The separate financial statements for Bonheur ASA have been prepared in accordance with the Norwegian ac-
counting act and generally accepted accounting principles in Norway.  
 
The Bonheur's accounting policies are shown in Annual Report 2020, page 89.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements this information is incorporated by reference to the Interim Report 
Q2 2021 and the Annual Report 2020, see Cross Reference List for complete web addresses.  
 
 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q2 2021*) 
2020 
 
 
 
Bonheur ASA Consolidated 
 
 
Consolidated income statement 
11 
28 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position  
 
13 
 
30-31 
 
Consolidated cash flow statement 
 
15 
 
33 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
16-22 
 
34-85 
 
 
 
Bonheur ASA 
 
 
Income statement 
21 
86 
Balance sheet  
21 
87 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
22 
 
88 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
-- 
 
90-105 
 
*) contains half-yearly financial statements 
 
 
10.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
The historical financial information for 2020 has been audited by KPMG AS. The audit has been conducted in 
accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practices generally accepted in Norway, including 
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information for the Company is given in the Annual Report 2020 
pages 107-110. 
 
 
10.3 Legal and arbitration proceedings   
There is no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during a period covering the previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer and/or Group's financial position or profitability. 
 
 
10.4 Significant change in the Issuer’s financial position 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the Group which has occurred since the end of 
the last financial period for which interim financial information has been published.

--- Page 20 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
20
11 Regulatory disclosures 
The below tables are a summary of the information disclosed by the Issuer under Regulation (EU) 596/2014 over 
the last 12 months which is relevant at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
 
Additional regulated information required to be disclosed under the laws of a member state 
Date 
Information 
30.06.2021 
Successful placement of senior unsecured green bonds; 
Bonheur ASA has successfully completed a new senior unsecured green bond issue of NOK 
700 million with maturity in July 2026. The bond issue was oversubscribed. The bonds will 
pay a coupon of 3 months NIBOR + 2.90% per annum 
25.06.2021 
Fred.Olsen Renewables and Vattenfall enter into partnership for offshore wind in Scotland; 
Fred. Olsen Renewables (a wholly owned subsidiary of Bonheur ASA), and Vattenfall have  
entered into a partnership on a 50/50 basis in order to bid in the upcoming leasing round for 
offshore wind in Scotland. 
09.06.2021 
Ørsted joins Norwegian offshore wind consortium with Fred. Olsen Renewables and Hafslund 
Eco; 
Ørsted joins consortium with Fred. Olsen Renewables and Hafslund Eco establishing a long-
term partnership to develop offshore wind in Norway and to compete in Norway's upcoming 
application round for offshore wind areas. 
 
 
Half yearly financial reports and audit reports / limited reviews 
Date 
Information 
14.07.2021 
Results for second quarter of 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for second quarter of 2021 
06.05.2021 
Report for the first quarter 2021; 
Disclosure of the results for first quarter of 2021 
19.02.2021 
Report for the fourth quarter 2020 and preliminary year-end accounts; 
Disclosure of the results for fourth quarter of 2020 and preliminary year-end accounts 
 
 
Non-regulatory press releases 
Date 
Information 
29.06.2021 
Fred. Olsen Ocean partners with Shimizu to drive progress within the Japanese offshore wind 
sector and worldwide; 
Fred. Olsen Ocean (FOO), including its subsidiaries Fred. Olsen Windcarrier (FOWIC) and 
Global Wind Service (GWS), is announcing a partnership with Shimizu Corporation (Shimizu) 
to support growth and development in the offshore wind industry in Japan and worldwide. 
28.05.2021 
Fred. Olsen Windcarriers with 3 new turbine transport and installation contracts; 
Fred. Olsen WIndcarrier (FOWIC) has over the last two months signed 3 new turbine 
transport and installation ("T&I") contracts with a combined value of up to EUR 124m. The 
contracts are linked to work in 2022-2024 in both Europe and APAC, two will be executed 
with an upgraded vessel and combined the projects will cover up to 630 vessel days. 
 
 
Annual financial and audit reports 
Date 
Information 
23.04.2021 
Annual Report 2020 
Disclosure of the annual report for 2020

--- Page 21 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
21
12 Documents available  
 
For the term of the Base Propectus the following documents, where applicable, can be inspected at the Issuer's 
website stated in clause 5.2: 
 
(a) 
the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Issuer; 
 
(b) 
all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Issuer's 
request any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Propectus.

--- Page 22 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
22
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for 
Bonds to be offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within any 
EEA country.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in Norwegian Securities Trading Act’s (Verdipapirhandellovens)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3, 6 or 12 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period 
lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days 
prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly, semi-annually or annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 23 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
23
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means debt instruments issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined 
in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means each of the attachments to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be offered or 
listed under the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Valid for 12 months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted 
by the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for 
each new issue. 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to the Bond Terms, including any 
Additional Bonds 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which form an integrated part of the Bond 
Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
Means a holder of Bond(s), as registered in the Securities Depository, from time to time. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents.

--- Page 24 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
24
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means any day on which commercial banks are open for general business and can settle 
foreign currency transactions in Oslo. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
Means that if the relevant Interest Payment Date originally falls on a day that is not a Business 
Day, an adjustment of the Interest Payment Date will be made so that the relevant Interest 
Payment Date will be the first following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day (Modified Following Business Day Convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer may redeem all but not only some of the 
Outstanding Bonds on any Business Day.  
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means if Invento AS, Quatro AS, Trassey Shipping Ltd., all 100% owned and controlled by 
Fred. Olsen family members and entities, or other companies 100% owned and controlled by 
Fred. Olsen family members and entities in aggregate cease to: 
(a) own a minimum of 50.1% of the shares of the Issuer or 
(b) control a minimum of 50.1% of the voting rights of the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or 
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person: 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other      
person. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
25
 
 
Exchange: 
Means Oslo Børs ASA, on which the Bonds are listed, or where the Issuer has applied for 
listing of the Bonds. 
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Green Finance 
Framework: 
Means the Issuer’s green finance framework dated September 2020. The Green Finance 
Framework is available at https://www.bonheur.no/?nid=353143&lcid=1033. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds; 
 
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Bonheur ASA is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
The bond issue’s Joint Lead Manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making.

--- Page 26 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
26
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Manager may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or 
Put Option. The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest Payment Date and is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged. 
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
Means a Change of Control Event.  
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option or Put Option.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository.

--- Page 27 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
27
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until five banking days before the Maturity Date or any earlier date when 
the Bonds have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the 
aggregate nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds) 
 
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a supplement to the 
Base Prospectus in order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the 
Additional Bonds may be issued under a separate ISIN which, upon the approval of the 
supplement, will be converted into the ISIN for the Bonds issued on the initial Issue Date. The 
Bond Terms governs such Temporary Bonds. The Issuer shall inform the Bond Trustee, the 
Exchange and the Paying Agent once such supplement is approved. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Dates. 
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
The Issuer will use an amount equal to the net proceeds of the Bonds and any Additional Bonds for green 
projects as further defined by the Green Finance Framework, including inter alia by way of refinancing existing 
intercompany debt originally incurred to finance such green projects. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://www.bonheur.no, or on the Issuer's visit address, Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal. 
 
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities.

--- Page 28 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
28
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Propectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 91,000. In addition, there is a 
listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will be 
specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other senior obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims 
which are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application). 
 
The Bonds are unsecured. 
 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the 
Manager(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer is subject to 
Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Public Limited Companies Act, the 
Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms 
 
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation.

--- Page 29 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
29
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.6 Rating 
The Bonds may be rated, please see Final Terms. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Annex 2.

--- Page 30 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
30
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Propectus 
Refers to 
Details 
10.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.bonheur.no/annual-
reports3 
Bonheur ASA’s consolidated accounting policies, pages 
34-36, note 1 
 
Bonheur ASA’s accounting policies, page 89 
 
 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.bonheur.no/annual-
reports3 
Bonheur ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated income statement page 28 
Consolidtaed statement of financial positions pages 30-31 
Consolidated cash flow statement page 33 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 34-
85 
 
Bonheur ASA 
Income statement page 86 
Balance sheet page 87 
Cash flow statement page 88 
Notes financial statements pages 90-105 
 
 
Interim Report Q2 2021, available 
at 
https://www.bonheur.no/quarterly-
reports2 
Bonheur ASA Consolidated 
Consolidated income statement page 11 
Consolidtaed statement of financial positions page 13 
Consolidated cash flow statement page 15 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements pages 16-
22 
 
Bonheur ASA 
Income statement page 21 
Balance sheet page 21 
Cash flow statement page 22 
Notes financial statements page -- 
10.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://www.bonheur.no/annual-
reports3 
Auditors report pages 107-110 
 
 
 
 
 
References to the documents mentioned above are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 31 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
31
Joint Lead Managers’ disclaimer 
 
DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS, the Joint Lead Managers, have assisted the Company in preparing the 
Base Propectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or implied, is made and the Joint Lead Managers expressly 
disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Propectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution of bonds by Bonheur 
ASA. The statements made in this paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Company. 
 
This Base Propectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different parts of 
the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Propectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of its affiliated 
companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Propectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 8 December 2021 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
Pareto Securities AS 
(www.paretosec.com)

--- Page 32 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
32
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Bonheur ASA

--- Page 33 ---
Vedtekter 
for 
BONHEURASA
Sist revidert 16.03.2016
§1
Bonheur ASA er et allmennaksjeselskap med forretningskontor i Oslo. Selskapets virksomhet er 
engasjement i maritim- og energirelaterte aktiviteter, transport, teknologi og eiendom, investering innen 
finans og handel så vel som deltakelse i andre foretagender.
§2
Aksjekapitalen er NOK 53.164.866,25 fordelt på 42.531.893 aksjer pålydende NOK 1,25.
§3
Erverv av aksjer er betinget av styrets samtykke.
§4
Styret skal ha minst fire og høyst seks styremedlemmer. Selskapet skal ha én daglig leder.
Styret er berettiget til å engasjere Fred. Olsen & Co. som kontorholdsfirma.
§5
Styrets leder alene, daglig leder alene eller to styremedlemmer i fellesskap tegner selskapets firma.
§6
Selskapet skal ha et representantskap bestående av 5 medlemmer som velges for 3 år ad gangen. Hvert år 
uttrer 2 respektive 1 medlem. Representantskapet velger selv sin ordfører blant sine medlemmer.
§7
Representantskapet sammenkalles av ordføreren, og møter holdes så ofte ordføreren eller styret finner det 
nødvendig. For å treffe gyldig beslutning må 3 representanter være enige.
Representantskapet skal:
a) 
føre tilsyn med styrets og forretningsførers forvaltning av selskapet etter nærmere regler som 
fastsettes av representantskapet;
b) 
behandle selskapets årsoppgjør og gi uttalelse til generalforsamlingen om hvorvidt styrets forslag til 
resultatregnskap og balanse bør godkjennes;
c) 
gi uttalelse til generalforsamlingen om hvorvidt styrets forslag til utbytte bør godkjennes;
d) 
velge medlemmer til styret;
e) 
foreslå valg av revisor.
§8
Årsoppgjøret, revisjonsberetningen samt representantskapets uttalelse skal legges ut i selskapets 
kontorlokaler til ettersyn for aksjeeierne minst en uke før den ordinære generalforsamling.
Årsoppgjøret, revisjonsberetningen samt representantskapets uttalelse sendes bare til de aksjeeiere som 
ber om det.
Victor Friberg
Attorney-at-Law
Member of the
Norweoian Bar Association

--- Page 34 ---
§9
Ordinær generalforsamling avholdes hvert år innen utgangen av juni måned etter innkallelse av 
representantskapets ordfører med minst 21 dagers varsel ved skriftlig henvendelse til alle aksjeeiere med 
kjent adresse. Når dokumenter som gjelder saker som skal behandles på generalforsamlingen er gjort 
tilgjengelige for aksjeeierne på selskapets internettsider, gjelder ikke allmennaksjelovens krav om at 
dokumentene skal sendes til aksjeeierne. Dette gjelder også dokumenter som etter lov skal inntas i eller 
vedlegges innkallingen til generalforsamlingen. En aksjeeier kan likevel kreve å få tilsendt dokumenter 
som gjelder saker som skal behandles på generalforsamlingen.
Den ordinære generalforsamlingen, som ledes av representantskapets ordfører, skal:
a) 
behandles styrets årsberetning,
b) 
fastsette resultatregnskapet og balansen,
c) 
avgjøre anvendelse av årsoverskuddet eller dekning av underskuddet i henhold til den fastsatte 
balanse,
d) 
velge medlemmer til representantskapet og fastsette deres godtgjørelse,
e) 
fastsette styrets godtgjørelse,
f) 
velge revisor og fastsette hans godtgjørelse,
g) 
behandle andre saker som etter lov og vedtekter hører inn under generalforsamlingen.
§10
Ekstraordinær generalforsamling holdes når styret, representantskapet eller dets ordfører finner det 
nødvendig, samt når revisor eller aksjeeiere som representerer minst en tiendedel av aksjekapitalen 
skriftlig krever det og samtidig oppgir hvilke saker som ønskes behandlet. Ekstraordinær generalforsamling 
innkalles på samme måte og med samme frist som for ordinær generalforsamling. Bare de saker som er 
nevnt i innkallelsen kan behandles og avgjøres.
§11
Hver aksje har én stemme.
Aksjeeiere kan møte og stemme ved fullmektig, som må fremlegge skriftlig og datert fullmakt. Aksjeeiere 
som ønsker å delta i generalforsamlingen skal melde seg hos selskapet innen en bestemt frist som angis i 
innkallelsen, og som ikke skal utløpe tidligere enn 5 dager før generalforsamlingen. Aksjeeiere som ikke 
har meldt seg i rett tid kan nektes adgang til generalforsamlingen.

--- Page 35 ---
Bonheur ASA, 8 December 2021 
 
Base Propectus 
 
 
33
Annex 2 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 36 ---
[Annex 2] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, [Date]

--- Page 37 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness

--- Page 38 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 8 December 2021 and [the 
supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 8 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the 
“Base Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.bonheur.no, or on the Issuer's visit address, Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 39 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Bonheur ASA, Fred. Olsens gate 2, N-0152 Oslo, Norway 
Telephone +47 22 34 10 00  
Registration number 830 357 432 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 213800HOQE1B34SUA323. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 8 December 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Bonheur ASA 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a public limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Public Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
Bonheur ASA has investments through subsidiary companies in 
several business activities, based upon its long-term commitment 
to renewable energy, wind service and cruise. 
Major shareholders

--- Page 40 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
Name  
Position  
Thomas Fredrik Olsen 
Chairman 
Jannicke Hilland 
Director 
Bente Hagem 
Director 
Carol Bell 
Director 
Nicholas (Nick) A. Emery 
Director 
Andreas C. Mellbye  
Director 
 
 
Statutory auditors 
KPMG AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Bonheur ASA Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Annual Report 
2020 
Interim Report Q2 
2021*) 
Operating profit 
-881,869 
88,6 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
6439 
6876 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-732,917 
81,9 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
199,058 
-570,6 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,375,206 
-205,9 
 
Bonheur ASA 
Amounts in NOK 1,000 
Annual Report 
2020 
Interim Report Q2 
2021*) 
Operating profit 
-133,592 
-51,7 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
-318 
447 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-149,943 
-93,9 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
11,139 
-170,1

--- Page 41 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,069,894 
-501,0 
 
*) contains half-yearly financial statements 
 
 
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
• 
Asset utilization risk 
• 
Group indebtedness risk 
• 
Liquidity risk 
• 
Fair value of financial derivatives 
• 
Currency risk 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
 
 
• 
Interest rate risk 
• 
Market risk 
• 
Liquidity risk 
• 
Reference rate risk 
• 
Debt service risk 
• 
Refinancing risk 
• 
Subordination relatively to claims in subsidiaries 
• 
Change in control 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●]

--- Page 42 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●] 
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 43 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Bonheur ASA registered in the Norwegian Companies Registry with 
registration number 830 357 432. The Company’s LEI code is 
213800HOQE1B34SUA323. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate] 
 
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions]

--- Page 44 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 45 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other

--- Page 46 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.bonheur.no  
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 91,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 47 ---
Bonheur ASA 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the issue or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are material 
to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]