--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus for Borgo AB (publ):s Medium 
Term Note and Covered Bond Programme 
Arranger: 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
 
Dealers: 
 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority on 19
January 2024. This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve (12) months after the date of approval,
provided that it is completed by any supplement required pursuant to Article 23 of the Pro-
spectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of signifi-
cant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base
Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 (79) 
 
Important Information 
In this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), the “Issuer” means Borgo AB (publ), Reg. No. 559153-2303. Words and expressions defined 
in the general terms and conditions for the Programme (the “General Terms and Conditions”) and the final terms for the applicable Notes 
issued under the Programme (the “Final Terms”) shall have the same meaning when used in this Base Prospectus, unless expressly stated 
otherwise or follows from the context. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer in relation to the programme for issuance of medium term notes (“Medium Term 
Notes”) and covered bonds (“Covered Bonds”) in Swedish kronor (“SEK”) or Norwegian kroner (“NOK”) (Medium Term Notes and Covered 
Bonds jointly the “Notes”) with different maturities but with a minimum term of one (1) year (the “Programme”). The Notes may be issued 
in a minimal nominal amount equivalent (in SEK or NOK) of EUR 100,000. The Issuer has undertaken towards the Dealers that the aggregate 
Nominal Amount of all Notes outstanding under the Programme shall not exceed SEK 50,000,000,000 (or equivalent amount in NOK). The 
Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease such amount.  
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the standards and requirements of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council (the “Regulation”), supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979 and Commission Del-
egated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (jointly, the “Prospectus Regulations”). This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Swedish Financial 
Supervisory Authority (Sw. Finansinspektionen) (the “SFSA”) as the competent authority under the Regulation. Approval and registration by 
the SFSA do not imply that the SFSA guarantees that the information provided in the Base Prospectus is correct and complete.  
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in any country where such distribution or disposal requires additional prospectus, registration 
or additional measures or is contrary to the rules and regulations in such country. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes 
or persons who acquire the Notes are therefore required to inform themselves about, and to observe, such restrictions. The Notes have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), or any U.S. state securities laws and 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Rule 902 of Regulation S under the Securities Act). The Issuer has not undertaken to 
register the Notes under the Securities Act or any U.S. state securities laws or to affect any exchange offer for the Notes in the future. 
Furthermore, the Issuer has not registered the Notes under any other country’s securities laws. It is the investor’s obligation to ensure that 
the offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities laws.  
Unless otherwise explicitly stated, no information contained in this Base Prospectus has been audited or reviewed by the Issuer’s auditors. 
Certain financial information in this Base Prospectus may have been rounded off and, as a result, the numerical figures shown as totals in 
this Base Prospectus may vary slightly from the exact arithmetic aggregation of the figures that precede them. This Base Prospectus shall be 
read together with all documents that are incorporated by reference and possible supplements to this Base Prospectus.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that 
investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should (i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to 
make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; (ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, 
in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact other Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; (iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes; (iv) understand thoroughly 
the General Terms and Conditions and the applicable Final Terms; and (v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial 
advisor) possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable 
risks. 
The Base Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements that reflect the Issuer’s current views or expectations with respect to 
future events and financial and operational performance. The words “intend”, “estimate”, “expect”, “may”, “plan”, “anticipate” or similar 
expressions regarding indications or forecasts of future developments or trends, which are not statements based on historical facts, consti-
tute forward-looking information. Although the Issuer believes that these statements are based on reasonable assumptions and expecta-
tions, the Issuer cannot give any assurances that such statements will materialise. Because these forward-looking statements involve known 
and unknown risks and uncertainties, the outcome could differ materially from those set out in the forward-looking statement. 
Factors that could cause the Issuer’s actual operations, result or performance to differ from the forward-looking statements include, but are 
not limited to, those described in section “Risk Factors”. The forward-looking statements included in this Base Prospectus apply only to the 
date of the Base Prospectus. The Issuer undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a 
result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law. Any subsequent forward-looking information that can 
be ascribed to the Issuer or persons acting on the Issuer’s behalf is subject to the reservations in or referred to in this section. 
This Base Prospectus is governed by Swedish law. Disputes concerning, or related to, the contents of this Base Prospectus shall be subject to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sweden. The District Court of Stockholm (Sw. Stockholms tingsrätt) shall be the court of first in-
stance.

--- Page 3 ---
3 (79) 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
1 
Description of the Programme ______________________________________________ 4 
2 
Product Description _____________________________________________________ 10 
3 
Risk Factors ____________________________________________________________ 13 
4 
Summary of the Swedish legislation regarding covered bonds ___________________ 30 
5 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms ________________________ 37 
6 
The Issuer and its Operations ______________________________________________ 66 
7 
Other Information ______________________________________________________ 76 
8 
Addresses _____________________________________________________________ 79

--- Page 4 ---
4 (79) 
 
1 
Description of the Programme  
This section contains a general and broad description of the Programme. It does not claim 
to be comprehensive or cover all details of the Programme or the Notes and potential in-
vestors should therefore carefully consider this Base Prospectus as a whole, including the 
documents incorporated by reference before a decision is made to invest in the Notes.   
1.1 
General information 
The Issuer has established this Programme for the purpose of issuing Medium Term Notes 
and Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the Swedish Act on Issuance of Covered 
Bonds (Sw. lag (2003:1223) om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) (the “Covered Bond 
Act”) up to a total amount of SEK 50,000,000,000 (or equivalent amount in NOK) or such 
other amount that the Dealers and the Issuer may agree. The Issuer’s board of directors 
resolved to establish the Programme and this Base Prospectus on 13 December 2021. 
The Notes may be issued with different maturities but with a minimum term of one (1) 
year. The Notes may be issued in SEK or NOK with fixed interest rate or floating interest 
rate and in a minimal nominal amount equivalent (in SEK or NOK) of EUR 100,000.  
Notes issued under this Programme are governed by the General Terms and Conditions 
together with the applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions apply to all 
Notes issued under this Programme. The applicable Final Terms in respect of Notes are 
specified in relation to the Notes on the basis of the form of final terms set out in section 
“Form of Final Terms” below. The applicable Final Terms must be read together with the 
General Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms specify, among other things, the Issue Date, 
the basis for interest calculation and the Maturity Date. Final Terms in relation to each Loan 
issued under this Programme will also be available on the Issuer’s website, www.borgohy-
potek.se. 
Offers to purchase or otherwise acquire Notes under this Programme are not directed to 
persons whose participation in such offer(s) requires any additional prospectus, registra-
tion or additional measures other than those which follow from Swedish law for such of-
fer(s) made in Sweden. Purchases or other acquisitions of Notes under this Programme in 
contrary to the above will be deemed null and void. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp as arranger and Nordea Bank Abp, Skandina-
viska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial and Swedbank 
AB (publ) as Dealers under the Programme. Additional Dealers may be appointed and Deal-
ers may withdraw from its appointment. The Dealers have not verified and are not respon-
sible for the contents of this Base Prospectus.  
1.2 
Form of the Notes, clearing and settlement 
Each note denominated in SEK constitutes a debt instrument (Sw. skuldförbindelse) of the 
type set forth in Chapter 1 Section 3 of the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act. 
Each note denominated in NOK constitutes a debt instrument of the type set forth in the 
Norwegian CSD Act.

--- Page 5 ---
5 (79) 
 
The Notes are issued in dematerialised book-entry form and will be registered for the Note-
holders on their respective Securities Account. Accordingly, Notes denominated in SEK will 
be maintained by Euroclear Sweden AB and registered in accordance with the Swedish Fi-
nancial Instruments Accounts Act and no physical notes will be issued. Notes denominated 
in NOK will be maintained by Verdipapirsentralen ASA and registered in accordance with 
the Norwegian CSD Act and no physical notes will be issued. 
Payments in respect of the Notes will be made and settled through the relevant CSD’s book-
entry system. Each Loan is given a specific loan identification number (ISIN) in the applica-
ble Final Terms.  
The Notes are freely transferable, but Noteholders may be subject to purchase or transfer 
restrictions with regard to the Notes under local laws to which such Noteholder may be 
subject (due to, e.g. its nationality, its residency, its registered address or its place(s) of 
business). The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or 
the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has appointed Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (Reg. No. 920058817), as issuing 
and paying agent to establish and manage the Issuer’s account in the VPS in accordance 
with Norwegian law, to register the Issuer’s issues of the Notes in the VPS and perform 
payments of interest and principal in respect of such Notes. 
1.3 
Green Notes 
The Issuer may issue green Medium Term Notes and shall, in such case, maintain a Green 
Finance Framework. As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Issuer has not issued any 
green Medium Term Notes and has not established a Green Finance Framework. The Green 
Finance Framework shall at all times (by no later than on the first Issue Date of a Green 
Note) be published on the Issuer's website and the Issuer shall ensure that an amount 
equivalent to the proceeds from any Medium Term Notes specified as “Green Notes” in the 
applicable Final Terms are applied in accordance with the relevant Green Finance Frame-
work. The Issuer may, from time to time, amend its Green Finance Framework. Any amend-
ments to the Green Finance Framework effectuated after the Issue Date of the relevant 
Green Notes will not apply to Green Notes already issued prior to such amendment. If the 
Issuer fails to comply with the relevant Green Finance Framework at any time, it shall not 
constitute a default under any circumstance and such non-compliance will not entitle any 
Noteholder to any form of compensation or to otherwise redeem, repurchase or accelerate 
the Green Notes prior to its specified Maturity Date. 
1.4 
Admission to trading 
An application for admission to trading of the Notes on Nasdaq Stockholm or any other 
Regulated Market may be made in accordance with the applicable Final Terms. The appli-
cable Regulated Market will carry out its own assessment of the application and will ap-
prove or reject the admission to trading.

--- Page 6 ---
6 (79) 
 
1.5 
Tax 
The summary is based on the laws of Sweden as currently in effect and is intended to pro-
vide general information only. The summary does not address, inter alia, situations where 
Notes are held in an investment savings account (Sw. investeringssparkonto), the tax con-
sequences of a write-down or conversion of the Notes, the existence of the ability of rele-
vant regulatory authorities to effect such a write-down or conversion, any tax conse-
quences following a variation or substitution (instead of redemption) of any Notes or the 
rules regarding reporting obligations for, among others, payers of interest. Further, the 
summary does not address credit of foreign taxes in Sweden. Investors should consult a 
professional tax adviser regarding the Swedish tax and other tax consequences (including 
the applicability and effect of tax treaties for the avoidance of double taxation) of acquiring, 
owning and disposing of the Notes in their particular circumstances. 
1.5.1 
Noteholders not resident in Sweden 
Payments of any principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax 
purposes to the Noteholder should not be subject to Swedish income tax, provided that 
such Noteholder (i) is not resident in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes and (ii) does not 
have a permanent establishment in Sweden with which the Notes are effectively con-
nected. 
However, broadly speaking, provided that the Notes are deemed to be securities taxed as 
shares, private individuals who have been residents of Sweden for tax purposes due to a 
habitual abode or continuous stay in Sweden at any time during the calendar year of dis-
posal or redemption or the ten calendar years preceding the year of disposal or redemp-
tion, are liable for capital gains taxation in Sweden upon disposal or redemption of such 
Notes. In a number of cases though, the applicability of this rule is limited by the applicable 
tax treaty for the avoidance of double taxation. 
Swedish withholding tax, or Swedish tax deduction, is not imposed on payments of any 
principal or any amount that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes except 
in relation to certain payments of interest (and other distributions on Notes) to a private 
individual (or the estate of a deceased individual) who is (or was) resident in Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes (see “Noteholders tax resident in Sweden” below). 
1.5.2 
Noteholders resident in Sweden 
In general, for Swedish corporations and private individuals (and estates of deceased indi-
viduals) with residence in Sweden for Swedish tax purposes, all capital income (for exam-
ple, income that is considered to be interest for Swedish tax purposes and capital gains on 
the Notes) will be taxable. Specific tax consequences may be applicable to certain catego-
ries of corporations, for example life insurance companies. Moreover, specific tax conse-
quences may be applicable if, and to the extent that, a holder of the Notes realises a capital 
loss on the Notes. 
If amounts that are deemed as interest for Swedish tax purposes are paid by a legal entity 
domiciled in Sweden, including a Swedish branch, or a clearing institution within the EEA, 
to a private individual (or an estate of a deceased individual) with residence in Sweden for 
Swedish tax purposes, Swedish preliminary taxes are normally withheld by the legal entity

--- Page 7 ---
7 (79) 
 
on such payments. Swedish preliminary taxes should normally also be withheld on other 
returns on the Notes (but not capital gains), if the return is paid out together with such a 
payment of interest referred to above. 
1.6 
Costs  
The Issuer is responsible for all costs associated with the admission to trading of Notes 
under this Programme, such as (but not limited to) the costs of producing this Base Pro-
spectus, admission to trading, documentation and fees to Euroclear Sweden AB, Verdi-
papirsentralen ASA and the applicable Regulated Market.  
1.7 
Status 
Medium Term Notes constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer and rank at least pari passu with all other direct, general, unconditional, unsub-
ordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are preferred 
by mandatory regulation and except as otherwise provided in the General Terms and Con-
ditions. 
Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Is-
suer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. The Covered Bonds 
will rank pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been provided the 
same priority in the relevant Cover Pool. 
1.8 
Description of the Cover Pool 
As detailed in the section 6.3 “Business activities” below, the Issuer and its Distributors (as 
defined below under section 6.2 “Strategy”) offer residential mortgage loans to consumers 
in Sweden.  
The assets within the Cover Pool will consist of mortgage loans secured by collateral used 
for residential purposes. All mortgage loans included in the Cover Pools will have a first 
charge pledge over the relevant collateral. The original maturity of each mortgage loan is 
between 10 and 40 years and all loans have a final maturity date.  
The composition of the Cover Pool will be reported at least quarterly on the Issuer’s website 
www.borgohypotek.se. The composition of the Issuer's Cover Pool may vary from time to 
time, including the geographic location of the relevant mortgaged properties. Noteholders 
will not receive detailed statistics or information about each loan, location of each mort-
gaged property or other assets contained or to be contained in the Cover Pool, as it is ex-
pected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will change from time to time.  
1.9 
Sales, price and interest  
Primary sales will take place through the Dealers receiving issue and trade instructions from 
the Issuer. The price of and the interest applicable to the Notes cannot be established in 
advance but is set in connection with the relevant issue on the basis of the prevailing mar-

--- Page 8 ---
8 (79) 
 
ket conditions. The Notes may be issued at a price equivalent to, below or above the rele-
vant Nominal Amount. The market price of the Notes depends on several factors, one of 
which is the interest rate applicable to other investments with a corresponding term.  
The yield on a Note is a function of the price at which the Note is acquired, the interest 
applicable to the relevant Note and any other costs attributable to the acquisition of the 
Note (including any brokerage costs). 
1.10 
Credit rating 
If any Loan has received (or will receive) a credit rating such credit rating will be specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. A credit rating is a rating that an independent rating agency 
(such as Nordic Credit Rating, Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch’s) can assign a bor-
rower in respect of its creditworthiness and its ability to fulfil its financial obligations. A 
credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning credit rating agency. 
On 18 January 2024, the credit rating agency Moody’s assigned a Baa2 deposit and issuer 
rating to the Issuer. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme have been rated highest 
possible rating, Aaa, by Moody’s. 
Moody’s is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended). The following table sets out the possible long-term ratings as-
signed by Moody’s: 
Aaa 
Baa1 
B2 
Aa1 
Baa2 
B3 
Aa2 
Baa3 
Caa1 
Aa3 
Ba1 
Caa2 
A1 
Ba2 
Caa3 
A2 
Ba3 
Ca 
A3 
B1 
C 
1.11 
Statute of Limitations  
The right to receive repayment of the principal of Notes issued under the Programme shall 
be prescribed and become void ten (10) years from the relevant Maturity Date (or other 
redemption date, if earlier). The right to receive payment of interest (excluding any capi-
talised interest) shall be prescribed and become void three (3) years from the relevant due 
date for payment. If a limitation period is duly interrupted in accordance with the Swedish 
Act on Limitations (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)), a new limitation period of ten (10) 
years with respect to the right to receive repayment of the principal of the Notes, and of 
three (3) years with respect to receive payment of interest (excluding capitalised interest) 
will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the limitation pe-
riod, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Swedish Act on Limita-
tions.

--- Page 9 ---
9 (79) 
 
1.12 
Representation of the Noteholders 
A holder of the Notes represents itself in its capacity as Noteholder in all matters relating 
to the Notes and this Programme. 
1.13 
Governing law 
The Note Terms, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection there-
with, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden. Disputes 
shall be settled by Swedish courts. The City Court of Stockholm shall be the court of first 
instance. Norwegian law and jurisdiction will be applicable with regards to the registration 
of Notes in VPS.  
1.14 
Determinations to invest in the Notes 
Investing in the Notes involves substantial risks and prospective investors should refer to 
section “Risk Factors” to review certain material risk factors that they should carefully con-
sider before deciding to invest in the Notes.  
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors and each potential investor in 
the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circum-
stances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of 
the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any appli-
cable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in 
the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and 
the impact other Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the General Terms and Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial advisor) possi-
ble scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 10 ---
10 (79) 
 
2 
Product Description 
This section contains a general description of the construction and terms applicable to an 
issue of Notes under this Programme. The final constructions and terms of each Loan are 
set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
2.1 
General Terms and Conditions and Final Terms 
Notes issued under the Programme are governed by the General Terms and Conditions 
together with the applicable Final Terms. The General Terms and Conditions apply to all 
Loans issued under the Programme. In relation to new Loans issued, the General Terms and 
Conditions set out on page 37 shall apply. In relation to tap issues of certain Loans issued 
under the previous prospectus, the general terms and conditions as of 24 January 2022, 
which are included in the Issuers base prospectus dated 24 January 2022 on pages 37-57, 
shall apply. Applicable Final Terms are specified in relation to each Loan on the basis of the 
form of final terms set out on page 62 of this Base Prospectus. The applicable Final Terms 
must be read together with the General Terms and Conditions. The Final Terms specify, 
among other things, Issue Date, the basis for interest calculation and Maturity Date. The 
Final Terms in relation to an offer to invest in the Notes or in relation to Notes that are 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market will be submitted for registration by the SFSA 
as soon as possible and in any event prior to an application is made for admission to trading 
of the relevant Notes on a Regulated Market. Final Terms in relation to each Loan issued 
under the Programme will also be made available on the Issuer’s website, www.borgohy-
potek.se. 
2.2 
Repayment and redemption 
The Nominal Amount (or such other amount specified in the relevant Final Terms) of a Loan 
together with accrued but unpaid interest falls due for repayment on the Maturity Date (or 
if applicable, the relevant Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the Final Terms. Should 
the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the relevant Extended Maturity Date) fall on a date 
which is not a Business Day, the Loan will however be repaid on the following Business Day. 
2.3 
Extended Maturity 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that an Extended Maturity Date may apply to a 
Loan constituted by Notes specified in the Final Terms as Covered Bonds. For such Loan, 
the Maturity Date may be extended to the Extended Maturity Date, in each case, subject 
to (i) such extension being permitted by the SFSA as a result of it being deemed likely that 
the extension will prevent insolvency (Sw. obestånd/insolvens) of the Issuer or otherwise 
as a result of a trigger of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Covered Bond Act (as 
amended) or any other legislation that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered Bond 
Directive and (ii) the Final Terms specifies the date being the Extended Maturity Date. An 
extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding from the Maturity Date to 
the Extended Maturity Date will not be affected by the insolvency or resolution of the Is-
suer. 
Furthermore, the extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the rel-
evant Notes from the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any

--- Page 11 ---
11 (79) 
 
right of the Noteholders to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and no 
payment will be payable to the Noteholders in that event other than as set out in the Gen-
eral Terms and Conditions.  
2.4 
Basis for the calculation of interest on the Loans  
2.4.1 
Fixed Interest Rate 
For Loans denominated in SEK with a Fixed Interest Rate, interest accrues in accordance 
with the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, but excluding, the Interest Com-
mencement Date, up to, and including, the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended 
Maturity Date). For Loans denominated in NOK with a fixed interest rate, interest accrues 
in accordance with the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date, up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the 
Extended Maturity Date). Accrued interest for Loans in SEK or NOK shall be paid in arrears 
on each Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
2.4.2 
Floating Interest Rate (FRN) 
For Loans denominated in SEK with a Floating Interest Rate, interest accrues at the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to, and including, the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
For Loans denominated in NOK with a floating interest rate, interest accrues at the rate 
specified in the applicable Final Terms from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
The Interest Rate for Loans in SEK or NOK is calculated by the Administrative Agent on each 
Interest Determination Date and is comprised by the Base Rate plus the applicable Margin. 
Accrued interest for Loans denominated in SEK or NOK shall be paid in arrears on each 
Interest Payment Date and is calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360. 
2.5 
European Benchmark Regulation 
Floating Interest Rate payable on Notes issued under this Programme may be calculated by 
reference to certain benchmarks, being STIBOR and NIBOR, as defined in the General Terms 
and Conditions. STIBOR is provided by Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB and NIBOR 
is provided by Norske Finansielle Referanser AS.  
Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB was registered on 21 April 2023 as an administra-
tor in the register provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pur-
suant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
(the “Benchmark Regulation”). Norske Finansielle Referanser AS was registered on 13 Oc-
tober 2020. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the following Day Count Conven-
tions in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest under a Loan will be used for 
the calculation of interest under this Programme:

--- Page 12 ---
12 (79) 
 
“30/360”: the amount shall be calculated 360 days consisting of twelve months each con-
sisting of 30 days and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number of days 
of the month that have passed; and 
“Actual/360”: the amount shall be calculated using the actual number of days in the rele-
vant period divided by 360.

--- Page 13 ---
13 (79) 
 
3 
Risk Factors  
In this section, the risk factors which the Issuer considers to be material risks relating to the 
Issuer and the Notes are illustrated. The Issuer’s assessment of the materiality of each risk 
factor is based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their 
negative impact. The description of the risk factors below is based on information available 
and estimates made on the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The risk factors are presented in categories where the most material risk factor in a category 
is presented first under that category. Subsequent risk factors in the same category are not 
ranked in order of materiality or probability of occurrence. Where a risk factor may be cat-
egorised in more than one category, such risk factor appears only once and in the most 
relevant category for such risk factor. 
3.1 
Risks relating to macroeconomic factors and financial and securities mar-
kets 
3.1.1 
Macroeconomic conditions and development in Sweden and globally can ad-
versely affect the banking business, results of operations and liquidity of the Is-
suer 
Adverse changes in the Swedish and global macroeconomic circumstances and develop-
ment could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations and li-
quidity. Relevant macroeconomic factors to the Issuer are housing market development in 
Sweden, unemployment ratios, development of interest rates and development of house-
holds’ disposable income. 
 
Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, high inflation and rising interest rates have negatively im-
pacted the housing and residential property values both in and outside the domestic 
growth centres in Sweden. The majority of the housing and residential property collateral 
of the mortgage loans granted by the Issuer and its Distributors are located in major cities 
and growth centres where housing and residential property values have decreased in the 
past year.  
 
Macroeconomic adverse changes could affect debtors’ economic situation and, conse-
quently, their ability to fulfil their credit obligations towards the Issuer. It could also have 
an adverse effect on the development of the residential markets, which form the security 
for the Issuer’s credits. 
 
Adverse changes in the macroeconomic conditions and more specifically on the housing 
markets could have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool. The Covered Bonds issued will 
have the benefit of the Cover Pool. The Cover Pool includes housing properties located in 
Sweden. Accordingly, the credit quality of the Cover Pool could be adversely affected by 
adverse developments in the housing market in Sweden.

--- Page 14 ---
14 (79) 
 
3.1.2 
Circumstances in the financial and capital markets 
A negative development in the financial and securities market could have an adverse effect 
on the availability of funding from the debt capital markets which could lead to liquidity 
constraints for the Issuer. This could have an adverse effect on the business and results of 
the Issuer. 
 
Changes in the global financial market and developments in the fixed income and stock 
markets create uncertainty of the global economy. This could have a negative impact on 
the economic conditions and as a consequence on the Issuer’s creditors ability to fulfil their 
credit obligations towards the Issuer. 
3.2 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activities and industry  
3.2.1 
Credit risk relating to non-payment 
Credit risk is the risk that the Issuer will incur losses due to its borrowers’ inability to meet 
their obligations to the Issuer as they fall due. Adverse changes in the creditworthiness of 
the Issuer’s borrowers or any reduction in the value of collateral or other security obtained 
by the Issuer may have an adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial results. Credit risks may 
also adversely impact the Issuer’s creditworthiness. 
The Issuer’s credit risk mainly pertains to the borrowers’ ability to perform their financial 
obligations under their respective mortgage loan, that is the borrowers’ ability to pay prin-
cipal of, and interest on, such mortgage loan. The Issuer’s ability to receive principal and 
interests depends primarily on the financial status of the relevant borrower, which in turn, 
could be affected by general macroeconomic conditions and developments. Any national 
or global economic downturn, geopolitical conflicts, high inflation levels and high interest 
rates, could result in increases in unemployment rates (see for example section 3.1.1 (Mac-
roeconomic conditions and development in Sweden and globally can adversely affect the 
banking business, results of operations and liquidity of the Issuer)). This could impair bor-
rowers’ ability to make timely payments which would have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
liquidity and financial results. 
3.2.2 
IT and operational risk 
The Issuer’s operations will rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of cus-
tomer information and other confidential information in its IT systems and networks. The 
Issuer’s IT systems, software and networks could be vulnerable to breaches, unauthorised 
access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code that could result in disruption to 
its business or the loss or theft of confidential information, including customer information 
subject to bank secrecy laws. There is risk that any failure, interruption or breach in the 
Issuer’s IT security, including any failure of its back-up systems or failure to maintain ade-
quate security surrounding customer information, results in reputational harm, disruption 
in the management of the Issuer’s customer relationships, the inability to originate, process 
and service loans or depositors not being able to access their funds.  
 
In relation to deposits in particular, the risk of IT related problems or failures constitute one 
of the most severe risks, which may result in the Issuer being unable to service its deposi-

--- Page 15 ---
15 (79) 
 
tors for a short or long period of time. If any IT security or IT operational risks would mate-
rialise, it could result in a loss of customer business, loss of income, damaged reputation 
and possibly a large number of customers making withdrawals of deposits rapidly, thereby 
adversely affecting the Issuer’s funding and liquidity situation. The Issuer could further be 
subject to additional regulatory scrutiny or be exposed to lawsuits by customers for identity 
theft or other loss resulting from the misuse of their personal information and possible 
financial liability. Regulators may also impose penalties or require remedial action if they 
identify weaknesses in the Issuer’s security systems and the Issuer could be required to 
incur significant costs to increase its IT security to address any vulnerabilities that may be 
discovered or to remediate the harm caused by any security breaches. The degree to which 
IT failures could, now and in the future, affect the Issuer is uncertain and presents a signif-
icant risk to the Issuer’s operations and financial situation.  
 
As part of its business the Issuer may share confidential customer information and propri-
etary information on an aggregated basis with outsourcing parties. The information sys-
tems of these third parties may be vulnerable to security breaches, and there is a risk that 
the Issuer’s methods and procedures for overseeing how outsourcing partners and other 
third parties operate their businesses may be inadequate or that the Issuer may not be able 
to ensure that these third parties have appropriate security controls in place to protect the 
information that the Issuer shares with them. Furthermore, such third parties may misuse 
data provided by the Issuer. If the Issuer’s proprietary or confidential customer information 
is intercepted, stolen, misused or mishandled while in the possession of a third party, there 
is a risk that it will result in reputational harm to the Issuer, loss of customer business, loss 
of income, and possibly a large number of customers making withdrawals of deposits rap-
idly, thereby adversely affecting the Issuer’s funding situation, and additional regulatory 
scrutiny, and that it will expose the Issuer to civil litigation and possible financial liability, 
adversely affecting the Issuer’s operations and financial situation. 
3.2.3 
The Issuer is dependent on its Distributors, owners and service suppliers 
The Issuer’s mortgage loans are distributed by its Distributors. Each Distributor markets 
and originates mortgage loans through its own preferred route (e.g. online, via telephone 
or physical meetings) and using its own application interface. The Issuer sets the production 
price for mortgages, however each Distributor sets its own pricelist to customers based on 
their margin requirements, and also applies relevant discounts and following origination, 
handles first line customer support. The Issuer is thus, to a large extent, dependent on the 
Distributors’ ability to attract and service customers. In addition, the Issuer is through an 
outsourcing agreement dependent on Ålandsbanken’s and its subsidiary Crosskey Banking 
Solutions Ab Ltd’s treasury, accounting, payment and IT-services to maintain day-to-day 
operations. The outsourcing agreement also provides that Ålandsbanken shall ensure that 
the Issuer’s cover pool is administrated in accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bond Act and the SFSA Regulations. 
There is a risk that a failure by any of the Issuer’s Distributors or service suppliers to attract 
customers and/or supply the Issuer with required services could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s business operations and financial position.

--- Page 16 ---
16 (79) 
 
3.2.4 
Credit risk relating to the value of collateral 
The mortgage loans granted by the Issuer and its Distributors are secured by a first ranking 
pledge over mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) or rights to cooperative flats (Sw. bos-
tadsrätt). The value of the collateral is linked to the performance of the Swedish real estate 
and housing market. There are various factors which may have a negative effect on the 
prices on the housing market, for example changes in regulations affecting the market di-
rectly or indirectly, geopolitical factors, a quick rise in interest rates or unemployment lev-
els or changing economic conditions. Legal requirements, such as stricter amortisation re-
quirements as well as stricter caps on loan-to-value levels and loan-to-income ratios, may 
have a negative effect on prices on the Swedish housing market, as the borrowers will be 
able to take up less mortgage loans. The foregoing particularly applies to urban areas where 
market values are higher. In addition, potential constraints of monetary policies can also 
be expected to hold back house price development. Any such changed regulation or up-
coming constraints of monetary policies that hold back pricing development in the housing 
market or lead to a general downturn in the value of properties in Sweden would adversely 
affect the value of the collateral and thus diminish the Issuer’s security for future claims 
against a borrower in case of non-payment of such borrower. In addition, the value of the 
collateral may also be impaired by a borrower’s neglect and/or mismanagement of the rel-
evant property, which ultimately may affect the value of the property. If the housing prices 
on the Swedish housing market, and thus also the value of the Issuer’s collateral for mort-
gage loans, significantly decreases for any reason and a significant number of borrowers 
are unable to pay principal and/or interest in whole or in part, there is a risk that the col-
lateral does not cover the borrowers’ financial obligations under the mortgage loans. Ac-
cordingly, there is a risk that the Issuer fails to recover monies equal to the payments to 
which it is entitled under the relevant mortgage loan, which may adversely affect the value 
of the Issuer’s portfolio of mortgage loans and subsequently result in the Issuer being una-
ble to fulfil its financial obligations and undertakings. 
3.2.5 
Risk of losing key persons 
Financial markets are highly dependent on competent people and there is high demand for 
such people. Risks relating to losing key personnel or not being able to employ new com-
petent people is identified within the Issuer. The Issuer is a small company currently con-
sisting of around forty (40) employees with the aim to compete with established high-street 
banks on the Swedish mortgage loan market. This requires competent, skilful and dedi-
cated people. The Issuer is thus dependent on the members of its management team to-
gether with certain key roles within Finance, Credit and Compliance in order to sustain, 
develop and grow its business. Losing certain people with specific skills could have an ad-
verse effect on the Issuer’s operations. 
3.2.6 
Reputational risk 
The Issuer’s ability to build and maintain a good reputation will be an important factor to 
establish itself as an alternative to high-street banks on the Swedish mortgage loan market. 
Reputational risk, including the risk to earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is 
inherent in the financial services business. Negative public opinion can result from any 
number of causes, including misconduct by employees, the activities of business partners 
over which the Issuer has limited or no control, such as its Distributors, severe or prolonged

--- Page 17 ---
17 (79) 
 
financial losses, or uncertainty about the Issuer’s financial soundness or reliability. Negative 
public opinion may adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to keep and attract customers, de-
positors and investors, as well as its relationships with regulators and the general public. 
The Issuer cannot ensure that it will be successful in avoiding damage to its business from 
reputational risk. Negative public opinion with respect to the Issuer’s operations, offers and 
even its investors and business partners operations, such as its Distributors of mortgage 
loans, could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business. 
3.2.7 
The Issuer faces competition in mortgage loan market 
There is competition for the types of services that the Issuer will provide and there can be 
no assurances that the Issuer can obtain and maintain a competitive position. 
 
The mortgage market in Sweden is in general dominated by a small group of high-street 
banks and is characterised by high competition. The Issuer faces the risk that competitors, 
for example high-street banks, which offer a broad range of products and services through 
widespread retail office networks and online, may outcompete the Issuer’s offers, services 
and products. It is possible that the Issuer’s competitors benefit from certain competitive 
advantages such as lower cost of funds, a more efficient organisation or a larger existing 
customer base. Additionally, there is a risk that new actors will enter the market with new 
or improved technical solutions and or business offers. If new actors successfully enters the 
market or already established high-street banks or other established competitors can con-
tinue to benefit from certain competitive advantages which the Issuer lacks, there is a risk 
that the Issuer will fail to obtain and maintain a profitable market share and that the de-
mand for the Issuer’s services and products decreases, or that the Issuer is required to re-
duce the interest rates that it charges on its loan products in order to maintain demand, 
which would have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s net interest margin and financial 
position. 
3.3 
Risks relating to the Issuer’s financing 
3.3.1 
Market risk 
Market risk is the risk of losses due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and 
equity prices. As the Issuer originates and administers mortgage loans, the Issuer’s market 
risk is mainly represented in terms of interest rate risk due to interest rates payable by the 
Issuer on its funding, and the interest rates that the Issuer charges on mortgage loans to its 
customers. This difference is known as the interest margin. Changes in interest rate levels, 
yield curves and spreads could affect the interest margin. There is a risk that the Issuer’s 
use of hedging instruments for the mismatch in the different terms in funding and investing 
interest rates does not perfectly offset the impact of interest rate changes. There is also a 
risk that the Issuer will not be able to re-price its variable rate assets and liabilities at the 
same time, resulting in a reduction of the interest margin in the short and/or medium term. 
 
Changes in the competitive environment could also affect spreads on the Issuer’s lending 
and deposits. If the Issuer’s funding costs were to significantly increase due to material 
increases in market interest rates or other reasons and the Issuer were unable to suffi-
ciently increase the interest rates on its loan products in a timely manner, or at all, the

--- Page 18 ---
18 (79) 
 
Issuer’s interest margin will be adversely affected, causing an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
net earnings. 
 
Interest rates are also sensitive to several factors that are outside of the Issuer’s control, 
including fiscal and monetary policies of governments and central banks, as well as domes-
tic and international political conditions. The interest rate levels in Sweden have been at 
historically low levels in recent years but have risen sharply in 2022 and 2023. A higher 
interest rate environment could reduce demand for mortgage loans, as individuals may be 
less likely or less able to borrow when interest rates are higher. Higher interest rates would 
also lead to higher interest costs for existing borrowers, which could affect their ability to 
repay their borrowings and lead to an increased rate of defaults. This could in turn have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s net earnings. 
3.3.2 
Liquidity risk and funding risk 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will not be able 
to meet its payment obligations at maturity without significant cost increases or at all. The 
Issuer’s funding policy is to maintain a diverse funding base for its lending operations 
through a combination of, amongst others, retail deposits and long-term debt through the 
issuance of Covered Bonds and Medium Term Notes. As of 30 September 2023, the Issuer’s 
interest-bearing liabilities amounted to approximately SEK 34,663 million. 
 
Funding risks can be exacerbated by enterprise-specific factors, such as over-reliance on a 
particular source of funding, or by market-wide phenomena, such as market dislocation or 
a major disaster. The Issuer’s ability to access funding sources on satisfactory economic 
terms is subject to a variety of factors, a number of them which are outside of the Issuer’s 
control. If access to funding were to be constrained for a prolonged period of time, compe-
tition for retail deposits and the cost of accessing the capital markets could similarly in-
crease. There is a risk that this will increase the Issuer’s cost of funding or result in the Issuer 
not getting access to sufficient funding and, therefore, poses a highly significant risk to the 
Issuer’s net interest margin and financial position.  
 
The Issuer’s ability to issue notes such as Covered Bonds and Medium Term Notes, depends 
on a variety of factors, including the credit quality of the Issuer and its assets, market con-
ditions, the general availability of credit and rating agencies’ assessment of the Issuer. 
There is a risk that these and other factors will limit the Issuer’s ability to issue notes, which, 
in turn, could adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to maintain or grow its loan portfolio as 
well as its net interest margin. 
 
Since the Issuer’s shares are not listed, it does not have direct access to the equity capital 
markets and as a consequence, the Issuer is dependent upon its owners as source of equity 
capital. The Issuer has raised capital from current owners and financial investors to hold 
sufficient own funds in accordance with the Issuer’s internal capital adequacy assessment 
(the “ICAAP”). The amount of the Issuer’s equity as of 30 September 2023 amounted to 
SEK 2,176 million. If the owners do not provide the Issuer with sufficient equity capital 
and/or the debt capital markets are not available to the Issuer, this is likely to affect the 
funding of the Issuer and there is a risk that the Issuer’s financial position and ability to 
operate its business is adversely affected and in turn that the Issuer is not able to meet its 
capital requirements.

--- Page 19 ---
19 (79) 
 
3.3.3 
Adverse change in the credit rating of the Issuer may significantly reduce the Is-
suer’s access to the debt markets and result in increased interest rates on future 
debt 
The Issuer has been assigned a long-term deposit and issuer rating of Baa2 (stable outlook) 
by Moody’s. Any material deterioration in the credit rating of the Issuer may significantly 
reduce the Issuer’s access to the debt markets and result in increased interest rates on 
future debt. A downgrade in the Issuer’s existing credit rating may result from factors spe-
cific to the Issuer or from other factors such as general economic weakness or sovereign 
credit rating ceilings. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
3.4 
Regulatory risks 
3.4.1 
The Swedish legislation implementing the EU Covered Bond Directive 2019/2162 
On 7 January 2020, Directive 2019/2162/EU on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “Cov-
ered Bond Directive”) came into force. On 20 December 2021 a government bill was pub-
lished by the Swedish Government (Sw. Prop. 2021/22:76 Ändrade regler om säkerställda 
obligationer) containing, inter alia, proposals of the legislative amendments needed to im-
plement the Covered Bond Directive in Sweden (the “Covered Bond Proposal”). The 
amendments were made in the Covered Bond Act and the SFSA’s regulations and general 
guidelines regarding covered bonds (Sw. Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd 
om säkerställda obligationer (FFFS 2013:1)) (the “SFSA Regulations”), which entered into 
force on 8 July 2022. The amendments include the introduction of maturity extensions, a 
requirement of a certain liquidity buffer, changes with regards to which assets may be in-
cluded in the Cover Pool, a requirement to give information to investors and a requirement 
to report information to the SFSA. A correct application of regulations is essential for a 
healthy business and a correct application of regulations governing covered bonds is essen-
tial for the Issuer’s ability to issue covered bonds, any failure by the Issuer to comply with 
the Swedish legislation governing covered bonds may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer. 
3.4.2 
Regulatory changes may adversely affect the Issuer and the Issuer operates in a 
legal and regulatory environment that exposes it to potentially significant litiga-
tion and regulatory risks 
The Issuer is subject to financial services laws, regulations, administrative actions and poli-
cies in Sweden and in the EU. The Issuer must meet the requirements set forth in the reg-
ulations regarding, inter alia, minimum capital and capital adequacy, reporting with respect 
to financial information and financial condition, marketing and selling practices, advertis-
ing, terms and conduct of business and permitted investments, liabilities and payment of 
dividends. In addition, certain decisions made by the Issuer may require approval or notifi-
cation to the relevant authorities in advance. 
 
Changes in supervision and regulation could materially affect the business, the products 
and services offered or the value of assets of the Issuer. Such changes in regulation and

--- Page 20 ---
20 (79) 
 
supervision may, for example, expose the Issuer to additional costs and liabilities and re-
quire it to change how it conducts business. 
3.4.3 
Increased capital requirements may adversely affect the Issuer 
The Issuer must comply with numerous capital requirements and standards. Recent and 
possible future changes to capital adequacy and liquidity requirements, mainly regarding 
the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”) and the Capital Requirements Directive 
(“CRD”), imposed on the Issuer may require the Issuer to raise additional Tier 1, common 
equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital by way of issuances of securities and could result in existing 
Tier 1 and Tier 2 securities, if any, ceasing to count towards the Issuer’s regulatory capital, 
either at the same level as at present or at all.  
 
Any updates to the Pillar 2 capital requirement by the SFSA in respect of the Issuer could 
affect its capital position negatively. Any failure by the Issuer to maintain any increased 
regulatory capital requirements or to comply with any other requirements introduced by 
regulators could result in intervention by regulators or the imposition of sanctions, which 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results 
of operations and may also have other effects on the Issuer’s financial performance and on 
the value of the Notes, both with or without the intervention by regulators or the imposi-
tion of sanctions. 
 
The Issuer’s total capital requirement consists of capital requirements for risks within Pillar 
1 (the basic capital requirements in CRR) and Pillar 2 (capital requirements for risks not 
covered by Pillar 1) as well as the combined buffer requirement. Pillar 2 capital adequacy 
requirements are estimated for credit concentration risk, interest rate risk in the banking 
book (“IRRBB”) and credit spread risk in the banking book (“CSRBB”), totalling 2.4 per cent. 
of the Issuer’s risk exposure amount end of September 2023. Furthermore, the total capital 
requirement as per end of September 2023 consists of a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
per cent. and a countercyclical buffer of 2 per cent.  
 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the SFSA has not provided the Issuer with any addi-
tional Pillar 2 guidance. To consider a possible additional guidance coming years, the Is-
suer’s ICAAP includes a Pillar 2 guidance. Since it is not possible to know the outcome of 
the SFSA’s assessment, there is a risk that the actual additional guidance from the SFSA 
exceeds the Issuer’s expectations which in turn means that additional capital is needed. 
Furthermore, the ICAAP contains assumptions of planned volumes of mortgage loans and 
deposits, which can change over time and which in turn can imply other required capital 
levels. The capital requirements will generally change over time as the business plan is re-
alized. While the ICAAP includes a plan for available own funds that will be sufficient to 
meet the regulatory requirements and the capital risk appetite of the Issuer’s board of di-
rectors at all times, there is no certainty that the Issuer would be able to meet the require-
ments when the business plan is realized. A failure to meet the capital requirements could 
adversely affect the Issuer’s ability to operate its business.

--- Page 21 ---
21 (79) 
 
3.4.4 
Sweden have implemented a bank recovery and resolution directive which is in-
tended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions 
and investment firms considered to be at risk of failing 
The Directive 2014/59/EU (the “BRRD”) (including without limitation as amended by the 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive and by Directive (EU) 2019/879 of 20 May 2019 of the Euro-
pean Parliament and of the Council amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms) sets out 
the necessary steps and powers for authorities to ensure that bank failures across the EU 
are managed in a way which mitigates the risk of financial instability and minimises the 
impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system costs for taxpayers. 
The BRRD and subsequent amendments are implemented in Sweden through the Swedish 
Act on Resolution (Sw. lag (2015:1016) om resolution) (the “Resolution Act”).  
 
One of the tools implemented pursuant to the BRRD is bail-in. The Swedish National Debt 
Office (Sw. Riksgäldskontoret) (the “Swedish Resolution Authority”), as applicable, has the 
power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors of a failing institution (which 
write-down may result in the reduction of such claims to zero) and to convert certain un-
secured debt claims to equity or other instruments of ownership (the general bail-in tool), 
which equity and other instruments could also be subject to any future cancellation, trans-
fer or dilution. Relevant claims for the purposes of the general bail-in tool would include 
the claims of the holders of Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds, the latter only if and 
to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds exceed the value 
of the cover pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is secured. However, 
the determination that all or a part of the principal amount of the Covered Bonds will be 
subject to the general bail-in tool, is likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend 
on a number of factors which may be outside of the Issuer’s control. The application of the 
general bail-in tool with respect to the Notes, may result in the cancellation of a portion of 
the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes, however, in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, only if and to the extent that the amounts payable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
exceed the value of the cover pool collateral against which payment of those amounts is 
secured. Accordingly, potential investors in Notes should consider the risk that the general 
bail-in tool may be applied in such a manner as to result in Noteholders losing a part of the 
value of their investment in the Notes. Moreover, the Swedish Resolution Authority may 
exercise its authority to apply the general bail-in tool without providing any advance notice 
to the Noteholders. Noteholders may also have limited or no rights to challenge any deci-
sion of the Swedish Resolution Authority to exercise the general bail-in tool or to have that 
decision reviewed by a judicial or administrative process or otherwise. 
 
The exercise of any power under the Resolution Act or any suggestion of such exercise 
could materially adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their in-
vestment in any Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any 
Notes. The BRRD and the Resolution Act introduced a requirement for credit institutions 
and investment firms to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabili-
ties (“MREL”) for the purposes of ensuring sufficient loss absorbing capacity to enable the 
continuity of critical functions without recourse to public funds. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Swedish Resolution Authority has not imposed an additional MREL require-
ment in relation to the Issuer.

--- Page 22 ---
22 (79) 
 
3.4.5 
Risks relating to the enforcement of collateral 
All or some of the mortgage loans granted by the Issuer are or will be secured by a first 
ranking pledge over mortgage certificates (Sw. pantbrev) or rights to cooperative flats (Sw. 
bostadsrätt). The Issuer is or will therefore be entitled to enforce such security if any bor-
rower defaults under its respective mortgage loan. Perfecting and enforcing security over 
mortgage certificates over real estate or cooperative flats is subject to formal requirements 
and thus risks. For instance, there is no official record in Sweden stating whether a cooper-
ative flat right is pledged. Instead, a pledge is perfected by a notification to the cooperative 
housing association (Sw. bostadsrättsförening). The Issuer is or will be therefore reliant on 
the records of the cooperative housing association and is exposed to risks of fraud and 
mistakes in relation to the creation of the security. Furthermore, under certain circum-
stances obligations owed by the cooperative housing association itself will rank ahead of 
the pledgee of a cooperative flat, even if proper notification has been made. Following the 
enforcement of security over a cooperative flat, the cooperative housing association may, 
depending on the terms of its charter, have a right to refuse the new owner membership 
in the association and will have a right to require that the new owner settles any amounts 
owed to the association by the previous owner. The foregoing may entail a decrease in the 
value of the cooperative flat as it may be harder to dispose. As to the enforcement of se-
curity over mortgage certificate(s), such enforcement must be done through a sale of the 
property by the Swedish Enforcement Authority (Sw. Kronofogdemyndigheten). These en-
forcement processes may be both time-consuming and costly at the same time as the best 
possible price for the property may not be generated through such regulated process. 
 
When collateral is enforced, a court order is normally required to establish the borrower’s 
obligation to pay and to enable a sale by execution measures. The ability of the Issuer to 
enforce the collateral without the consent of the borrower is thus dependent on the deci-
sions from a court, the execution measures, the demand for the relevant real property and 
other relevant circumstances in the Swedish housing market. If the Issuer cannot realise 
the collateral to obtain a sufficient amount to repay the Covered Bonds, for example due 
to delays in obtaining court decisions and/or delays in execution measures, the holders of 
Covered Bonds would as a result not recover any or the full value of the Covered Bonds, 
which presents a significant risk to the Noteholders’ return on their respective investments. 
3.4.6 
Legal risks relating to mortgage loans 
The Issuer’s business operations as well as the mortgage loans are subject to legislation and 
regulations, as well as government policies and general recommendations issued by, inter 
alia, the European Union (EU) and/or relevant Swedish authorities such as the SFSA and 
the Swedish Consumer Agency (Sw. Konsumentverket). For example, as the Issuer grants, 
holds and manages mortgage loans in Sweden, it must comply with the Swedish Consumer 
Credit Act (Sw. konsumentkreditlagen (2010:1846)) for mortgage credits granted since 1 
January 2011. In addition, the Issuer is obliged to follow certain laws and regulations which 
are applicable to its business, such as the Swedish Mortgage Business Act (Sw. lag 
(2016:1024) om verksamhet med bostadskrediter), the Swedish Money Laundering and Ter-
rorist Financing (Prevention) Act (Sw. lag (2017:630) om åtgärder mot penningtvätt och 
finansiering av terrorism) and the Swedish Consumer Credit Act. Such rules and regulation 
may for example limit or delay the Issuer’s ability to exercise its rights under the mortgage 
loans, as the Issuer may be obliged to grant extensions of mortgage loans upon maturity.

--- Page 23 ---
23 (79) 
 
In case of material violations, the relevant authority can, as an ultimate measure prohibit 
the Issuer to continue its operations. The relevant authority may also make remarks and 
issue warnings, each of which may be accompanied by monetary fines. Failure to comply 
with applicable rules and regulations could thus impact the Issuer’s ability to carry out its 
business operations as intended, which would adversely impact the Issuer’s competitive-
ness and profitability. 
3.4.7 
Risks arising from processing of personal data 
Processing of personal data (such as customer data) is part of the daily business of the Is-
suer. Such processing is regulated by the European Union’s General Data Protection Regu-
lation (EU) No 2016/679 (the “GDPR”) and national laws providing strict confidentiality ob-
ligations and sector-specific data protection rules applicable to financial institutions. 
 
Privacy issues and the protection of personal data, in particular the protection of data re-
lating to the Issuer’s customers and employees, are of the essence to the Issuer. However, 
the Issuer have assessed its data protection processes and practices and issued related in-
ternal guidelines, they may not be able to prevent intentional or unintentional misuse of 
its systems containing personal data. Such personal data breaches may be attributable, for 
instance, to human error or faults in ICT systems or software and they may result in identity 
frauds or other types of misuse of personal data if, for instance, customer data is leaked 
outside the Issuer. 
 
A breach of data protection legislation by the Issuer (or its supplier(s)) could result in ad-
ministrative sanctions, claims for damages and/or loss of reputation and customers. The 
GDPR includes an extensive sanction mechanism, according to which breaches of the GDPR 
can result in administrative fines of up to 4 per cent. of the worldwide annual turnover or 
20 million euros (whichever is higher). A breach of personal data legislation could, there-
fore, have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business and results of operations. 
3.5 
Risks related to all Notes  
3.5.1 
Interest rate risks 
The value of the Notes will depend on several factors, one of the most significant in the 
long term being the market interest rates. Notes issued with a floating rate are issued as 
FRNs (Floating Rate Notes). The coupon is calculated on the basis of an interest rate corre-
sponding to the interest base rate plus the interest rate margin, where the interest base 
rate is adjusted before each Interest Period whilst the interest rate margin is fixed through-
out the term. If the interest rate base rate, for example, is constituted of STIBOR 3 months, 
it is the market’s perception of the development of the 3-month interest rates, in connec-
tion with the interest rate margin, that constitutes the basis for calculating the market value 
of the placement. A changed expectation in the market regarding at what level the interest 
rate base will be set at when determining the interest rate in the future will, hence, risk 
lowering the market value on Notes issued with a floating rate.  
Investments in Notes issued with fixed interest rate involve a risk that the market price of 
such Notes may be negatively affected as a result of changes in the market interest rates. 
Generally, longer term of the securities means a higher risk.

--- Page 24 ---
24 (79) 
 
3.5.2 
Risks relating to listing of the Notes, liquidity and the secondary market 
The Final Terms of a Loan may include an undertaking for the Issuer to ensure that the 
Notes under a Loan are admitted to listing on a Regulated Market such as Nasdaq Stock-
holm. In such case, the Issuer is dependent on the Regulated Market’s approval to be able 
to list the Notes under the relevant Loan. If the Notes are not listed in time, or at all, the 
Noteholders holding such notes on an investment savings account (Sw. ISK/Invester-
ingssparkonto) will no longer be able to hold the Notes under the relevant Loan on such 
account, thus affecting the Noteholder’s tax situation. Furthermore, if the Issuer fails to list 
the Notes, there is a risk that a liquid market for trading in the Notes under the relevant 
Loan will not exist.  
Even if the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market such as Nasdaq Stockholm, 
there may be a lack of demand for, and trade in, the Notes. This can result in Noteholders 
being unable to sell their Notes at a desired time or to a return which is comparable to 
similar investments that have an existing and functioning secondary market. The lack of an 
efficient and liquid secondary market may adversely affect the market value of the Notes. 
3.5.3 
The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions which permit their modifi-
cation without the consent of all investors 
The General Terms and Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders 
or a Procedure in Writing to consider matters affecting interests of the Noteholders gener-
ally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Notehold-
ers who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or in the Procedure in Writing and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. Modifications of the General 
Terms and Conditions and other resolutions made at the Noteholders’ meetings or in the 
Procedure in Writing may not be in all Noteholders’ interest. 
3.5.4 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of 
the Notes linked to such “benchmarks” 
Interest payable under the Notes with Floating Interest Rate is calculated by reference to 
Stockholm Interbank Offered Rate (STIBOR) or the Norwegian Interbank Offered Rate (NI-
BOR). STIBOR, NIBOR and other indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” are the sub-
ject of recent international, national and other regulatory guidance and proposals for re-
form. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. 
These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such con-
sequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the gen-
eral increased regulatory scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of 
administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying 
with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on 
certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in 
the “benchmarks” or (iii) lead to disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above 
changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national or other

--- Page 25 ---
25 (79) 
 
proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse 
effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
The General Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain certain provisions on the replace-
ment of base rate in the event of a so-called trigger event occurs in such a way that the 
current base rate, such as STIBOR or NIBOR, inter alia ceases to be published or is no longer 
representative of the underlying market, or if it becomes illegal for the Issuer or the Ad-
ministrative Agent to calculate payment to Noteholders using the current base rate. Re-
placement of base rate and other changes in the terms of the Notes in accordance with 
section 14 of the General Terms and Conditions may be agreed and implemented without 
the consent of the Noteholders. Such changes become binding on all Noteholders covered 
by the terms. There is a risk that such changes, due to the special circumstances of each 
Noteholder, may be to the detriment of the individual Noteholder. If a replacement of base 
rate cannot be determined or applied after a so-called trigger event has occurred, the in-
terest rate for the next interest period may correspond with the interest rate set out for 
the previous interest period. This could mean that a previously determined interest rate is 
applied for Notes with a floating interest rate. If this occurs for a base rate that is linked to 
a certain Note, this may negatively affect investors of such Notes. 
3.6 
Risks related to Covered Bonds 
3.6.1 
No events of default for Covered Bonds 
The General Terms and Conditions do not include any events of default relating to the Cov-
ered Bonds and therefore the General Terms and Conditions do not entitle any holder of 
Covered Bonds to accelerate the Covered Bonds. As such, it is envisaged that the Notehold-
ers will only be paid the scheduled interest payments under the Covered Bonds as and 
when they fall due under the General Terms and Conditions. 
3.6.2 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Pool to meet the matching requirements, 
holders of the Covered Bonds may receive payments according to a schedule that 
is different from that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds 
In the event of a failure of the Cover Pool to meet the matching requirements, holders of 
the Covered Bonds may receive payments according to a schedule that is different from 
that contemplated by the terms of the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer will be required under the Covered Bond Act to comply with certain matching 
requirements as long as there is any Covered Bond outstanding. These requirements pre-
scribe that the nominal value of a cover pool must at all times exceed the aggregate nomi-
nal value of any claims that may be brought against the Issuer in respect of Covered Bonds 
issued by it by an aggregate value of at least two per cent after deduction of expected costs 
related to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds. An 
issuer of Covered Bonds must also ensure that the cash flows in respect of the assets in the 
cover pool, derivative agreements and Covered Bonds are such that the issuer is at all times 
able to fulfil its payment obligations towards the holders of the Covered Bonds and deriva-
tive counterparties. The Issuer may also enter into derivatives contracts to fulfil the match-
ing requirements. In such circumstances, the matching of the Cover Pool is also dependent

--- Page 26 ---
26 (79) 
 
on the availability of derivative counterparties with a sufficient rating and the performance 
by such counterparties of their obligations under the relevant derivative agreements.  
In the event that the Issuer is in material breach of its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Act, the SFSA may withdraw the Issuer’s authorisation to issue additional covered bonds 
and may then determine the manner in which the Issuer’s covered bond operations are 
wound up. If the Issuer’s authorisation to issue covered bonds is withdrawn through failure 
to meet the matching requirements, this would mean that the assets in the Cover Pool are 
not sufficient to redeem the Covered Bonds in full and this could result in holders of Cov-
ered Bonds not receiving the full amount due to them. 
In addition, if, in the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy administrator (Sw. konkursförval-
tare) deems that the Cover Pool does not comply with the matching requirements (for ex-
ample, due to a devaluation of the underlying properties and where no additional assets 
are available to compensate for such devaluation) and the deviations are not just minor 
and temporary, the Cover Pool can no longer be maintained as a unit and the holders of 
Covered Bonds and any related derivative counterparties will instead benefit from the pro-
ceeds of the sale of assets in the Cover Pool in accordance with the Swedish rules regarding 
dividends in bankruptcy. This could result in the holders of Covered Bonds receiving pay-
ment according to a schedule that is different from that contemplated by the terms of the 
Covered Bonds (with accelerations as well as delays) or that the holders of Covered Bonds 
are not paid in full. However, the holders of Covered Bonds and any related derivative 
counterparties will retain the benefit of priority to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool.  
3.6.3 
If any relevant claims in respect of the Covered Bonds are not covered by the 
Cover Pool, any remaining claims will subsequently rank pari passu with the Is-
suer’s obligations under unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
In the event of liquidation or the bankruptcy of the Issuer, claims by holders of Covered 
Bonds and any related derivative counterparties will, to the extent their remaining claims 
are not covered by the Cover Pool, rank pari passu with the Issuer’s unsecured creditors, 
including holders of Medium Term Notes. There is no assurance that the assets in the Cover 
Pool will be sufficient to repay any outstanding Covered Bonds in full or that the assets of 
the Issuer, when insolvent, will cover any remaining claims. In addition, as no issuer of cov-
ered bonds has yet to file for, or be placed into, bankruptcy in Sweden, it is currently un-
clear what the impact of a bankruptcy would be on the Noteholders.  
3.6.4 
Liquidity post Issuer bankruptcy 
Upon the Issuer’s bankruptcy, neither the Issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the 
ability to issue further Covered Bonds. However, the Covered Bond Act gives the bank-
ruptcy administrators an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo 
and other transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to maintaining 
matching cash flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the 
Cover Pool, the Covered Bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such transac-
tions will rank senior to holders of the Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties. The 
bankruptcy administrators may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the Cover Pool in the 
market for example. However, it is uncertain to which extent a bankruptcy administrator 
will be able to find necessary counterparties to enter into agreements to raise liquidity. If

--- Page 27 ---
27 (79) 
 
the bankruptcy estate is not able to raise sufficient liquidity, this could result in a holder of 
Covered Bonds not being paid in a timely manner. 
There are certain issues that may, in the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, lead to a conflict 
between the interests of holders of Covered Bonds and derivative counterparties on the 
one hand and the other creditors on the other. 
In the event of the Issuer’s bankruptcy, the Covered Bond Act does not provide clear guid-
ance on certain issues that may lead to a conflict between holders of the Covered Bonds 
and derivative counterparties on the one hand and the other creditors of the Issuer on the 
other. In particular, these issues include how proceeds from a loan partly registered to the 
Cover Pool should be distributed between the portion of such loan registered to the Cover 
Pool and the portion of such loan not registered to the Cover Pool and how the proceeds 
of enforcement of a mortgage certificate should be distributed if the mortgage serves as 
collateral for two different loans ranking pari passu where one loan is not wholly or partly 
registered in the Cover Pool. The lack of clear guidance on these and similar issues may lead 
to disputes regarding the allocation of proceeds to the Cover Pool and could reduce the 
return to holders of the Covered Bonds. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to 
whether a creditor that obtains execution (Sw. utmätning) against an asset in a cover pool 
more than three months before the Issuer’s bankruptcy could defeat the priority afforded 
to holders of Covered Bonds and any relevant derivative counterparties in relation to such 
asset.  
3.6.5 
Collection of mortgage loans and default by borrowers 
The mortgage loans which secure the Covered Bonds will comprise loans secured by prop-
erty. A borrower may default on its obligation under such mortgage loan. Defaults may 
occur for a variety of reasons and can realise the Issuer’s credit, liquidity and interest rate 
risks. In addition, if a mortgage loan is repaid with rental income from the property, the 
default can cause rental yield reduction and, consequently further affect the ability of a 
borrower to repay the mortgage loan. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and 
principal, such as changes in the national or international economic climates, regional eco-
nomic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability 
of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government pol-
icies. Other factors relating to borrowers’ individual, personal or financial circumstances 
may affect the ability of the borrowers to repay the mortgage loans. Loss of earnings, ill-
ness, divorce, weakening of financial conditions or the results of business operations and 
other similar factors may lead to an increase in delinquencies by and bankruptcies of bor-
rowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay 
the mortgage loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower or the Issuer to sell a property 
given as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that mortgage loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability 
of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the 
time. The registered value of a property in the Cover Pool may be higher than the price for 
which such property can actually be sold on any given day. If borrowers default on their 
obligations under their mortgage loans, it may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s busi-
ness and financial condition and/or, if the proceeds from the assets in the Cover Pool are 
not sufficient to discharge the Covered Bonds in full due to, among other things, borrowers’

--- Page 28 ---
28 (79) 
 
defaults under the mortgage loans, the holders of the Covered Bonds may not be paid in 
full. 
3.6.6 
Reliance on swap providers 
To provide a hedge against possible variances in the rates of interest receivable on the 
mortgage loans and other assets from time to time held by the Issuer (which may, for in-
stance, include variable rates of interest, discounted rates of interest, fixed interest rates 
of interest or rates of interest which track a base rate) and the interest rate(s) under the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer may from time to time enter into swap agreements. 
If any swap counterparty defaults on its obligations to make payments under the relevant 
swap agreement, the Issuer will be exposed to changes in the relevant rates of interest. 
Unless one or more replacement interest rate swap agreements are entered into, the Issuer 
may not have sufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds. 
3.6.7 
The maturity of Covered Bonds may be extended  
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified in the applicable Final Terms to apply to a 
Loan constituted by Notes specified in applicable Final Terms as Covered Bonds. 
If an Extended Maturity Date has been specified and the Issuer has received approval from 
the SFSA to extend the maturity, the maturity of the relevant Notes will be extended to the 
Extended Maturity Date.  
The extension of the maturity of the nominal amount outstanding of the Notes from the 
Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date will not result in any right of the Noteholders 
to accelerate payments or take action against the Issuer and no payment will be payable to 
the Noteholders in that event other than as set out in the General Terms and Conditions. 
Accordingly, there is a risk that Noteholders will not receive a repayment of the principal 
amount on the Maturity Date. 
3.7 
Risks related to the Medium Term Notes 
3.7.1 
The Issuer is not prohibited from issuing further debt which may rank pari passu 
or with priority to the Medium Term Notes 
There is no restriction on the amount or type of debt that the Issuer may issue or incur that 
ranks pari passu or with priority to the Medium Term Notes. Should the Issuer incur any 
such debt, for example by issuing Covered Bonds, there is a risk that the amount recovera-
ble by holders of Medium Terms Notes in the event of the voluntary or involuntary liquida-
tion, bankruptcy or resolution of the Issuer may be reduced, which in turn could have an 
adverse effect on the market value of the Medium Term Notes.  
3.7.2 
Risks related to Green Notes 
The Final Terms of a Loan may specify that the Medium Term Notes issued are defined as 
“green” according to the Issuer's Green Finance Framework. The Issuer’s Green Finance 
Framework, as well as market practice for green notes, may be amended and developed

--- Page 29 ---
29 (79) 
 
after the Issue Date of the Green Notes under the relevant Loan, thus affecting any of the 
requirements applicable to the Issuer in respect of any Green Notes issued thereafter. The 
Issuer's failure to comply with the Green Finance Framework does not constitute a default 
under the Terms and Conditions and would not permit the Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan to exercise any early redemption rights or receive any other type of compensation for 
non-compliance with the Green Finance Framework. There is however a risk that a failure 
to comply with the Green Finance Framework could have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of the Green Notes under the relevant Loan due to investors perceiving the 
Green Notes as a less favourable investment.  
On 22 June 2020 the taxonomy regulation was published (Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a frame-
work to facilitate sustainable investment) (the “Taxonomy Regulation”) and has been sub-
ject to phased implementation. The Taxonomy Regulation entails stricter requirements in 
terms of assessing sustainable investments and provides a basis for the determination of a 
“green” project definition. The Taxonomy Regulation is under further development and as 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not certain as to what extent the Taxonomy Regu-
lation, or other development of regulatory requirements or market practise, will affect the 
Issuer's Green Finance Framework or the Issuer. Accordingly, there is a risk that the Issuer's 
Green Finance Framework will not meet or continue to meet on an ongoing basis any or all 
investor expectations regarding “green” performance objectives.

--- Page 30 ---
30 (79) 
 
4 
Summary of the Swedish legislation regarding covered bonds 
4.1 
General 
The Covered Bond Act entered into force on 1 July 2004 and has been amended several 
times thereafter, most recently on 8 July 2022. It enables Swedish banks and credit market 
companies, which have been granted a specific licence by the SFSA, to issue full-recourse 
debt instruments secured by a cover pool, consisting of residential and commercial mort-
gages, exposures to credit institutions and public exposures. The information set out in this 
section 4 is hence relevant for covered bonds issued from 8 July 2022. For a covered bond 
that has been issued before this date, the previous provisions of the Covered Bond Act will, 
as a main principle, continue to apply during the remaining part of its maturity. For tap 
issues made after 8 July 2022, certain transitional provisions may apply. 
The SFSA has issued regulations and recommendations under the authority conferred on it 
by the Covered Bond Act, including the SFSA’s regulations and general guidelines regarding 
covered bonds (Sw. Finansinspektionens föreskrifter och allmänna råd om säkerställda ob-
ligationer (FFFS 2013:1)) as amended from time to time (the “SFSA Regulations”). The SFSA 
Regulations was last updated on 8 July 2022.  
The label "Swedish covered bonds“ refers to covered bonds that comply with the require-
ments in the Covered Bond Act. The labels "European covered bonds" and "European cov-
ered bonds (premium)" may also be used for covered bonds that comply with the require-
ments in the Covered Bond Act. All of these labels are protected according to the Covered 
Bond Act. In the following, the term “covered bond” is used synonymous with Swedish cov-
ered bond. 
Covered bonds may take the form of bonds and other comparable debt instruments, such 
as commercial paper. In the event of an issuer’s bankruptcy, holders of covered bonds (and 
certain eligible counterparties to derivative contracts entered into for the purpose of 
matching the financial terms of the assets in the cover pool with those of the covered 
bonds) benefit from a priority right in the pool of assets consisting of Eligible Mortgages, 
Public Exposures and Exposures to Credit Institutions (as defined below). The Covered Bond 
Act further enables such holders (and derivative counterparties) to continue to receive 
timely payments also following the issuer’s bankruptcy, subject to certain conditions being 
met. 
The cover pool is dynamic in the sense that an issuer may supplement or substitute assets 
in the cover pool at any time. An issuer may establish more than one cover pool. 
4.2 
Eligible Assets for the cover pool 
According to the Covered Bond Act, the following types of assets qualify for the cover pool:  
(a) 
loans secured by: (i) residential property, i.e. a residence which is occupied by the 
owner or the lessee of the residence, including the right to inhabit an apartment in 
housing cooperatives located in Sweden, or (ii) commercial immovable property lo-
cated within the EEA (“Eligible Mortgages”);

--- Page 31 ---
31 (79) 
 
(b) 
loans to (or guaranteed by) central governments, the ESCB central banks, public sec-
tor entities, regional governments or local authorities in the European Union, as well 
as third country central governments, third-country central banks, multilateral de-
velopment banks, international organisations that qualify for certain credit quality 
steps set out in article 129.1 a and b of the Capital Requirements Regulation (“CRR”) 
(“Public Exposures”); and 
(c) 
exposures to Swedish credit institutions or credit institutions within the EEA, mainly 
in form of exposures based on derivatives contracts, money market instruments and 
bonds that qualify for certain credit quality steps set out in article 129.1 c of the CRR 
(“Exposures to Credit Institutions”). 
Eligible Mortgages, Public Exposures, Exposures to Credit Institutions are together referred 
to as “Eligible Assets”. 
4.3 
Covered Bond Register 
Information in respect of all covered bonds, assets in the cover pool, relevant derivative 
contracts and margin collateral received in relation to such derivative contracts as well as 
funds deriving from the cover pool and the derivative contracts must be entered into a 
special register, which is maintained by the issuer. The actual registration of the covered 
bonds and relevant derivative contracts in the register is necessary to confer the priority 
right in the cover pool. Further, only assets entered into the register form part of the cover 
pool. The register must at all times show the nominal value of the covered bonds, the cover 
pool and the relevant derivative contracts. As a result, the register requires regular updat-
ing, including, without limitation, due to changes in interest rates, interest periods, out-
standing debt and the composition of the cover pool. The value of the underlying collateral 
securing Eligible Mortgages in the cover pool must also be entered into the register. 
4.4 
Loan-to-value ratios and certain other restrictions 
For Eligible Mortgages, there is a maximum loan amount which may be included in the 
cover pool, depending on the value of the underlying collateral, which is set out in the CRR 
to which the Covered Bond Act refers: 
(a) 
for residential property (which includes real property (Sw. fastighet), site leasehold 
rights (Sw. tomträtt) and tenant-owner rights (Sw. bostadsrätt) intended for residen-
tial purposes), a loan may be included in the cover pool only to the extent the loan 
amount does not exceed 80 per cent. of the market value of the collateral; and  
(b) 
for commercial immovable property (intended for business or office purposes), a 
loan may be included in the cover pool only to the extent the loan amount does not 
exceed 60 per cent. of the market value of the collateral. 
Should a loan exceed the relevant ratio, only the part of the loan that falls within the per-
mitted limit may be included in the cover pool (a “Partly Eligible Loan”). The Covered Bond 
Act does not explicitly regulate how proceeds in respect of a Partly Eligible Loan shall be 
distributed between the eligible and the non-eligible parts of the loan. The most likely in-
terpretation is that interest payments shall be allocated pro rata between the eligible and 
non-eligible parts of the loan and that amortisations shall be applied first towards the non-
eligible part of the loan (absent enforcement of the security over the underlying collateral).

--- Page 32 ---
32 (79) 
 
However, proceeds from enforcement of the security should most likely be applied first 
towards the eligible part of the loan. 
A similar situation arises if, for example, the same mortgage security serves as first-ranking 
security for two (or more) loans granted by an issuer and only one of these loans is included 
in the cover pool. The Covered Bond Act does not give clear guidance as to how proceeds 
shall be allocated between the two loans in case of the issuer’s bankruptcy. The lack of 
guidance may give room for unsecured creditors of the issuer to argue that only a pro rata 
portion of such proceeds shall be allocated to the loan included in the cover pool. 
The Covered Bond Act restricts the overall proportion of loans provided against security 
over commercial immovable property to 10 per cent. of an issuer’s cover pool, unless the 
property is used for agricultural or forestry purposes. Furthermore, Exposures to Credit In-
stitutions must meet certain exposure limits, which vary depending on the credit quality of 
the relevant credit institution, set out in art 129.1a of CRR to which the Covered Bond Act 
refers. The total Exposures to Credit Institutions may not exceed 10 – 15 %, depending on 
the credit quality of the relevant credit institution, of the nominal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds. 
Issuers are required to regularly monitor the market value of the mortgage assets that 
serve as collateral for loans included in the cover pool and at least once a year to analyse 
how future changes in market values may affect the loan-to-value ratios and the value of 
all such mortgage assets. If the market value of a mortgage asset declines significantly 
(around 15 per cent. or more according to the preparatory works to the Covered Bond Act), 
then only such part of the loan that falls within the permitted loan-to-value ratio will be 
eligible for inclusion in the cover pool and will be subject to the priority right described 
below. However, a decline in the market value following an issuer’s bankruptcy would not 
result in a reduction of the assets in which holders of covered bonds (and relevant deriva-
tive counterparties) have a priority right but could result in the cover pool ceasing to meet 
the matching requirements. 
4.5 
Matching requirements 
The Covered Bond Act prescribes that an issuer must comply with certain matching require-
ments, which, among other things, require that the nominal value of the assets registered 
in the cover pool exceeds the nominal value of the liabilities which relate to covered bonds 
issued from time to time by at least two per cent after deduction of expected costs related 
to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds. The calcu-
lation shall be made on the basis of current book values. In order to comply with these 
requirements, the issuer may enter into derivative contracts, which will also be taken into 
account when testing the matching. To do so, the issuer is dependent on the availability of 
derivative counterparties with sufficient credit rating and also on such counterparties ful-
filling their contractual obligations. 
Furthermore, an issuer must compose the cover pool in such a way as to ensure a sound 
balance between the covered bonds and the assets in the cover pool in terms of currencies, 
interest rates and interest fixation periods. Such sound balance is deemed to exist when 
the present value of the cover pool at all times exceeds, after deduction of expected costs 
related to maintenance and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds,

--- Page 33 ---
33 (79) 
 
the present value of the liabilities relating to the covered bonds by at least two per cent. 
The present value of derivative contracts shall be taken into account for the purposes of 
such calculation. The calculations of present value shall withstand certain stress tests 
(changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates). 
The payment flows relating to the assets in the cover pool, derivative contracts and covered 
bonds shall be such that an issuer is at all times able to meet its payment obligations to-
wards holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative counterparties. 
Non-performing assets in the cover pool which are more than 60 days overdue must be 
disregarded for the purposes of the matching tests. 
4.6 
Liquidity buffer 
An issuer shall ensure that the cover pool includes a liquidity buffer, which covers the is-
suer’s highest daily cumulative net liquidity outflow in respect of a covered bond for the 
next 180 days. In respect of covered bonds satisfying the requirements for maturity exten-
sion (as described in section “Extension of maturity” below), the calculation of the liquidity 
buffer shall be based on the principal amount of the covered bonds as of the extended 
maturity date. The liquidity buffer shall consist of:  
(a) 
level 1 or level 2A assets as defined in article 3 of the Commission Delegated Regu-
lation (EU) 2015/61 (the “Liquidity Coverage Regulation”), or 
(b) 
exposures to credit institutions which consist of short-term deposits with an initial 
maturity not exceeding 100 days and which meet the requirements for credit qual-
ity step 1 or 2 of article 129.1c of the CRR. 
In certain cases, where there are special reasons, the SFSA may approve that the liquidity 
buffer temporarily consists of level 2B assets as defined in article 3 of the Liquidity Coverage 
Regulation or exposures specified in b) above which meet the requirements for credit qual-
ity step 3 of article 129.1c of the CRR.  
4.7 
Extension of maturity 
An issuer may only extend the maturity of a covered bond subject to the approval from the 
SFSA. Prior to the SFSA making such decision, the Swedish National Debt Office (Sw. 
Riksgälden) and the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbank) shall be given an opportunity to 
comment.  
Approval of an extension of maturity may be given by the SFSA if: 
(a) 
it is likely that an extended maturity can prevent the risk of the issuer’s insolvency 
(Sw. obestånd (insolvens)); and 
(b) 
the terms and conditions of the covered bonds stipulate: 
i. 
that the maturity may only be extended after the SFSA’s approval; 
ii. 
the prerequisites for the SFSA’s approval according to (a) above; and

--- Page 34 ---
34 (79) 
 
iii. 
the extended maturity date, as applicable after the SFSA’s approval. 
For covered bonds satisfying the requirements for maturity extension, the starting-point 
for calculating the liquidity buffer (see section 4.6 (Liquidity buffer)) is the principal amount 
of the covered bonds, pursuant to the extended maturity date stipulated in the terms of 
the covered bonds.  
4.8 
Supervision by the SFSA and the independent monitor 
The SFSA supervises that an issuer complies with the Covered Bond Act and other provi-
sions of the legislative and regulatory framework which regulates the business of the issuer. 
In addition, the SFSA appoints an independent monitor (Sw. oberoende granskare) for each 
issuer that issues covered bonds. 
The independent monitor is responsible for monitoring the register to assess whether or 
not it is being maintained correctly and in compliance with the Covered Bond Act and the 
SFSA Regulations. The monitoring shall be risk-based. In particular, the independent moni-
tor shall verify that (i) covered bonds and relevant derivative contracts are registered in the 
register, (ii) only Eligible Assets are included in the cover pool and registered in the register, 
(iii) the valuations of the underlying collateral for loans in the cover pool are in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Act and the SFSA Regulations, (iv) mortgage loans, the underlying 
collateral of which has decreased significantly in value are, for the purpose of the matching 
requirements, deducted from the cover pool to the extent necessary to comply with the 
relevant loan-to-value ratio and (v) the matching requirements are complied with. In addi-
tion, the independent monitor shall annually review revaluations by the issuer of the un-
derlying collateral. 
The independent monitor is entitled to request information from the issuer, conduct site 
visits and is required to report regularly and at least once a year to the SFSA. The Covered 
Bond Act does not provide for any change to the independent monitor's remit upon the 
bankruptcy of an issuer. 
The SFSA has power to revoke an issuer’s authorisation for the issuance of covered bonds 
under certain circumstances. As a complement to the provisions on sanctions for issuers 
and other credit institutions, additional provisions on sanctions for natural persons have 
been included in the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag (2004:297) om 
bank- och finansieringsrörelse), in relation to breaches of certain provisions in the Covered 
Bond Act. 
4.9 
Information to investors 
The Covered Bond Act prescribes that an issuer shall provide investors with information 
about covered bonds needed for an investor to be able to assess the covered bonds and 
the risk associated with investing in them. If the terms and conditions of the covered bonds 
include maturity extensions, the issuer must provide certain specific information about 
such maturity extensions as set out in the Covered Bond Act. The information to be pro-
vided by the issuer to investors is set out in appendix 1 to the SFSA Regulations and shall 
be published on the issuer’s website at least four times a year.

--- Page 35 ---
35 (79) 
 
4.10 
Benefit of a priority right in the cover pool 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Act and the Swedish Rights of Priority Act (Sw. 
förmånsrättslag (1970:979)), the holders of covered bonds benefit from a priority right in 
the cover pool should the issuer be declared bankrupt (Sw. försatt i konkurs). The same 
priority is awarded to the issuer’s eligible counterparties to derivative contracts entered 
into for the purpose of matching the financial terms of the assets in the cover pool with 
those of the covered bonds. Such derivative counterparties and the holders of covered 
bonds rank pari passu with joint seniority in relation to the cover pool. 
By virtue of the aforementioned priority, holders of covered bonds and relevant derivative 
counterparties rank ahead of unsecured creditors and all other creditors of the issuer in 
respect of assets in the cover pool (except the bankruptcy administrator as regards fees for 
its administration of assets in the cover pool and costs for such administration and obliga-
tions under liquidity loans and other agreements entered into by the bankruptcy adminis-
trator on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to fulfilling the matching require-
ments for the cover pool (see further below)). The priority right also covers cash received 
by an issuer and deriving from the cover pool or relevant derivative contracts, provided 
that such funds has been registered in the register. 
Due to what is generally regarded as an oversight by the legislator, there is some uncer-
tainty as to whether a creditor that obtains execution (Sw. utmätning) against an asset in 
the cover pool earlier than three months before an issuer’s bankruptcy could defeat the 
priority afforded to holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties as regards such 
asset. However, an execution that is levied less than three months before the issuer is being 
declared bankrupt will typically not defeat the priority. 
4.11 
Administration of the cover pool in the event of bankruptcy 
Should an issuer be declared bankrupt, at least one bankruptcy administrator would be 
appointed by the bankruptcy court and one bankruptcy administrator would be appointed 
by the SFSA. The bankruptcy administrators would take over the administration of the 
bankruptcy estate, including the cover pool. 
Provided that (and as long as) the cover pool meets the requirements of the Covered Bond 
Act (including the matching requirements), the assets in the cover pool, the covered bonds 
and any relevant derivative contracts that have been entered into the register are required 
to be maintained as a unit and kept segregated from other assets and liabilities of the bank-
ruptcy estate of the issuer. The bankruptcy administrators are in such case required to pro-
cure the continued timely service of payments due under the covered bonds and any rele-
vant derivative contracts. Consequently, the bankruptcy would not as such result in early 
repayment or suspension of payments to holders of covered bonds or to derivative coun-
terparties, so long as the cover pool continues to meet the requirements of the Covered 
Bond Act. 
Upon an issuer’s bankruptcy, neither the issuer nor its bankruptcy estate would have the 
ability to issue further covered bonds. However, the Covered Bond Act gives the bankruptcy 
administrators an explicit and broad mandate to enter into loan, derivative, repo and other 
transactions on behalf of the bankruptcy estate with a view to maintaining matching cash

--- Page 36 ---
36 (79) 
 
flows, currencies, interest rates and interest periods between assets in the cover pool, cov-
ered bonds and derivative contracts. Counterparties in such transactions will rank senior to 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties. The bankruptcy administrators 
may also raise liquidity by selling assets in the cover pool in the market for example. How-
ever, it is uncertain to which extent a bankruptcy administrator will be able to find neces-
sary counterparties to enter into agreements to raise liquidity. If the bankruptcy estate is 
not able to raise sufficient liquidity, this could result in a holder of covered bonds not being 
paid in a timely manner. 
If the cover pool ceases to meet the requirements of the Covered Bond Act, and the devia-
tions are not just temporary and minor, the cover pool may no longer be maintained as a 
unit and the continuous payment under the terms and conditions of the covered bonds and 
derivative contracts will cease. The holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties 
would in such case instead benefit from a priority right in the proceeds of a sale of the 
assets in the cover pool in accordance with general bankruptcy rules. This could result in 
the holders of covered bonds receiving payment according to a schedule that is different 
from that contemplated by the terms and conditions of the covered bonds (with accelera-
tions as well as delays) or that the holders of covered bonds are not paid in full. However, 
the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties would retain the benefit of the 
right of priority in the assets comprising the cover pool (although certain bankruptcy-re-
lated costs (such as fees payable to the bankruptcy administrators) would rank ahead of 
the holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties). Any residual claims of the 
holders of covered bonds and derivative counterparties remain valid claims against the is-
suer but will rank pari passu with other unsecured and unsubordinated creditors of the 
issuer.

--- Page 37 ---
37 (79) 
 
5 
General Terms and Conditions and Form of Final Terms 
The general terms and conditions the (“Terms and Conditions”) shall apply to any and all loans that 
Borgo AB (publ) (Reg. No. 559153-2303) (the “Issuer”) raises on the Swedish or Norwegian capital 
market under an agreement with the Dealers (as defined below) in respect of a Swedish medium term 
notes and covered bonds programme (the “Programme”) by issuing (i) Medium Term Notes (as de-
fined below) and/or (ii) Covered Bonds (as defined below) (Sw. säkerställda obligationer) in SEK or NOK 
up to a maximum aggregate amount equivalent of SEK 50,000,000,000 (the “Framework Amount”), 
each with varying terms and tenor, however not less than one year. The maximum Total Nominal 
Amount (as defined below) of all Loans (as defined below) outstanding under the Programme from 
time to time may not exceed the Framework Amount, unless otherwise agreed in accordance with 
these Terms and Conditions. 
For each Loan, final terms are prepared in accordance with Appendix 1 (Form of Final Terms) that 
include supplementary terms and conditions (the “Final Terms”) which together with these Terms and 
Conditions constitute the complete terms and conditions for the relevant Loan (the “Loan Terms”). 
Final Terms for Notes that are offered to the public will be published on the Issuer’s website (www. 
borgohypotek.se) and made available at the office of the Issuer for as long as any Notes are outstand-
ing. The Issuer will keep the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for such Notes available on its 
website. 
1 
Definitions 
1.1 
In addition to the definitions set forth above, the following terms shall have the meaning 
given below. 
“Account Operator” means a bank or other party duly authorised to operate as an account 
operator (Sw. kontoförande institut) pursuant to (a) the Swedish Financial Instruments Ac-
counts Act or (b) the Norwegian CSD Act, as applicable, and through which a Noteholder 
has opened a Securities Account in respect of its Notes. 
“Adjusted Loan Amount” means, with respect to a specific Loan, the Loan Amount less the 
amount of all Notes owned by the Issuer, another Group Company or any Affiliate of the 
Issuer, whether the Issuer, that Group Comp any or any such Affiliate is directly registered 
as owner of such Notes or not. 
“Administrative Agent” means (i) if a Loan has been raised through two or more Issuing 
Dealers, the Issuing Dealer designated by the Issuer to be responsible for certain adminis-
trative tasks regarding the Loan in accordance with the Final Terms; and (ii) if a Loan has 
been raised through only one issuing Dealer, the issuing Dealer. 
“Affiliate” means, in relation to any person a Subsidiary of that person or a Holding Com-
pany of that person or any other Subsidiary of that Holding Company. 
“Arranger” means Nordea Bank Abp or any Dealer replacing it as Arranger. 
“Base Rate” means in regards to Loans with Floating Interest Rate, the base rate STIBOR or 
NIBOR as described in the Final Terms or any reference rate replacing STIBOR or NIBOR in 
accordance with section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate).

--- Page 38 ---
38 (79) 
 
“Business Day” means: 
(a) 
in respect of Euroclear Notes, a day other than a Sunday or other public holiday in 
Sweden on which commercial banks are open for general business in Stockholm. Sat-
urdays, Midsummer’s Eve (Sw. midsommarafton), Christmas Eve (Sw. julafton) and 
New Year’s Eve (Sw. nyårsafton), shall for the purpose of this definition be deemed 
to be public holidays in Sweden; and 
(b) 
in respect of VPS Notes, a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other public holiday 
in Norway on which banks are open for general business in Oslo and Stockholm and 
in relation to payments of Notes, also a day on which the Norwegian Central Bank’s 
(No. Norges Bank) and the VPS’s settlement system are operating. 
“Code on Parents and Children” means the Swedish Code on Parents and Children (Sw. 
föräldrabalken (1949:381)). 
“Companies Act” means the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). 
“Cover Pool” means for each Loan the relevant cover pool (Sw. säkerhetsmassa) securing 
the Loan as specified in the Final Terms for such Loan. 
“Covered Bond” means a unilateral promissory note (Sw. skuldförbindelse) which is regis-
tered in accordance with the Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act and coupled with 
rights of priority in accordance with the Covered Bond Act and the Rights of Priority Act 
(Sw. säkerställd obligation), and which is governed by and issued under these Terms and 
Conditions. 
“Covered Bond Act” means the Swedish covered bonds issuance act (Sw. lag (2003:1223) 
om utgivning av säkerställda obligationer) as amended. 
“Covered Bond Directive” means Directive 2019/2162/EU on the issue of covered bonds 
and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU. 
“CSD” means the central securities depository and registrar in which the Notes are regis-
tered as stated in the Final Terms and is (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of Euroclear Notes 
and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS Notes. 
“Currency” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Day Count Convention” means, when calculating an amount for a certain reference pe-
riod, the stated basis of calculation and which: 
(a) 
if the calculation method “30/360” is specified as applicable, means that the amount 
is to be calculated based on a year with 360 days consisting of twelve months each 
consisting of 30 days and in the case of a fraction of a month using the actual number 
of days of the month that have passed; and 
(b) 
if the calculation method “actual/360” is specified as applicable, means that the 
amount is to be calculated on the actual number of days elapsed in the relevant pe-
riod divided by 360.

--- Page 39 ---
39 (79) 
 
“Dealers” means Nordea Bank Abp, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Danske Bank 
A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial, Swedbank AB (publ) and such other dealer (Sw. emissionsin-
stitut) appointed for this Programme in accordance with Clause 15.4, but only for so long 
as such dealer has not withdrawn as a dealer. 
“Debt Register” means the register, held by (i) Euroclear Sweden in respect of Euroclear 
Notes and (ii) VPS in respect of VPS Notes, of Noteholders in relation to a Loan. 
“Euroclear Notes” means Notes denominated in SEK. 
“Euroclear Sweden” means Euroclear Sweden AB (Reg. No. 555112-8074).  
“Event of Default” means an event or circumstance specified in Clause 11.1. 
“Extended Maturity Date” has the meaning set out in Clause 8.2 (Extended Maturity in 
respect of Covered Bonds) and as further specified in the Final Terms. 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Group. 
“Fixed Interest Rate” has the meaning set out in Clause 6 (Interest) and as further specified 
in the Final Terms. 
“Floating Interest Rate” has the meaning set out in Clause 6 (Interest) and as further spec-
ified in the Final Terms. 
“Green Finance Framework” means the Issuer’s green finance framework as at the time of 
issuance of the relevant Loan and as further specified in the Final Terms. 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries from time to time. 
“Group Company” means a company which is a part of the Group. 
“Holding Company” means, in relation to a person, any other person in respect of which it 
is a Subsidiary. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, the date from 
which interest shall begin to accrue. 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Payment Date” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms.  
“Interest Period” has the meaning set out in the Final Terms. 
“Interest Rate” means the rate of interest applicable to a Loan, as specified in the Final 
Terms. 
“IPA” and means Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge (Reg. No. 920058817) or such other issuing 
and paying agent as is appointed by the Issuer. 
“Issue Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 40 ---
40 (79) 
 
“Issuing Dealer” means, in accordance with the Final Terms, that or those Dealers through 
which a particular Loan has been raised under this Programme. 
“Limitations Act” means the Swedish Limitations Act (Sw. preskriptionslag (1981:130)). 
“Loan” means each loan, comprising of one or more Notes with the same ISIN, raised by 
the issuer under this Programme. 
“Loan Amount” means the aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes with regards to a particular 
Loan. 
“Margin” has the meaning specified in the Final Terms. 
“Market Debt” means bonds, notes or other debt securities (however defined), which are 
or can be quoted, listed, traded or otherwise admitted to listing on a Regulated Market, a 
multilateral trading facility or an organised trading facility (each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments).  
“Maturity Date” means the date specified in the Final Terms. 
“Material Group Company” means the Issuer or a Subsidiary of the Issuer representing 
more than ten (10) per cent. of either (i) total assets of the Group on a consolidated basis 
(for the avoidance of doubt, excluding any intra-group transactions) or (ii) the net profit of 
the Group according to the latest consolidated financial report of the Group. 
“Medium Term Note” means a unilateral promissory note (Sw. skuldförbindelse) which is 
not a Covered Bond and which is registered in accordance with the Swedish Financial In-
struments Accounts Act, and which is governed by and issued under these Terms and Con-
ditions. 
“NIBOR” means the interest rate for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period 
(a) based on quotes from the NIBOR panel banks for unsecured money market lending in 
NOK to another bank which is administered by Norske Finansielle Referenser A S (NoRe) 
and calculated and published by Global Rate Set Systems Ltd. (or any successor to it), at 
approximately 12:00 (Oslo time) on the Interest Determination Date, or if such quotation 
does not exist at the mentioned time (b) equivalent to (i) the arithmetic mean of the quoted 
interest rates (rounded upwards to four decimal places) for deposits of NOK 100,000,000 
for the period in question on the Norwegian interbank market as supplied by leading banks 
in the Norwegian interbank market reasonably selected by the Administrative Agent; or (ii) 
if only one or no such quotation is given, the Administrative Agent’s assessment of the in-
terest rate offered by Norwegian commercial banks for lending of NOK 100,000,000 for the 
period in question on the Norwegian interbank market. 
“Nominal Amount” means the principal amount of each Note that is stated in the relevant 
Final Terms, less any amount repaid, cancelled or written down in accordance with the Loan 
Terms or applicable legislation. 
“Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts” means the Norwegian Act on Credit Contracts (No. 
lov av 25. juni 1999 nr. 46 om finansavtaler ag finansoppdrag).

--- Page 41 ---
41 (79) 
 
“Norwegian CSD Act” means the Norwegian Act on Securities Settlement and Centralised 
Securities Depositories Act (No. lov av 15. March 2019 nr. 6 om verdipapirsentraler og ver-
dipapiroppjør). 
“Note” means a debt instrument for the Nominal Amount, of the type set forth in the Swe-
dish Financial Instruments Accounts Act in respect of Euroclear Notes, or the Norwegian 
CSD Act in respect of VPS Notes, which represents a part of a Loan, which is governed by 
these Terms and Conditions and which is either a (i) Medium Term Note or (ii) a Covered 
Bond. 
“Noteholder” means the person who is registered on a Securities Account as direct regis-
tered owner (Sw. ägare) or nominee (Sw. förvaltare) with respect to a Note. 
“Noteholders’ Meeting” means a meeting among the Noteholders, in respect of a Loan 
held in accordance with Clause 12 (Noteholders’ meeting). 
“NOK” means Norwegian kroner, the lawful currency of Norway. 
“Record Date” means: 
(a) 
in relation to Euroclear Notes, the fifth Business Day (or another Business Day which 
is market practice on the Swedish bond market), prior to (i) the payment date for 
interest or principal in accordance with the Loan Terms, (ii) a date on which payments 
is to be made to Noteholders, (iii) the date of a Noteholders’ Meeting, (iv) a date on 
which a notice is sent or (v) another relevant date; and 
(b) 
in relation to VPS Notes, (A) the third Business Day (or another Business Day which 
is market practice on the Norwegian bond market), prior to (i) the payment date for 
principal in accordance with the Loan Terms, (ii) a date on which payments (other 
than interest payments) is to be made to Noteholders, (iii) the date of a Noteholders’ 
Meeting, (iv) a date on which a notice is sent or (v) another relevant date; and (B) 
the fourteenth Business Day (or another Business Day which is market practice on 
the Norwegian bond market), prior to the payment date for interest in accordance 
with the Loan Terms. 
“Regulated Market” means a regulated market as defined in Directive 2014/65/ EU on mar-
kets in financial instruments (or any replacing or supplementing legal act) and stated in the 
Final Terms as applicable to a Loan. 
“Rights of Priority Act” means the Swedish rights of priority act (Sw. förmånrättslag 
(1970;979)). 
“Securities Account” means the account maintained by the relevant CSD in which (i) an 
owner of such security is directly registered or (ii) an owner’s holding of securities is regis-
tered in the name of a nominee, in accordance with applicable law of the relevant country. 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien, security assignment or other security 
interest securing any obligation of any person, or any other agreement or arrangement 
having a similar effect. 
“SEK” means Swedish kronor, the lawful currency of Sweden.

--- Page 42 ---
42 (79) 
 
“STIBOR” means: 
(a) 
the interest rate administered, calculated and distributed by the Swedish Financial 
Benchmark Facility AB (or the replacing administrator or calculation agent) for the 
relevant day and published on the information system Refinitiv’s page ”STIBOR=” (or 
through such other system or on such other page as replaces the said system or page) 
for SEK for a period comparable to the relevant Interest Period; or   
(b) 
if no such interest rate is available for the relevant Interest Period as described in 
paragraph (a), the arithmetic mean of the rates (rounded upwards to four decimal 
places) as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted by Swedish 
commercial banks for deposits of SEK 100,000,000 for the relevant Interest Period; 
or 
(c) 
if no such interest rate as described in paragraph (a) or (b) is available, the interest 
rate which, according to the reasonable assessment of the Administrative Agent, 
best reflects the interest rate for deposits in SEK offered in the Stockholm interbank 
market for the relevant Interest Period. 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to any person, any Swedish or foreign legal entity (whether 
incorporated or not), which at any time is a subsidiary to such person, directly or indirectly, 
as defined in the Companies Act. 
“Swedish Financial Instruments Accounts Act” means the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act (Sw. lag (1998:1479) om värdepappercentraler och kontoföring av finansiella 
instrument). 
“Total Nominal Amount” means, for a Loan, the total aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes outstanding at the relevant time. 
“VPS” means Verdipapirsentralen ASA (Reg. No. 985 140 42 1).  
“VPS Notes” means Notes denominated in NOK. 
1.2 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in the Loan Terms to: 
(a) 
 any agreement or instrument is a reference to that agreement or instrument as sup-
plemented, amended, novated, extended, restated or rep laced from time to time; 
(b) 
 a “regulation” or “law” includes any law, regulation, rule or official directive, request 
or guideline (whether or not having the force of law) of any governmental, intergov-
ernmental or supranational body, agency, department or regulatory or other author-
ity or organisation; 
(c) 
a provision of law or regulation is a reference to that provision as amended or re-
enacted; and 
(d) 
a time of day is a reference to Stockholm time. 
1.3 
When ascertaining whether a limit or threshold expressed in SEK has been reached or ex-
ceeded, an amount in another currency shall be counted on the basis of the rate of ex-
change on the previous Business Day which is published on Reuters site ”SEKFIX=” (or 
through other such system or on another site which rep laces the aforementioned system 
or site) or, if no such rate is published, the rate of exchange for such currency against SEK

--- Page 43 ---
43 (79) 
 
for the mentioned date, as published by the Swedish Central Bank (Sw. Riksbanken) on its 
website (www.riksbank.se). 
1.4 
The definitions set out in these Terms and Conditions shall apply to the Final Terms. 
1.5 
Unless a contrary indication appears, any reference in these Terms and Conditions to any 
word importing the singular shall include the plural and vice versa. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Medium Term Notes or Cov-
ered Bonds. 
2.1 
Status of the Covered Bonds and Cover Pool 
2.1.1 
This Clause 2.1 is applicable to Loans constituted by Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. The Covered Bonds rank pari passu with all other obligations of the 
Issuer that have been provided the same priority in the Cover Pool. 
2.1.2 
For each Loan, the relevant Final Terms will specify which Cover Pool secures the Loan. 
2.2 
Status of the Medium Term Notes 
This Clause 2.2 is applicable to Loans constituted by Notes specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being Medium Term Notes. The Medium Term Notes constitute direct, unsecured, 
unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passi without any 
preference among themselves, and at least pari passu with all other direct, unsecured, un-
conditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, except obligations which are pre-
ferred by mandatory regulation.  
3 
Issue of Notes 
3.1 
Under this Programme the Issuer may issue Notes, denominated in SEK or in NOK, with a 
maturity of at least one (1) year. Under a Loan, Notes may be issued in multiple tranches 
without the approval of any Noteholder under the relevant Loan, provided that the terms 
of such tranches are identical with the exception of Issue Date, Loan Amount, price per 
Note and Issuing Dealer. 
3.2 
By subscribing for Notes each initial Noteholder approves that its Notes shall be governed 
by the Loan Terms. By acquiring Notes each new Noteholder confirms such approval. 
3.3 
The Issuer undertakes to make payments in respect of issued Notes in accordance with the 
Loan Terms and to comply with the Loan Terms for the Notes. 
3.4 
If the Issuer wishes to issue Notes under this Programme the Issuer shall enter into a sepa-
rate agreement for this purpose with one or more Dealers which shall be the Issuing Dealers

--- Page 44 ---
44 (79) 
 
for such Loan. Final Terms shall be prepared in relation to each particular Loan, which to-
gether with these Terms and Conditions shall constitute the full Loan Terms. 
4 
Registration of Notes 
4.1 
Notes shall be registered on a Securities Account on behalf of Noteholders and, accordingly, 
no physical Note will be issued. Registration requests relating to Notes shall be directed to 
an Account Operator. 
4.2 
Those who according to assignment, pledge, the provisions of the Code on Parents and 
Children, conditions of will or deed of gift or otherwise have acquired a right to receive 
payment in respect of a Note shall procure for registration of their right to receive payment. 
4.3 
The Administrative Agent shall, at all times, be entitled to obtain information from the rel-
evant CSD regarding the contents of the Debt Register for purposes of carrying out their 
duties in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and if the relevant CSD permits, for 
other purposes, and shall not disclose such information to the Issuer, any Noteholder or 
third party unless necessary for such purposes. The Administrative Agent shall not be re-
sponsible for the content of such excerpt or in any other way be responsible for verifying 
who is a Noteholder. 
4.4 
The Issuer shall, if necessary for the Administrative Agent to be able to obtain information 
in accordance with Clause 4.3, issue a power of attorney for individuals employed by the 
Administrative Agent (as specified by the Administrative Agent) in order for these individ-
uals to independently obtain information from the Debt Register. The Issuer may not re-
voke such power of attorney except if the Administrative Agent so instructs the Issuer, or 
gives its approval to the Issuer. 
4.5 
In order to comply with the conditions for a Loan, the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, 
may, each acting as a data controller, collect and process personal data. The processing is 
based on the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s necessity to fulfil its respective obliga-
tions under these Terms and Conditions (and to the extent no such strict necessity exists, 
on the basis of the Issuer’s or the Administrative Agent’s legitimate interests). Unless oth-
erwise required or permitted by law, the personal data will not be kept longer than neces-
sary given the purpose of the processing. To the extent permitted under the conditions for 
a Loan, personal data may be shared with third parties, such as Euroclear Sweden, which 
will process the personal data further as a separate data controller. Data subjects generally 
have right to know what personal data the Issuer and the Administrative Agent processes 
about them and may re-quest the same in writing at the Issuer’s or the Administrative 
Agent’s registered address. In addition, data subjects have the right to request that per-
sonal data is rectified and have the right to receive personal data provided by themselves 
in machine-readable format. Information about the Issuer’s and the Administrative Agent’s 
respective personal data processing can be found on their respective websites. 
5 
Payments 
5.1 
Payment in respect of Notes denominated in SEK shall be made in SEK and payment in re-
spect of Notes denominated in NOK shall be made in NOK.

--- Page 45 ---
45 (79) 
 
5.2 
Repayment of principal and payment of interest shall be made to the person who is regis-
tered as a Noteholder on the Record Date for the respective payment date or to such per-
son who is registered with the relevant CSD on the Record Date as being entitled to receive 
such payment. 
5.3 
The Issuer has appointed the IPA to facilitate payments of interest and repayment or prin-
cipal amounts for VPS Notes. The Issuer undertakes to, for as long as any VPS Notes regis-
tered with VPS are outstanding, procure that payments of interest and repayment of prin-
cipal amounts for such VPS Notes may be made by the IPA in accordance with the condi-
tions for the VPS Note, the rules and regulations of VPS and relevant agreements between 
the Issuer and the IPA. 
5.4 
For as long as VPS Notes are outstanding with VPS, the IPA shall ensure that payments of 
interest and principal in relation to VPS Notes may be made by the IPA, these Terms and 
Conditions and the regulations applicable to the IPA from time to time in relation to record 
keeping, clearing and settlement. 
5.5 
If a Noteholder has registered, through an Account Operator, that principal or interest shall 
be deposited into a certain bank account, such deposit shall be effected by the relevant 
CSD on the relevant payment date. 
5.6 
Should the relevant CSD, due to a delay on behalf of the Issuer or due to any other obstacle 
(other than the obstacle set out in Clause 5.7), not be able to effect payments as aforesaid, 
the Issuer shall ensure that such payments are made to the persons who are registered as 
Noteholders on the relevant Record Date as soon as possible after such obstacle has been 
removed. In the case of such postponement, interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 
7.1. 
5.7 
If the Issuer is unable to carry out, its obligations to pay through the IPA or a CSD due to 
obstacles for the IPA or the relevant CSD, the Issuer shall have a right to postpone the ob-
ligation to pay until the obstacle has been removed. In the case of such postponement, 
interest shall accrue in accordance with Clause 7.1. 
5.8 
If payment is made in accordance with this Clause 5.8, the Issuer and the relevant CSD shall 
be deemed to have fulfilled their payment obligations, irrespective of whether such pay-
ment was made to a person not entitled to receive such a mount. However, this shall not 
apply if the Issuer or the CSD were aware that payment was made to a person not entitled 
to receive the payment. 
5.9 
The Issuer is not liable to gross-up any payments under Notes by virtue of any withholding 
tax or otherwise imposed pursuant to any regulations or agreements thereunder, or any 
official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto, public levy or the similar. 
6 
Interest 
6.1 
Interest on a particular Loan is calculated in accordance with the Final Terms.

--- Page 46 ---
46 (79) 
 
6.2 
The basis for interest calculation shall be stated in the Final Terms according to one of the 
following alternatives: 
(a) 
Fixed Interest Rate 
If a Loan denominated in SEK is specified as a Loan with Fixed Interest Rate the Loan will 
bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date 
up to and including the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
If a Loan denominated in NOK is specified as a Loan with Fixed Interest Rate the Loan will 
bear interest at the Interest Rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date up 
to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued during each Inter-
est Period is paid in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be calculated 
using the Day Count Convention 30/360. 
(b) 
Floating Interest Rate (FRN) 
If a Loan denominated in SEK is specified as a Loan with Floating Interest Rate the Loan will 
bear interest at the Interest Rate from, but excluding, the Interest Commencement Date 
up to and including the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). The 
Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative 
Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and 
the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of section 14 (Replacement 
of Base Rate). 
If a Loan denominated in NOK is specified as a Loan with Floating Interest Rate the Loan 
will bear interest at the Interest Rate from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
up to, but excluding, the Maturity Date (of if applicable, the Extended Maturity Date). The 
Interest Rate for the relevant Interest Period shall be calculated by the Administrative 
Agent on the respective Interest Determination Date and is the sum of the Base Rate and 
the Margin for the relevant period, adjusted for the application of section 14 (Replacement 
of Base Rate). 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined on the Interest Determination Date due to such 
obstacle as referred to in Clause 18.1 interest shall continue to accrue on the Loan at the 
interest rate applicable to the preceding Interest Period. As soon as the obstacle has been 
removed, the Administrative Agent (for Euroclear Notes) and the IPA (for VPS Notes) shall 
calculate a new Interest Rate which shall be effective from the second Business Day follow-
ing the day of the calculation until the expiration of the current Interest Period. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest accrued during each Inter-
est Period will be payable in arrears on the relevant Interest Payment Date and shall be 
calculated using the Day Count Convention Actual/360, or by using such other method of 
calculation as is applied for the relevant Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of any doubt, if the Base Rate plus the Margin for the relevant period is 
below zero (0), the Floating Rate shall be deemed to be zero (0).

--- Page 47 ---
47 (79) 
 
6.3 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing a fixed Interest Rate is not a Business Day 
then interest will be paid on the next Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued only 
up to and including the Interest Payment Date for Euroclear Notes and up to, but excluding, 
the Interest Payment Date for VPS Notes. 
6.4 
If the Interest Payment Date for a Loan bearing Floating Interest Rate is not a Business Day, 
then the next Business Day shall be considered the Interest Payment Date provided that 
such Business Day does not occur in a new calendar month, in which case the Interest Pay-
ment Date shall be the previous Business Day. Interest is calculated and accrued up to and 
including the Interest Payment Date for Euroclear Notes and up to, but excluding, the In-
terest Payment Date for VPS Notes. 
7 
Penalty interest 
7.1 
In the event of any delay in payment relating to principal and/or interest (except, for the 
avoidance of doubt, in relation to an Extended Maturity Date), penalty interest shall be 
payable on the overdue amount from its due date up to and including the date on which 
payment is made at a rate corresponding to the average of one week STIBOR for Notes 
denominated in SEK and one week NIBOR for Notes denominated in NOK for the duration 
of the delay, plus two (2) percentage points in each case. STIBOR and NIBOR shall for this 
purpose be determined on the first Business Day in each calendar week for the duration of 
the period of default. Penalty interest, in accordance with this Clause 7.1, shall never be 
paid at a lower interest rate than the interest rate applicable to the relevant Loan on its 
relevant due date with the addition of two (2) percentage points. Penalty interest shall not 
be capitalised. 
7.2 
If the delay is due to an obstacle of the kind set out in Clause 18.1 on the part of the Issuing 
Dealer, the IPA or any relevant CSD, no penalty interest shall apply, in which case the inter-
est rate which applied to the relevant Loan on the relevant due date shall apply instead. 
8 
Redemption and Repurchase 
8.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Each Note shall be redeemed on its Maturity Date (or if applicable, the Extended Maturity 
Date) in an amount equal to its Nominal Amount (or such other amount specified in the 
relevant Final Terms), together with accrued but unpaid interest. If the Maturity Date (or if 
applicable, the Extended Maturity Date) is not a Business Day, redemption shall occur on 
first following Business Day. 
8.2 
Extended Maturity in respect of Covered Bonds 
8.2.1 
This Clause 8.2 is applicable only to Loans constituted by Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Covered Bonds and references to “Notes” and “Loans” shall be con-
strued accordingly, and the same applies to any reference to “Noteholder” which shall be 
construed a holder of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 48 ---
48 (79) 
 
8.2.2 
An Extended Maturity Date may be specified as applicable to a Loan in the Final Terms and 
may, in such cases, extend the Maturity Date to the Extended Maturity Date, in each case 
subject to (i) such extension being permitted by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Author-
ity (Sw. Finansinspektionen) as a result of it being deemed likely that the extension will 
prevent insolvency (Sw. obestånd (insolvens)) of the Issuer or otherwise as a result of a 
trigger of the maturity event(s) stipulated in the Covered Bond Act or any other legislation 
that implements Article 17.1 (a) of the Covered Bond Directive and (ii) the Final Terms spec-
ifies the date being the Extended Maturity Date. 
8.2.3 
If the Maturity Date is extended to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with Clause 
8.2.2 above, the Issuer shall no later than thirty (30) calendar days prior to the specified 
Maturity date give written notice to the Administrative Agent (and instruct the Administra-
tive Agent to notify Euroclear Sweden) and the Noteholders (in accordance with Clause 17 
(Notices)) of its intention to so extend the maturity of the Notes (however, failure to make 
such notifications shall not constitute an Event of Default or acceleration of payment for 
any purpose or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of interest, principal 
or otherwise on the relevant Loan other than as expressly set out in the Loan Terms). 
8.2.4 
Any extension of the maturity of the Notes under this Clause 8.2 shall be irrevocable. Where 
this Clause 8.2.2 applies, any extension of the maturity of the Notes under this Clause 8.2.2 
shall not for any purpose or give any Noteholder any right to receive any payment of inter-
est, principal or otherwise on the relevant Notes other than as expressly set out in the Loan 
Terms. 
8.2.5 
If the maturity of the Notes is extended up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance 
with this Clause 8.2.2, subject to as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms, for so 
long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not issue any further Notes, 
unless the proceeds from the issuance of such further Notes are used for redeeming in 
whole or in part the relevant Notes the maturity of which has been extended in accordance 
with this Clause 8.2.2. 
8.3 
Purchase of Notes by the Issuer and other Group Companies 
The Issuer and any other Group Company may repurchase Notes at any time and at any 
price in the open market or otherwise provided that this is in compliance with applicable 
law. Notes owned by the Issuer may be retained, resold or cancelled at the Issuer’s discre-
tion. 
9 
Information to Noteholders 
9.1 
The Issuer will make the following information available to the Noteholders by way of press 
release and publication on the website of the Issuer: 
(a) 
as soon as the same become available, but in any event within six months after the 
end of each Financial Year, its audited consolidated financial statements for that Fi-
nancial Year; 
(b) 
the Terms and Conditions and the Final Terms for all outstanding Loans admitted to 
trading on a Regulated Market;

--- Page 49 ---
49 (79) 
 
(c) 
as soon as practicable upon becoming aware of an acquisition or disposal of any Note 
by a Group Company, information regarding the aggregate Nominal Amount held by 
Group Companies, and the amount of any Notes cancelled by the Issuer; and 
(d) 
any other information required by the Swedish Securities Markets Act (Sw. lag 
(2007:582) om värdepappersmarknaden) or the Norwegian Securities Trading Act 
(No. lov av 19. juni 2007 nr. 75 om verdipapirhandel), as applicable, and in any event 
the rules and regulations of the Regulated Market on which any Notes are admitted 
to trading. 
9.2 
The Issuer will make and keep these Terms and Conditions, and the applicable Final Terms 
for any outstanding Loan admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, available on its web-
site. 
10 
Undertakings 
10.1 
Status of Medium Term Notes 
10.1.1 
The Issuer shall ensure that at all times its payment obligations pursuant to Notes specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being Medium Term Notes rank in accordance with Clause 
2.2 (Status of the Medium Term Notes). 
10.2 
Negative pledge regarding Market Debt 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds issued under the Loan Terms, the Issuer shall not, 
and shall procure that no Group Company will, maintain, provide, prolong or renew any 
Security (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any guarantees provided by the Issuer in 
respect of Market Debt incurred by another Group Company, which shall always be per-
mitted) over any of its assets (present or future) in respect of any Market Debt incurred by 
the Issuer and/or any other Group Company. This Clause 10.2 shall not apply in respect of 
any covered bonds initially issued by and transferred from Ålandsbanken Abp (Reg. No. 
0145019-3) to the Issuer. 
10.3 
Nature of business 
The Issuer shall procure that no substantial change is made to the general nature of the 
business carried on by the Group taken as a whole from that carried on at the first Issue 
Date. 
10.4 
Admission to trading 
The Issuer undertakes to apply for admission to trading on the relevant Regulated Market 
for Loans, which according to the Final Terms shall be admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market and to take any reasonable measures that may be required to maintain the admis-
sion as long as the relevant Loan is outstanding, however, no longer than what is possible 
pursuant to applicable laws and regulations.

--- Page 50 ---
50 (79) 
 
10.5 
Green Finance Framework 
The Issuer shall by no later than on the first Issue Date of a Green Medium Term Note under 
these Terms and Conditions maintain a Green Finance Framework, which shall thereafter, 
for as long as any Green Medium Term Notes remain outstanding, be published on the 
Issuer’s webpage. The Issuer may elect to issue Notes, the proceeds from which, if so pro-
vided in the Final Terms, shall be applied in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. 
11 
Events of Default and Acceleration of Medium Term Notes 
11.1 
This Clause 11 is applicable only to Loans constituted by Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Medium Term Notes and references to “Notes” and “Loans” shall be 
construed accordingly, and the same applies to any reference to “Noteholder” which shall 
be construed a holder of Medium Term Notes. No Event of Default shall under any circum-
stance be applicable in respect of any Loans constituted by Notes specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being Covered Bonds. 
11.2 
The Administrative Agent shall (i) if requested in writing by a Noteholder (or Noteholders) 
who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth of the Adjusted Loan Amount 
under the relevant Loan (such request may only be made by Noteholders who are regis-
tered in the Debt Register on the next Business Day after the day the request was received 
by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Noteholders who alone represent 
less than ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount, be done together) or (ii) if so 
decided on a Noteholders’ Meeting by the Noteholders under the relevant Loan, by written 
notice to the Issuer declare the relevant Loan due and payable together with any accrued 
but unpaid interest (if any), immediately or at such later date as the Administrative Agent 
or the Noteholders’ Meeting (if applicable) determines, if: 
(a) 
Non-payment 
The Issuer does not pay on the due date any amount payable by it in respect of a 
Loan, unless the non-payment: 
(i) 
is caused by technical or administrative error; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within three (3) Business Days from the due date. 
(b) 
Other obligations 
The Issuer does not comply with any term or condition of the Loan Terms applicable 
to a Loan (other than in respect of paragraph (a) above), unless the non-compliance: 
(i) 
is capable of remedy; and 
(ii) 
is remedied within fifteen (15) Business Days of the Administrative Agent giv-
ing written request of remedy to the Issuer.  
Notwithstanding the above, any failure to comply with the undertaking set out in 
Clause 10.5 (Green Finance Framework), the terms of the Green Finance Framework 
itself and/or in respect of the paragraph titled “Green Medium Term Notes” in the 
Final Terms shall not constitute an Event of Default under any circumstance. 
(c) 
Cross-acceleration 
Any loan or Market Debt of any Group Company is:

--- Page 51 ---
51 (79) 
 
(i) 
not paid when due nor within any originally applicable grace period, or is de-
clared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified ma-
turity as a result of an event of default (however described); or 
(ii) 
any commitment for any loan or Market Debt of any Group Company is can-
celled or suspended by a creditor as a result of an event of default (however 
described), 
provided that no Event of Default will occur if the aggregate amount of the loan or 
Market Debt, or commitment for the same referred to herein, is less than SEK 
50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and provided that it does not 
apply to any indebtedness owed to a Group Company. 
(d) 
Creditor’s process 
Any attachment, sequestration, distress or execution, or any analogous process in 
any jurisdiction, affects any asset of any Group Company having an aggregate value 
equal to or exceeding SEK 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and is 
not discharged within forty-five (45) days or any Security over any asset of any Ma-
terial Group Company is enforced. 
(e) 
Insolvency 
Any Material Group Company, is, or is deemed for the purposes of any applicable 
regulation to be, insolvent, or a moratorium is declared in respect of the loan or 
Market Debt of any Material Group Company. 
(f) 
Insolvency proceedings 
Any corporate action, legal proceedings or other procedure or step other than vexa-
tious or frivolous and as disputed in good faith and discharged within forty-five (45) 
days of commencement is taken in relation to: 
(i) 
the suspension of payments, a moratorium of any indebtedness, winding-up, 
dissolution, administration, company reorganisation (Sw. företagsrekon-
struktion) or bankruptcy (Sw. konkurs) of any Material Group Company, other 
than a solvent liquidation or reorganisation of any Material Group Company 
other than the Issuer; 
(ii) 
a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement with creditors of the 
Issuer or any other Material Group Company generally, other than the Note-
holders; 
(iii) 
the appointment of a liquidator (other than in respect of a solvent liquidation 
of a Material Group Company other than the Issuer), administrator or other 
similar officer in respect of the Issuer or any other Material Group Company 
or any of its assets; or 
any step analogous to paragraphs (i)-(iii) above is taken in any jurisdiction in relation 
to the Issuer or any other Material Group Company. 
(g) 
Merger 
The Issuer or another Material Group Company enters into any amalgamation, mer-
ger, demerger or consolidation with a company outside of the Group and such action 
has a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its payment obligations

--- Page 52 ---
52 (79) 
 
under the relevant Loan(s). Any amalgamation, merger, demerger or consolidation 
with the effect that the Issuer is not the surviving entity shall not be permitted. 
11.3 
The Administrative Agent may not declare the relevant Loan due and payable pursuant to 
Clause 11.2 above by reference to an Event of Default if it has been resolved on a Note-
holder’s Meeting that such Event of Default shall (whether it be temporary or permanently) 
not result in an acceleration of the relevant Loan(s). 
11.4 
The Issuer shall promptly notify the Issuing Dealers and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 17 (Notices) upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. Should the Issuing Dealers 
not have received such notification, the Issuing Dealers are entitled to assume that no such 
event has occurred. Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Issuing Dealers have any ob-
ligation to monitor or verify whether any circumstance or event which may constitute an 
Event of Default is at hand. 
12 
Noteholders’ meeting 
12.1 
The Administrative Agent is entitled to, and shall at the request of the Issuer, any other 
Issuing Dealer or Noteholders who at the time of the request represent at least one-tenth 
of the Adjusted Loan Amount under the relevant Loan (such request may only be made by 
Noteholders who are registered in the Debt Register on the next Business Day after the day 
the request was received by the Administrative Agent and must, if made by several Note-
holders who alone represent less than ten (10) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount, be 
done together), convene a Noteholders’ Meeting for the Noteholders under the relevant 
Loan. 
12.2 
The Administrative Agent shall convene a Noteholders’ Meeting by sending notice in ac-
cordance with Clause 17 (Notices) to each Noteholder and the Issuer, within five (5) Busi-
ness Days from the date when a complete request was received in accordance with Clause 
12.1 (or such later date as necessary for technical or administrative reasons). The Adminis-
trative Agent shall also, without delay, inform each Issuing Dealer and the IPA in writing 
about such notice. 
12.3 
The Administrative Agent may refrain from convening a Noteholders’ Meeting if (i) the pro-
posed resolution must be approved by a person, in addition to the Noteholders, and this 
person has notified the Administrative Agent that such approval will not be given; or (ii) the 
proposed resolution is not compatible with applicable law. 
12.4 
The notice sent by the Administrative Agent in accordance with Clause 12.2 shall contain 
(i) the time and place of the meeting; (ii) an agenda listing the matters to be addressed at 
the meeting (including a detailed summary of each proposed decision); (iii) the day on 
which a person must be Noteholder in order to exercise Noteholders’ rights at the Note-
holders’ Meeting and (iv) a proxy form. A decision may not be made at the meeting in re-
spect of any matter that is not listed in the notice. The notice shall, if Noteholders are re-
quired to announce their intention to participate in the Noteholders’ Meeting, contain in-
formation of such requirement.

--- Page 53 ---
53 (79) 
 
12.5 
The Noteholders’ Meeting shall not be held earlier than 15 Business Days and no later than 
30 Business Days after the notice. Noteholders’ Meetings for several Loans under the Pro-
gramme may be held on the same occasion. 
12.6 
The Administrative Agent may, without deviating from the provisions in these Terms and 
Conditions and as it deems appropriate, stipulate further provisions regarding the conven-
ing and holding of the Noteholders’ Meeting. Such provisions may include provisions ena-
bling Noteholders to vote without attending the meeting in person. 
12.7 
Only a person who is or has been issued a power of attorney in accordance with Clause 13 
(Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder) by someone who is a Noteholder on the Record 
Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting may exercise voting rights at such Noteholders’ Meet-
ing, provided that the relevant Note is covered by the Adjusted Loan Amount. The Admin-
istrative Agent has the right to attend and shall make sure that an extract from the Debt 
Register at the Record Date for the Noteholders’ Meeting is available at, the Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
12.8 
The Noteholders and the Administrative Agent, and their respective counsel or represent-
atives, are entitled to attend a Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting may re-
solve that other persons may attend. Representatives shall submit a power of attorney to 
be approved by the chairman of the Noteholders’ Meeting. The Noteholders’ Meeting shall 
commence with the appointment of a chairman, recording clerk and attestor(s). The chair-
man shall prepare a list of Noteholders that are present with the right to vote at the meet-
ing, with information on the proportion of the Adjusted Loan amount that is held by each 
respective Noteholder (the “Voting Register”). The Voting Register shall thereafter be ap-
proved by the Noteholders’ Meeting. When applying these provisions Noteholders who 
have cast their vote via electronic voting, ballot paper or equivalent shall be deemed pre-
sent at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Only those who, on the Record Date of the Noteholders’ 
Meeting, were Noteholders, or representatives for such Noteholders, and who are covered 
by the Adjusted Loan Amount, are entitled to vote and shall be included in the Voting Reg-
ister. The Issuer shall be granted access to relevant voting calculations and the basis for 
these. The minutes shall be completed as soon as possible and be made available to Note-
holders, the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
12.9 
Decisions on the following matters require the approval of Noteholders representing at 
least ninety (90) per cent of the part of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which Noteholders 
vote under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting: 
(a) 
changing of the Maturity Date (but not the Extended Maturity Date), reduction of 
the Nominal Amount, changing of terms relating to interest or the amount that is to 
be repaid (other than in accordance with the Loan Terms, including what follows 
from the application of section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate)) and changing of the 
relevant Currency for the Loan; 
(b) 
mending the provisions for the Noteholders’ Meeting in this Clause 12; 
(c) 
mandatory exchange of Notes into another security; 
(d) 
substitution of debtor; and 
(e) 
changing the status and/or ranking of the Notes.

--- Page 54 ---
54 (79) 
 
12.10 
Matters which are not covered by Clause 12.9 requires the approval of Noteholders repre-
senting more than fifty (50) per cent of the portion of the Adjusted Loan Amount for which 
Noteholders vote under the relevant Loan at the Noteholders’ Meeting. This includes, but 
is not limited to, amendments and waivers of rights with relation to the Loan Terms which 
do not require a greater majority (other than change) in accordance with Clause 15 
(Amendment of Loan Terms, Framework Amount etc.). 
12.11 
Quorum at a Noteholders’ Meeting requires the presence of Noteholders, in person or via 
telephone (or by a representative with a power of attorney), representing at least fifty (50) 
per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount for matters listed in Clause 12.9 and for any other 
matter twenty (20) per cent of the Adjusted Loan Amount. 
12.12 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has not met the necessary quorum requirements, the Admin-
istrative Agent shall convene a new Noteholders’ Meeting (in accordance with Clause 12.2) 
provided that the relevant proposal has not been withdrawn by the initiator of the Note-
holders’ Meeting. The quorum requirement in Clause 12.11 is not applicable for such new 
Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.13 
If the Noteholders’ Meeting has met the quorum requirement for certain, but not all, mat-
ters which are to be resolved on in the meeting, decisions shall be made on those matters 
for which a quorum is present, and any other matter is to be referred to a new Noteholders’ 
Meeting. 
12.14 
A decision at a Noteholders’ Meeting which extends new obligations to or limits the rights 
of the Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Dealers or the Issuing Dealer under the Terms 
and Conditions requires the approval of the relevant party. 
12.15 
Noteholder which holds more than one Note does not need to vote for all or vote in the 
same way for all Notes held. 
12.16 
The Issuer may not, directly or indirectly, pay or contribute to the payment of any compen-
sation to any Noteholder for its approval under the Loan Terms unless such compensation 
is offered to all Noteholders at the relevant Noteholders’ Meeting. 
12.17 
A decision made at a Noteholders’ Meeting shall be binding on all Noteholders under the 
relevant Loan, whether or not they were present at the Noteholders’ Meeting. Noteholders 
that did not vote in favour of a decision shall not be held liable for any damage that the 
decision may cause another Noteholder. 
12.18 
The Issuer shall reimburse the Administrative Agent for costs incurred by it in connection 
with the Noteholders’ Meeting including reasonable compensation for the Administrative 
Agent. 
12.19 
The Issuer shall, without delay, at the request of the Administrative Agent, provide the Ad-
ministrative Agent with a certificate which states the Nominal Amount for each Note which 
is owned by Group Companies on the relevant Record Date before a Noteholders’ Meeting, 
regardless if such Group Company is directly registered as owner of such Notes. The Ad-
ministrative Agent shall not be held responsible for the contents of such certificate or oth-
erwise be responsible for determining if a Note is owned by a Group Company.

--- Page 55 ---
55 (79) 
 
12.20 
Noteholders under the relevant Loan shall, without delay, be notified of decisions made at 
a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 17 (Notices). The Administrative Agent 
shall, on the request of a Noteholder or a Dealer, provide them with the minutes from the 
relevant Noteholders’ meeting. Failure to notify the Noteholders as stated above in this 
Clause 12.20 does not affect the validity of the decision. 
13 
Right to act on behalf of a Noteholder 
 
13.1 
If any person other than a Noteholder wishes to exercise the Noteholder’s rights under the 
Loan Terms or vote at a Noteholders’ Meeting, that person must present the Administrative 
Agent with a power of attorney or other proof of authorisation from the Noteholder or a 
successive, coherent chain of powers of attorney or proofs of authorisation starting with 
the Noteholder. 
13.2 
A Noteholder may issue one or several powers of attorney to third parties to represent it 
in relation to some, or all, of the Notes held by the Noteholder. Any such representative 
may act independently and may further delegate its right to represent the Noteholder. 
14 
Replacement of Base Rate 
14.1 
If a Base Rate Event as described in Clause 14.2 below has occurred, the Issuer shall, in 
consultation with the Arranger, initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, 
determine a Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread, as well as initiate the procedure to 
determine upon necessary administrative, technical and operative amendments to the 
Loan Terms in order to apply, calculate and finally decide the applicable Base Rate. The 
Arranger is not obligated to participate in such consultation or determination as described 
above. Should the Arranger not participate in such consultation or determination, the Is-
suer shall, at the Issuer’s expense, as soon as possible appoint an Independent Adviser to 
initiate the procedure to, as soon as reasonably possible, determine upon the mentioned. 
Provided that the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments 
have been finally decided no later than prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date 
in relation to the next succeeding Interest Period, they shall become effective with effect 
from and including the commencement of the next succeeding Interest Period, always sub-
ject to any technical limitations of the relevant CSD and any calculations methods applica-
ble to such Successor Base Rate. 
14.2 
A base rate event is an event where one or more of the following events occur (”Base Rate 
Event”) which means:  
(a) 
the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) has ceased to 
exist or ceased to be published for at least five (5) consecutive Business Days as a 
result of the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan) ceasing 
to be calculated or administered;  
(b) 
a public statement or publication of information by (i) the supervisor of the Base 
Rate Administrator or (ii) the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate Adminis-
trator ceases to provide the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of 
the relevant Loan) permanently or indefinitely and, at the time of the statement or

--- Page 56 ---
56 (79) 
 
publication, no successor administrator has been appointed or is expected to be ap-
pointed to continue to provide the Base Rate; 
(c) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of 
the Base Rate Administrator that the Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of 
the relevant Loan) is no longer representative of the underlying market which the 
Base Rate is intended to represent and the representativeness of the Base Rate will 
not be restored in the opinion of the supervisor of the Base Rate Administrator; 
(d) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the supervisor of 
the Base Rate Administrator with the consequence that it is unlawful for the Issuer 
or the Administrative Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Note-
holder using the applicable Base Rate (for the relevant Interest Period of the relevant 
Loan) or it has otherwise become prohibited to use the applicable Base Rate (for the 
relevant Interest Period of the relevant Loan); 
(e) 
a public statement or publication of information in each case by the bankruptcy trus-
tee of the Base Rate Administrator or by the trustee under the bank recovery and 
resolution framework (Sw. krishanteringsregelverket), or in respect of NIBOR, from 
the equivalent entity with insolvency or resolution powers over the Base Rate Ad-
ministrator, containing the information referred to in (b) above; or 
(f) 
a Base Rate Event Announcement has been made and the announced Base Rate 
Event as set out in (b) to (e) above will occur within six (6) months. 
14.3 
Upon a Base Rate Event Announcement , the Issuer may (but is not obligated to), if it is 
possible at such time to determine the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and other 
amendments, in consultation with the Arranger or through the appointment of an Inde-
pendent Adviser, initiate the procedure as described in Clause 14.1 above to finally decide 
the Successor Base Rate, the Adjustment Spread and other amendments, in order to 
change to the Successor Base Rate at an earlier time. 
14.4 
If a Base Rate Event set out in any of the paragraphs (a) to (e) of the Base Rate Event defi-
nition has occurred but no Successor Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally 
decided at the latest prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date or if such Successor 
Base Rate and Adjustment Spread have been finally decided but due to technical limitations 
of the relevant CSD, cannot be applied in relation to the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, the interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be: 
(a) 
if the previous Base Rate is available, determined pursuant to the terms that would 
apply to the determination of the Base Rate as if no Base Rate Event had occurred; 
or 
(b) 
if the previous Base Rate is no longer available or cannot be used in accordance with 
applicable law or regulation, equal to the interest determined for the immediately 
preceding Interest Period. 
The provisions set out in this clause are applicable on subsequent Interest Periods, provided 
that all relevant measures have been carried out regarding the application of and the ad-
justments described in this section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate) prior to every such sub-
sequent Interest Determination Date, but without success.

--- Page 57 ---
57 (79) 
 
14.5 
Prior to the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any other amendments becoming 
effective, the Issuer shall promptly, following the final decision by the Issuer in consultation 
with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser of any Successor Base Rate, Adjustment 
Spread and any other amendments, give notice thereof to the Noteholders, the Adminis-
trative Agent and the relevant CSD in accordance with section 17 (Notices). The notice shall 
also include information about the effective date of the amendments. If the Medium Term 
Notes or Covered Bonds (as applicable) are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market, the 
Issuer shall also give notice of the amendments to the relevant stock exchange. 
14.6 
The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent that carries out 
measures in accordance with this section 14 shall not be liable whatsoever for any damage 
or loss caused by any determination, action taken or omitted by it in conjunction with the 
determination and final decision of the Successor Base Rate, Adjustment Spread and any 
amendments thereto to the Loan Terms, unless directly caused by its gross negligence or 
wilful misconduct. The Arranger, the Independent Adviser and the Administrative Agent 
shall never be responsible for indirect or consequential loss. 
14.7 
In this section 14 the following definitions have the meaning described below: 
”Adjustment Spread” means a spread or a formula or methodology for calculating a spread 
to be applied to a Successor Base Rate and that is: 
(i) 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body in relation to the replace-
ment of the Base Rate; or 
(ii) 
if (i) is not applicable, the adjustment spread that the Issuer in consultation with the 
Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is reasonable to use in order to 
eliminate, to the extent possible, any transfer of economic value from one party to 
another as a result of a replacement of the Base Rate and is customarily applied in 
comparable debt capital market transactions. 
”Base Rate Administrator” means Swedish Financial Benchmark Facility AB (SFBF) in rela-
tion to STIBOR and Norske Finansielle Referanser AS (NoRe) in relation to NIBOR or any 
person replacing it as administrator of the Base Rate. 
”Base Rate Event Announcement” means a public statement or published information as 
set out in paragraph 14.2 (b) to 14.2 (e) that any event or circumstance specified therein 
will occur. 
”Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution or adviser of repute in 
the debt capital markets where the Base Rate is commonly used. 
”Relevant Nominating Body” means, subject to applicable law, firstly any relevant super-
visory authority, secondly any applicable central bank, or any working group or committee 
of any of them, or thirdly the Financial Stability Council (Finansiella stabilitetsrådet) or Fi-
nancial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
”Successor Base Rate” means:  
(i) 
a screen or benchmark rate, including the methodology for calculating term structure 
and calculation methods in respect of debt instruments with similar interest rate 
terms as Medium Term Notes or Covered Bonds (as applicable), which is formally

--- Page 58 ---
58 (79) 
 
recommended as a successor to or replacement of the Base Rate by a Relevant Nom-
inating Body; or 
(ii) 
if there is no such rate as described in paragraph (i), such other rate as the Issuer in 
consultation with the Arranger or the Independent Adviser determines is most com-
parable to the Base Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in the event that a Successor Base Rate ceases to exist, this 
definition shall apply mutatis mutandis to such new Successor Base Rate. 
15 
Amendment of Loan Terms, Framework Amount etc. 
15.1 
The Issuer and the Issuing Dealer(s) are entitled to agree upon: 
(a) 
adjustment of clear and obvious errors in the Loan Terms; and 
(b) 
changes and amendments to the Loan Terms as required by law, court order or offi-
cial decision. 
15.2 
The Issuer and the Dealers may agree to increase or decrease the Framework Amount. 
15.3 
The Issuer and the Arranger or the Independent Adviser may, without the approval of the 
Noteholders, agree on and execute amendments to the Loan Terms in accordance with 
what is described in section 14 (Replacement of Base Rate) and such amendments will be 
binding on those covered by the Loan Terms. 
15.4 
Appointment of a new Dealer may be made through an agreement between the Issuer, the 
relevant dealer and the Dealers. A Dealer may retire as a Dealer, however, the Administra-
tive Agent under a particular Loan may only retire as such if a new Administrative Agent is 
simultaneously appointed in its place. 
15.5 
The Issuer may, if resolved up on at a Noteholders’ Meeting in accordance with Clause 12 
(Noteholders’ meeting), make amendments to the Loan Terms in instances other than 
those set out in Clause 15.1 to Clause 15.4. 
15.6 
A decision made on a Noteholders’ Meeting to amend or waive any Loan Term may include 
only the substance of the amendment and need not contain the specific form of the amend-
ment. 
15.7 
A decision regarding an amendment to the Loan Terms shall also contain a decision regard-
ing when the amendment shall enter into force and if relevant, any conditions for the 
amendment to enter into force. No decision shall enter into force before it has been duly 
registered with the CSD and published on the Issuer’s website. 
15.8 
Information regarding a decision to amend or waive any terms and conditions of a Loan in 
accordance with this Clause13, shall be submitted to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Clause 17 (Notices). The decision shall also be published on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 59 ---
59 (79) 
 
16 
Time barring of claims 
16.1 
The right to receive repayment of principal shall be subject to time bar and become void 
ten years from the Maturity Date (or if applicable, the relevant Extended Maturity Date). 
The right to receive payment of interest shall be subject to time bar and become void three 
years from the relevant Interest Payment Date. The Issuer is entitled to any funds set aside 
for payments in respect of claims which have become void due to time bar. 
16.2 
If a period of limitation is duly interrupted (Sw. preskriptionsavbrott) in accordance with 
the Limitations Art, a new limitation period of ten years with respect to the right to receive 
repayment of the principal, and of three years with respect to the right to receive payment 
of interest will commence, in both cases calculated from the date of interruption of the 
limitation period, as such date is determined pursuant to the provisions of the Limitations 
Act. 
17 
Notices 
17.1 
Any notice or other communication to be made under or in connection with the Loan 
Terms: 
(a) 
if to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Dealer or the Dealers (except for Nordea 
Bank Abp) shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies Reg-
istration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket) on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by 
email by the Issuer, to the email address notified by the recipient to the Issuer from 
time to time; 
(b) 
if to Nordea Bank Abp, notice shall be given to the address registered in the Swedish 
Companies Registration Office for Nordea Bank Abp, filial in Sverige, to the attention 
of Debt Capital Markets, on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by 
the Issuer, to the email address notified by the recipient to the Issuer from time to 
time; 
(c) 
if to the Issuer, shall be given at the address registered with the Swedish Companies 
Registration Office on the Business Day prior to dispatch or, if sent by email by the 
Administrative Agent, to the email address notified by the Issuer to the Administra-
tive Agent from time to time; and 
(d) 
if to the Noteholders shall be given at their addresses as registered with the relevant 
CSD, on the Record Date prior to dispatch, and by either courier delivery (if practica-
bly possible) or letter to all Noteholders. A notice to the Noteholders shall also be 
published on the website of the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
17.2 
Any notice or other communication made by one person to another under or in connection 
with the Loan Terms shall be sent by way of courier, personal delivery or letter, or, if be-
tween the Issuer and the Administrative Agent, by email, and will only be effective, in case 
of courier or personal delivery, when it has been left at the address specified in Clause 17.1 
in case of letter, three Business Days after being deposited postage prepaid in an envelope 
addressed to the address specified in Clause 17.1 or, in case of email, when received in 
readable form by the email recipient. Any notice sent to the Noteholders shall also be dis-
closed by way of a press release and be made available on the Issuer’s website.

--- Page 60 ---
60 (79) 
 
17.3 
Failure to send a notice or other communication to a Noteholder or any defect in it shall 
not affect its sufficiency with respect to other Noteholders. 
18 
Force majeure and limitation of liability 
18.1 
With regards to the obligations imposed on the Dealers and the IPA, respectively, the Deal-
ers and the IPA, as applicable, shall not be held liable for any losses arising out of any Swe-
dish or foreign legal enactment, or any measure undertaken by a Swedish or foreign public 
authority, or war, strike, blockade, boycott, lockout or any other similar circumstance. The 
reservation in respect of strikes, blockades, boycotts and lockouts applies even if the party 
concerned itself takes such measures or is subject to such measures. 
18.2 
Losses arising in other cases shall not be compensated by a Dealer or the IPA if the relevant 
entity has exercised due care. In no case shall compensation be paid for indirect losses. 
18.3 
Should a Dealer or the IPA not be able to fulfil its obligations under these Terms and Con-
ditions due to any circumstance set out in Clause 18.1, such action may be postponed until 
the obstacle has been removed. 
18.4 
The aforesaid shall apply unless otherwise provided in the Swedish Financial Instruments 
Accounts Act or the Norwegian CSD Act, as applicable. 
19 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
19.1 
The Loan Terms, any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection herewith, 
shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Sweden, save for the 
registration of VPS Notes in VPS which will be governed by, and construed in accordance 
with, Norwegian law. 
19.2 
Disputes shall be settled in the courts of Sweden. The Stockholm District Court (Sw. Stock-
holms tingsrätt) shall be court of first instance. 
_________________________________ 
It is hereby confirmed that the above Terms and Conditions are binding on us. 
Stockholm, 24 January 2023 
BORGO AB (publ)

--- Page 61 ---
61 (79) 
 
Appendix 1 
Form of Final Terms 
Final Terms 
Loan no. [●] 
under the Swedish Medium Term Notes and Covered Bonds Programme 
of 
Borgo AB (publ) (LEI 54930030QWENGUD8ZR59) (the “Issuer”) 
The Terms and Conditions dated [24 January 2022]/[24 January 2023] of the aforementioned Pro-
gramme shall apply to this Loan, along with the Final Terms set out below. 
The Terms and Conditions for the Programme are set out in the Issuer’s base prospectus dated 24 
January 2023, together with any supplementary prospectus published from time to time (the “Base 
Prospectus”). Capitalised terms used below shall have the meaning given to them in the Terms and 
Conditions, or as otherwise set out in the Base Prospectus. 
This document constitutes the Final Terms for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (along with 
relevant implementing measures under this Regulation in each Member State and in its current word-
ing, referred to as the “Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Pro-
spectus and any supplement thereto in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospec-
tus including any supplements thereto and any documents incorporated therein by reference are 
made available at the Issuer’s website www.borgohypotek.se. 
[These Final Terms replace the Final Terms dated [●] whereby the Loan Amount is increased from [●] 
[SEK/NOK] to [SEK/NOK]]. 
 
General 
1. 
Type of Note: 
[Medium Term Note]/[Covered Bond] 
2. 
Loan number 
[●] 
(i) 
Tranche name 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount  
(i) 
for the Loan: 
[SEK]/[NOK][●] 
(ii) 
for tranche [●] 
[SEK]/[NOK][●] 
(iii) 
for previous tranch(es) 
[SEK]/[NOK][●] 
4. 
Currency: 
[SEK]/[NOK]

--- Page 62 ---
62 (79) 
 
5. 
Nominal Amount per Note (denomina-
tion): 
[SEK]/[NOK] [●] (the SEK or NOK equivalent of mini-
mum EUR 100,000) 
6. 
Minimum subscription amount: 
7. 
Price per Note: 
[●]% of the Nominal Amount [plus accrued interest 
from and including [●] if applicable] 
8. 
Number of book-entry Notes: 
[●] 
9. 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
10. 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[●] 
11. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
Extended Maturity: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (this only applies in re-
spect of Covered Bonds) 
Extended Maturity Date: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (this only applies in re-
spect of Covered Bonds) 
[insert date] 
12. 
Amount by which Note is to be repaid 
at the Maturity Date: 
[Nominal Amount]/ [Specify other amount] 
13. 
Basis for calculation of interest: 
[Fixed Interest Rate] 
[Floating Interest Rate (FRN)] 
14. 
Amount as basis for calculation of in-
terest: 
[Nominal Amount]/[●] 
15. 
Cover Pool: 
The Issuer’s Swedish cover pool  
Interest 
16. 
Fixed Interest Rate: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings
under this heading) 
(i) 
Interest Rate: 
[●]% annual interest calculated on [Nominal 
Amount]/[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Period: 
[SEK: Period from [●] to and including the [●] (the
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[NOK: Period from and including [●] to the [●] (the
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[Annually]/[Semi-Annually]/[Quarterly] the [●], the 
first time the[●] and the last time the [●]. 
(The above is adjusted in the event of a shortened or 
extended Interest Period)

--- Page 63 ---
63 (79) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Convention: 
[30/360]/[other] 
17. 
Floating Interest Rate (FRN) 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete the remaining subheadings
under this heading) 
(i) 
Base Rate: 
[●] months [STIBOR]/[NIBOR] 
[The interest Basis for the first coupon will be a linear 
interpolation between [●] months 
[STIBOR]/[NIBOR] and [●] months 
[STIBOR]/[NIBOR].] 
(ii) 
Margin: 
[+]/[-][●]% annual interest calculated on the [Nomi-
nal Amount]/[●] 
(iii) 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Two (2)] Business Days prior to each Interest Period,
first time [●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period: 
[SEK: Period from [●] to and including the [●] (the
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
[NOK: Period from and including [●] to the [●] (the
First Interest Period) and thereafter each period of 
about [●] months with the final day on an Interest 
Payment Date.] 
(v) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
The last day of each Interest Period, [●],[●],[●] and
[●], the first time on [●] and the last time on [●] 
(vi) 
Day Count Convention: 
[Actual/360]/[other] 
Other 
18. 
Green Medium Term Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] (this applies in respect
of the Medium Term Notes) 
[Green Finance Framework dated [●] applies for this 
Loan]. 
(i) 
Risk factors: 
[As per the risk factor titled [“Risks related to Green
Medium Term Notes”] in the Base Prospectus.] / [Not
applicable] 
19. 
Admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete remaining subheadings un-
der this heading) 
(i) 
Regulated Market: 
[Nasdaq Stockholm]/[Oslo Børs]/[Specify other rele-
vant Regulated Market] 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses in 
connection with admission to 
trading: 
[●]

--- Page 64 ---
64 (79) 
 
(iii) 
Total number of Notes admitted 
to trading: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Earliest date of admission to 
trading: 
[●] 
20. 
CSD: 
[Euroclear Sweden] / [VPS] 
21. 
Interests: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
(Natural persons involved in the Issue and which may
be relevant to individual Loans, shall be described) 
22. 
Following specific risk factors de-
scribed in the Base Prospectus apply: 
[Risks related to Medium Term Notes]/[Risks related 
to Covered Bonds] 
(Specify relevant interest rate risk for the applicable
interest rate pursuant to above) 
23. 
Credit rating for Loan (on the Issue 
Date): 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
24. 
Resolution as basis for the issue: 
[Specify]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Third party information: 
[Information in these Final Terms that comes from a 
third party has been accurately reproduced and so
far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
a comparison with other information that has been 
published by the relevant third party, no facts have 
been omitted in a way that would render the repro-
duced information inaccurate or misleading/[Not 
Applicable] 
26. 
Issuing Dealer: 
(i) 
for tranche [●] 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial]/[Swedbank AB (publ)] 
(ii) 
for previous tranch(es):] 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial]/[Swedbank AB (publ)] 
27. 
Administrative Agent: 
[Nordea Bank Abp]/[Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken 
AB (publ)]/[Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige 
Filial]/[Swedbank AB (publ)] 
28. 
ISIN: 
SE[●] 
29. 
Use of proceeds: 
[General financing of the Issuer’s and the Group’s 
business activities] / [To be used in accordance with 
the Issuer’s Green Finance Framework] / [Specify de-
tails] 
30. 
The estimated net amount of the pro-
ceeds: 
[SEK/NOK] [●] less customary transaction costs and 
fees.

--- Page 65 ---
65 (79) 
 
The Issuer confirms that the above supplementary terms and conditions are applicable to the relevant 
Loan together with the Terms and Conditions and undertakes accordingly to pay principal and interest. 
The Issuer also confirms that it has disclosed all material events after the date of this Programme re-
garding the Base Prospectus that could affect the market’s perception of the Issuer. 
Stockholm [Date] 
 
BORGO AB (publ) 
 
_______________________________________

--- Page 66 ---
66 (79) 
 
6 
The Issuer and its Operations 
6.1 
General information 
The Issuer is a public limited liability company, incorporated in Sweden and registered with 
the Swedish Companies Registration Office (Sw. Bolagsverket), with its registered office in 
Stockholm, Sweden. The Issuer was incorporated on 15 March 2018 under the laws of Swe-
den with corporate registration number 559153-2303. Its LEI number is 54930030QWEN-
GUD8ZR59. Its registered address and phone number is as follows: 
Borgo AB (publ) 
Linnégatan 87 D  
Box 24088  
SE-104 50 Stockholm 
Tel. +46 (0)10-525 25 00 
The Issuer’s website is www.borgohypotek.se. The information on the website does not 
form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into 
the Base Prospectus. Any supplements to the Base Prospectus on the website are also part 
of the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer operates under Swedish law and is regulated by the Swedish Companies Act (Sw. 
aktiebolagslagen (2005:551)). The Issuer undertakes financing operations as a credit mar-
ket company and is governed by the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act (Sw. lag 
(2004:297) om bank- och finansieringsrörelse) and the Covered Bond Act and is under su-
pervision of the SFSA. In addition, the Issuer also complies with, inter alia, the Swedish Su-
pervision of Credit and Investment Institutions Act (Sw. Lag (2014:968) om särskild tillsyn 
över kreditinstitut och värdepappersbolag) and Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (CRR). 
As of 30 September 2023, the Issuer had total assets of SEK 37,150 million, total equity of 
SEK 2,176 million and net operating profit of SEK 162 million (l January — 30 September 
2023).  
As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had total assets of SEK 18,334 million, total equity of 
SEK 1,151 million and net operating profit of SEK 141 million (l January — 31 December 
2022). 
As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer had total assets of SEK 2,291 million, total equity of SEK 
257 million and net operating profit of SEK -57 million (l January — 31 December 2021).  
As of 30 September 2023, the Issuer had 33 employees (based on hours worked, recalcu-
lated to full-time equivalent positions). As of 31 December 2022, the Issuer had 26 employ-
ees. The same number for 2021 was 17 employees. 
For further information on the Issuer’s financial position, please refer to the Issuer’s Finan-
cial Statements incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 67 ---
67 (79) 
 
6.2 
Strategy 
The Issuer’s strategy is to conduct its business as a credit market company specializing in 
mortgage loans and financing of such loans by issuing securities such as Covered Bonds and 
by receiving deposits from the public. The majority of the mortgages will be mediated 
through its Distributors (as defined below). At the date of this Base Prospectus the distrib-
utors are the Issuer’s owners, i.e. ICA Banken AB, corporate registration number 516401-
0190 (“ICA Banken”), Ikano Bank AB (publ), corporate registration number 516406-0922 
(“Ikano Bank”), Söderberg & Partners Bolån AB (which is a partly owned subsidiary of 
Söderberg & Partners Holding AB, corporate registration number 559193-0788 (“Söder-
berg & Partners”), which is one of the Issuer’s direct owners), Sparbanken Syd, corporate 
registration number 548000-7425 (“Sparbanken Syd”) and Ålandsbanken Abp, business 
identity code 0145019-3 (“Ålandsbanken”, together with the other owners mentioned 
above, the “Distributors”). The credit intermediation and the work that each Distributor 
performs in connection with the distribution of mortgages and during the term of each 
mortgage is regulated in separate agreements between the Issuer and each respective Dis-
tributor. 
In order to achieve profitability, the Issuer strives to achieve low financing costs. The goal 
is that responsible lending and good credit quality ensures that the Issuer can maintain the 
highest possible rating of the Issuer’s Covered Bonds and an attractive pricing. By estab-
lishing itself as a regular issuer in the Swedish market for Covered Bonds, the Issuer will be 
able to offer its customers competitive terms. 
The Issuer has entered into interest rate swap transactions governed by ISDA Master Agree-
ment and may enter into additional interest rate swap transactions with third party coun-
terparties, in respect of the assets registered in the Cover Pool, in order to manage such 
risks. In addition, the Issuer has entered into, and may enter into additional, interest rate 
swap transactions which are of a similar nature but not relating to the Cover Pool. 
6.3 
Business activities 
The Issuer was founded in 2018 with the purpose of originating mortgage loans and admin-
istering already originated mortgage loans on the Swedish market. On 11 March 2021, the 
Issuer was granted a license by the SFSA to conduct financing operations in accordance 
with the Swedish Banking and Financing Business Act and to issue covered bonds in accord-
ance with the Covered Bond Act. 
In September 2019, the Issuer entered into an agreement with ICA Banken, Ikano Bank, 
Söderberg & Partners and Ålandsbanken with the aim of creating a joint mortgage company 
through the Issuer. The transaction meant that the previous owner of the shares in the 
Issuer, Caserne AB (previously Borgo Holding AB), corporate registration number 559130-
3945 (“Caserne”), sold all its shares in the Issuer to ICA Banken, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & 
Partners and Ålandsbanken, which, via IISÅ Holdco AB, corporate registration number 
559217-9203, became indirect owners in the Issuer. Following certain transactions involv-
ing the direct and indirect owners of the Issuer, including a new issue of shares (Sw. nyemis-
sion) completed on 18 October 2021, each of ICA Banken, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & Partners 
and Ålandsbanken are, on the date of this Base Prospectus, direct owners of shares in the 
Issuer and Sparbanken Syd together with financial investors became owners in February 
2022 as a result of transactions related to the acquisition of the mortgage portfolio from

--- Page 68 ---
68 (79) 
 
Ålandsbanken (refer to section “Organisational structure” for information about the acqui-
sition and “Share capital, shares and ownership structure” for information about the cur-
rent ownership structure). As a result of the transactions, the Issuer conducts its lending 
operation mainly through its owners as intermediaries. The Issuer also receives deposits 
from the public. 
The Issuer’s operations will be capitalized by its owners and financed through deposits from 
the public and the issuance of Covered Bonds and other supplementary financing. As of 30 
September 2023, the Issuer’s interest-bearing liabilities amounted to approximately SEK 
34,663 million. 
The Issuer offers deposit accounts to selected private and corporate customers and to the 
general public via a web-based application on its website. The Issuer will continuously mon-
itor volume needs, success in each channel and pricing to ensure there are sufficient de-
posits to cover the company’s needs. In addition, the Issuer has several distribution part-
nerships in place. One such partnership is with Odevo AB (“Odevo”), which owns SBC Sve-
riges BostadsrättsCentrum AB (“SBC”) and Nabo Group AB (“Nabo”). Both SBC and Nabo 
are managers of finances for cooperative housing associations (Sw. bostadsrättsföreningar) 
and the partnership enables SBC and Nabo to offer its clients the savings account product 
of the Issuer. Additional distribution partnerships were launched during the second quarter 
of 2023, notably with Avanza Bank AB (“Avanza”) as part of the “Sparkonto+”-offering and 
Lysa AB (“Lysa”), a savings platform. Avanza in particular provides access to approximately 
SEK 100 billion of customer deposits that currently exists on the platform, and thus makes 
up an important additional source of deposit funding for the Issuer in the coming years. 
6.4 
Organisational structure 
The Issuer was initially a subsidiary of Caserne. On September 19, 2019, Ålandsbanken to-
gether with ICA Banken, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & Partners and the Issuer signed an agree-
ment to establish a joint mortgage company on the Swedish market whereby IISÅ Holdco 
AB became direct owner of the Issuer and Ålandsbanken, ICA Banken, Ikano Bank and 
Söderberg & Partners, being direct owners of IISÅ Holdco AB, became indirect owners of 
the Issuer. As further described in section “Business activities” the Issuer acquired Ålands-
banken’s Swedish mortgage portfolio on 14 February 2022 and introduced a new partner, 
Sparbanken Syd, as well as financial investors in the ownership structure, who together 
with Ålandsbanken, ICA Banken, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & Partners are direct owners of 
shares in the Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus (refer to “Share capital, shares 
and ownership structure” for information about the current ownership structure). Amongst 
the financial investors are Persson Invest, Proventus, Real Alliance Invest and Neptunia In-
vest. 
6.5 
Share capital, shares and ownership structure 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Issuer was SEK 869,473,550. 
The number of ordinary shares was 17,389,471 (representing 17,389,471 votes). Each or-
dinary share will represent one vote at the shareholders’ meetings.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are five main shareholders in the Issuer, ICA 
Banken, Ikano Bank, Söderberg & Partners, Ålandsbanken and Sparbanken Syd, and a group

--- Page 69 ---
69 (79) 
 
of ten financial investors in the Issuer. Each of the shareholders, owns the percentage of 
the shares in the Issuer as set out below. The shareholders’ influence is exercised, to the 
extent voting rights held, through active participation in the decision-making process, in 
the forum of the general meeting of the Issuer’s shareholders. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no subsidiaries.  
 
6.6 
Board of Directors, Executive Team and Auditor 
6.6.1 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of the Issuer (the “Board of Directors of the Issuer”) has the overall 
responsibility for the activities of the Issuer and decides on the nature of its business and 
its business strategies and goals. 
The Chief Executive Officer supervises the business operations of the Issuer in accordance 
with the instructions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and is responsible for the day-
to-day administration of the Issuer. 
The members of the Board of Directors are annually elected at the annual general meeting 
for a one-year term ending at close of the next annual general meeting. 
The Board of Directors consists of ten directors which are presented below.  
EVA CEDERBALK – Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, BSc in Business and 
Economics, Stockholm School of Economics, born 1952 
Background 
Arion Banki hf, Chairman of the Board (2017-2019); National Bank of Greece Group, mem-
ber of the Board of Directors (2016-2019); Klarna Holding AB and Klarna AB, Chairman of 
the Board of Directors (2011-2016); Klarna Holding AB and Klarna AB, member of the Board 
of Directors (2009-2011); SBAB Bank AB (publ), Managing Director (2004-2011); Netgiro 
International AB, Managing Director (2002-2003); If Skadeförsäkring AB, Executive Vice 
President and Head of Corporate E-commerce (2000-2001); Dial Försäkring, Managing Di-
rector (1998-2000); Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken, different senior executive positions 
(1975-1998). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Gimi AB, member of the Board of Directors (2021 -); Econans AB, Chairman of the Board of 
Directors (2020 -); Ikano S.A., member of the Board of Directors (2012 -); Plusius AB, mem-
ber of the Board of Directors (2022 -). 
Borgo AB (publ)
559153-2303
Ikano Bank AB (publ)
516406-0922
23.7%
Sparbanken Syd
548000-7425
4.1%
ICA Banken AB
516401-0190
19.9%
Söderberg & Partners 
Holding AB
559193-0788
13.2%
Ålandsbanken Abp
0145019-3
9.8%
Financial
Investors
29.3%

--- Page 70 ---
70 (79) 
 
PER BALAZSI, MSc in Economics, Finance and Accounting, Lund University, Executive MBA 
Stockholm School of Economics, born 1966. 
Background 
ICA Banken, CFO (2012 -); SBAB Bank, CRO (2011-2012); SBAB Bank, Ekonomichef (2002-
2011); Finansdepartementet, Kansliråd (1994-2002). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Inanlv AB, member of the Board of Directors (2019 -) and Vitruvius AB, member of the 
Board of Directors (2016-). 
JOHAN BRODIN, MSc in Economics and Finance, Örebro University, born 1968 
Background 
Intrum, Chief Risk Officer (2023-); Intrum, Chief Technology Officer (2019-2023); Intrum, 
Chief Risk Officer (2011-2020); SBAB, CRO (2009-2011); SBAB, Head of Risk Control (2005-
2009); Oliver Wyman, Senior Manager (2003-2005); KPMG, Head of Department and Senior 
Manager (2000-2003).  
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
N/A 
JAN-GUNNAR EURELL, Master of Business Administration, University of Rhode Island, 
Bachelor of Science (Economics), Stockholm School of Economics, born 1959 
Background 
Ålandsbanken, CFO and deputy Managing Director (2011 -); Swedbank, Group Chief Finan-
cial Controller (2001-2006), Head of Group Finance (2006-2011); SEB, Chief Financial Con-
troller for Retail Division (1984-2001). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Pingst Förvaltning AB, member of the Board of Directors (2017-) and Plusius AB, member 
of the Board of Directors (2023-). 
JULIA LANNERHEIM, Master of Laws University of Stockholm, born 1978 
Background 
Riverty, Divisional Risk & Compliance Officer (2017 -); Bambora Group AB, Head of Group 
Credit, Risk & Legal (2014-2017); Euroline AB, Head of Group Credit, Risk & Legal (2014); 
SEB Kort Bank AB, Senior Legal Consel (2011-2014); Advokatfirman Vinge KB, Associ-
ate/Senior Associate (2006-2011); Norrtälje District Court, Junior Judge (2004-2006). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Riverty Sweden Group AB, Chairman of the Board of Directors (2021-) and Riverty Sweden 
AB, member of the Board of Directors (2021-). 
GUSTAF RENTZHOG, BSc, Banking and Finance, Stockholm School of Business, born 1972 
Background 
Söderberg & Partners, CEO (2004 -); Carnegie Pension Consulting AB, Business Analyst 
(1996-2003), CEO (2003-2004).

--- Page 71 ---
71 (79) 
 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Söderberg & Partners Holding AB, member of the Board of Directors (2019-); Söderberg & 
Partners Insurance Consulting AB, member of the Board of Directors (2006-); Söderberg & 
Partners Wealth Management AB, member of the Board of Directors (2013-); PO Söderberg 
& Partner Aktiebolag, member of the Board of Directors (2004-); Real Alliance AB, member 
of the Board of Directors (2021-); Levler SPQR AB, member of the Board of Directors (2021-
); Nore Technology AB, Chairman of the Board of Directors (2011-); S.P. Löner och Förmåner 
Holding AB, Chairman of the Board of Directors (2018-). 
ANNA WANBY, Master of Law, Lunds Universitet, born 1966 
Background 
Ikano Bank, CLO (2020 -); Handelsbanken, Head Legal Department (South of Sweden) 
(2011-2020); Handelsbanken, Legal Counsel (2002-2011); Handelsbanken, Client Executive 
(1998-2002); Svenska Handelsbanken SA, Luxembourg, Legal Advisor (1995-1998). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
N/A 
CAJ TIGERSTEDT, MSc, Accounting and Financial Management, Stockholm School of Eco-
nomics, born 1986 
Background 
Proventus, CIO (2020-), Catella AB, Head of M&A and Group Investment Manager (2016-
2020), M&A advisory (2009-2016). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
P Capital Partners, member of Advisory Board and Limited Partner Committee (2022-); Ace 
Music AB, member of Board of Directors (2021-); Atensin Group AB, member of the Board 
of Directors (2020-); Atensin Invest AB, member of the Board of Directors (2020-). 
BJÖRN RENTZHOG, MsC in Economics, Mittuniversitetet Östersund, born 1969 
Background 
Persson Invest, CEO (2011-), Wist Last & Buss AB, Chief Executive Officer (2004-2011), Con-
troller (2002-2004); Samhall Midland AB, Chief Financial Officer (2000-2002); Deloitte AB, 
Auditor (1997-2000). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
Chairman of the Board of Directors in several companies including: Bilbolaget Nord AB 
(2011-), Valbo Trä AB, Wist Last & Buss AB (2011-), Wist Last & Buss AS (2011-), Östersunds 
Lastbilsservice AB, NHP Sverige AB, Intakt AB (2021-). Member of the Board of Directors in 
several companies including: AB Persson Invest (2011-), Persson Invest Skog AB (2011-), JP 
Vind AB, Mullbergs Vindpark AB, Hocksjön Vind AB, Volvofinans Bank AB, Bilinorr Persson 
& Co AB (2022-). 
JOHAN SANDBERG, MSc in Business and Economics, Lunds Universitet, born 1978 
Background

--- Page 72 ---
72 (79) 
 
Sparbanken Syd, Chief Financial Officer and deputy Chief Executive Officer (2019-); Spar-
banken Syd, Head of Finance (2012-2019); SAXO Privatbank A/S, Nordic Controller (2010-
2012); E*TRADE Financial, Nordic Controller (2009-2010); Folkia A/S, Group Controller 
(2008-2009); E*TRADE Financial, Lead Accountant (2007-2009); Norrtälje kommun, Finan-
cial Controller (2004-2007). 
Membership in other Board of Directors and other positions of trust 
N/A 
6.6.2 
Executive Team 
The Executive Team serves as an advisory team to the Chief Executive Officer and has de-
cision making powers in any matters that the Board of Directors of the Issuer has delegated 
to it. 
The Executive Team consists of seven persons which are presented below. 
 
GUSTAV BERGGREN 
Master of Laws 
Chief Executive Officer 
Born 1980 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2018 
Holds warrants in the Issuer indirectly 
through Caserne AB (previous owner of 
the Issuer), in which Gustav Berggren is 
partner 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: Caserne AB, 
CEO and member of Board of Directors 
(2017-). 
EMMA DI NICOLA 
MSc, Business and Economics 
Chief Risk Officer 
Born 1982 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2021 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: N/A 
Peter Strömberg  
MSc, Business Administration & Com-
puter Science 
Chief Technology Officer 
Born 1972 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2023 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: N/A 
ADAM LEWENHAUPT 
MSc, Finance 
Chief Commercial Officer 
Born 1981 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2018

--- Page 73 ---
73 (79) 
 
Holds warrants in the Issuer indirectly 
through Caserne AB (previous owner of 
the Issuer), in which Adam Lewenhaupt 
is partner 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: Caserne AB, 
member of Board of Directors (2017-). 
SAMUEL TAWADROS 
MBA, Finance 
Chief Financial Officer 
Born 1982 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2022 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: N/A 
CAMILLA PHILIPSON WATZ 
Master of Law 
Chief Legal Officer 
Born 1975 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2020 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: Hoist Fi-
nance AB (publ), member of Board of Di-
rectors (2022-). 
PETER WALLDOUR 
BSc in Business Administration 
Chief Operating Officer, deputy CEO 
Born 1983 
Member of the Executive Team since 
2018 
Holds warrants in the Issuer indirectly 
through Caserne AB (previous owner of 
the Issuer), in which Peter Walldour is 
partner 
Membership in other Board of Directors 
and other positions of trust: Caserne AB, 
chairman of Board of Directors (2017-). 
6.6.3 
Business address 
The address for all members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer and members of the 
Executive Team is the registered address of the Issuer being Box 24088, SE-104 50 Stock-
holm with visiting address Linnégatan 87 D, 115 23 Stockholm. 
6.6.4 
Independence of directors 
The Issuer is not required to comply with any corporate governance code. According to the 
Board of Directors’ internal evaluation made in accordance with the Issuer’s policies and

--- Page 74 ---
74 (79) 
 
internal guidelines, all Board members are independent in relation to the Issuer. The Board 
members Johan Brodin and Julia Lannerheim are independent in relation to significant 
shareholders. 
• 
Per Balazsi represents ICA Banken which will mediate mortgages on behalf of the 
Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and which owns 19.9 
per cent. of the Issuer’s shares and total voting power; 
• 
Anna Wanby represents Ikano Bank which will mediate mortgages on behalf of the 
Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and which owns 23.7 
per cent. of the Issuer’s shares and total voting power; 
• 
Eva Cederbalk is member of the Board of Directors of Ikano S.A., a shareholder in 
Ikano Bank which will mediate mortgages on behalf of the Issuer (see “Description 
of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and which owns 23.7 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
shares and total voting power; 
• 
Gustaf Rentzhog is an indirect shareholder of the Issuer and represents Söderberg 
& Partners which will mediate mortgages on behalf of the Issuer (see “Description 
of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and which owns 13.2 per cent. of the Issuer’s 
shares and total voting power;  
• 
Jan-Gunnar Eurell represents Ålandsbanken which will mediate mortgages on be-
half of the Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and supply 
the Issuer with platform solutions consisting of four main services - treasury, pay-
ments, credits and accounting and which owns 9.8 per cent. of the Issuer’s shares 
and total voting power;  
• 
Johan Sandberg represents Sparbanken Syd which will mediate mortgages on be-
half of the Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – Strategy of the Issuer”) and which 
owns 4.1 per cent. of the Issuer’s shares and total voting power; 
• 
Caj Tigerstedt represents Proventus AB, being one of the financial investors, which 
owns 3.4 per cent. of the Issuer’s shares and total voting power; and 
• 
Björn Rentzhog represents AB Persson Invest, being one of the financial investors, 
which owns 6.5 per cent. of the Issuer’s shares and total voting power. 
6.6.5 
Conflicts of interest 
Johan Brodin, who is a member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, is the Chief Risk 
Officer of Intrum which will supply the Issuer with debt collection services and Emma di 
Nicola, who is the Chief Risk Officer of the Issuer, is married to the head of financial services 
at Odevo, the parent company of MONU which is the technical platform through which SBC 
and Nabo offer its clients deposit accounts with the Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – 
Business activities”). Gustav Berggren, who is Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer, is a 
shareholder in Lysa, which is a savings platform who offers its customers the opportunity 
to place its savings in a deposit account with the Issuer (see “Description of the Issuer – 
Business activities”). Other than that, and what is stated above under “Independence of 
directors”, there are no conflicts of interest between any duties of the members of the

--- Page 75 ---
75 (79) 
 
Board of Directors of the Issuer or the Executive Team to the Issuer and their private inter-
ests or duties. 
6.6.6 
Auditor 
According to the Issuer’s articles of association, the Issuer shall have one auditor. Öhrlings 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AB is the Issuer’s auditor, with Daniel Algotsson (born 1982) as 
the auditor in charge during the period covered by the historical financial information. At 
the annual general meeting held on 15 June 2023, Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
was re-elected with Daniel Algotsson as the auditor in charge for the time leading up to the 
next annual general meeting. Daniel Algotsson is a certified public accountant and member 
of FAR. Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB office address is Torsgatan 21, SE-113 21 
Stockholm.

--- Page 76 ---
76 (79) 
 
7 
Other Information 
7.1 
Information regarding the Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the SFSA as competent authority under Regu-
lation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council. The SFSA only ap-
proves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council. The SFSA’s approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
that is the subject of this Base Prospectus, nor should it be considered as an endorsement 
of the quality of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
7.2 
Responsibility 
The board of directors of the Issuer is, to the extent provided by law, responsible for the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to the best of their 
knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the 
facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
7.3 
Legal and arbitrary proceedings 
The Issuer has not been a party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (in-
cluding any such proceedings which are pending or threatened which the Issuer is aware 
of) during the previous twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position or 
profitability. 
7.4 
Certain material interests 
The Dealers (and closely related companies) have provided, and may in the future provide, 
certain investment banking and/or commercial banking and other services and facilities to 
the Issuer for which they have received, or will receive, remuneration. Accordingly, conflicts 
of interest may exist or may arise as a result of the Dealers having previously engaged, or 
in the future engaging, in transactions with other parties, having multiple roles or carrying 
out other transactions for third parties with conflicting interests. 
7.5 
Material changes and trend information 
There have been no significant changes to the Issuer’s financial performance or position 
since 30 September 2023 (the end of the period of the Interim Report), nor has there been 
any material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2022, being 
the end of the last financial period for which an audited financial report has been prepared 
and there have been no recent events specific to the Issuer which to a material extent are 
relevant to the evaluation of the Issuer’s solvency.

--- Page 77 ---
77 (79) 
 
7.6 
Material agreements 
The Issuer has not concluded any material agreements not entered into in the ordinary 
course of its business which could result in the Issuer being under an obligation or entitle-
ment that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the Noteholders. 
7.7 
Information incorporated by reference 
The Issuer’s audited annual reports for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 
December 2021, respectively (the “Financial Statements”) and the Issuer’s unaudited in-
terim report for the period 1 January – 30 September 2023 (the “Interim Report”) are in-
corporated into this Base Prospectus. The Financial Statements and the Interim Report are 
incorporated by reference to the extent set out below. The Financial Statements and the 
Interim Report are to be read as part of this Base Prospectus, provided that the non-incor-
porated parts are not relevant for investors in the Notes or covered elsewhere in the Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022: 
1. income statement, pages 28-29; 
2. balance sheet, page 30; 
3. statement of changes in equity, page 31; 
4. cash flow statement, page 32;  
5. the notes, pages 34-53 and 
6. the audit report, pages 55-57. 
The Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2021: 
1. income statement, page 9-10; 
2. balance sheet, page 11; 
3. statement of changes in equity, page 12; 
4. cash flow statement, page 13;  
5. the notes, pages 15-32; and 
6. the audit report, pages 34-36. 
The Issuer’s interim report for the period 1 January – 30 September 2023 
1. income statement, page 8-9; 
2. balance sheet, page 10; 
3. statement of changes in equity, page 11; 
4. cash flow statement, page 12; 
5. the notes, pages 13-19; and 
6. auditor’s review report, page 21.

--- Page 78 ---
78 (79) 
 
The Financial Statements have been audited. Save for the Financial Statements, the Issuer’s 
auditor has not audited or reviewed any part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited annual reports have been prepared in accordance with International Standards 
on Auditing. 
In addition to the above and in order to enable further tap issuances of Loans issued under 
the previous prospectus, the general terms and conditions as of 24 January 2022, which are 
included in the Issuers base prospectus dated 24 January 2022 on pages 37-57, are incor-
porated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer’s annual reports for 2022 and 2021and interim report for the period 1 January – 
30 September 2023 referred to above are available on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.borgohypotek.se/investor-relations#finansiella-rapporter-och-bolagsdoku-
ment and the general terms and conditions dated 24 January 2022, included in the Issuer’s 
the base prospectus dated 24 January 2022, is available on the Issuer’s website 
https://www.borgohypotek.se/investor-relations#borgos-upplaningsprogram. The infor-
mation on the website, including pages or sections not expressly referred to, is not part of 
this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the SFSA unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
7.8 
Documents available for inspection 
Copies of the Issuers articles of association and certificate of registration together with all 
other documents incorporated into this Base Prospectus by reference are available at the 
Issuer’s head office at Linnégatan 87 D, 115 23 Stockholm and at the Issuer’s website, 
www.borgohypotek.se.

--- Page 79 ---
79 (79) 
 
8 
Addresses 
THE ISSUER 
Borgo AB (publ) 
Linnégatan 87 D 
Box 24088 
SE-104 50 Stockholm 
+46 (0)10-525 25 00 
www .borgohypotek.se 
ARRANGER 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Smålandsgatan 17 
SE-105 71 Stockholm 
+45 5547 1487/1479 
www .nordea.com 
 
 
DEALERS 
Nordea Bank Abp 
Smålandsgatan 17 
SE-105 71 Stockholm 
+46 (0)8 407 90 85 
+46 (0)8 407 91 11 
+46 (0)8 407 92 03 
www .nordeamarkets.com 
 
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) 
Kungsträdsgården 8 
SE-106 40 Stockholm 
+46 (0)8 506 232 19 
www .seb.se 
 
Danske Bank A/S, Danmark, Sverige Filial 
Norrmalmstorg 1 
Box 7523 
SE-103 92 Stockholm 
+46 (0)8 568 805 77 
www .danskebank.se 
 
 
Swedbank AB (publ) 
SE-105 34 Stockholm 
Tel: +46 (0)8 700 99 85 
www .syndicate@swedbank.se 
Attention: MTN Desk 
 
ISSUING AND PAYING AGENT 
Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge 
Essendrops gate 7 
N-0368 Oslo 
Norway 
+47 24013462 
www .nordea.no 
AUDITOR 
Öhrlings PricewaterhouseCoopers AB 
Torsgatan 21 
SE-113 21 Stockholm 
+46 (0)10 212 40 00 
www .pwc.se 
 
 
CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITARY 
Euroclear Sweden AB 
Klarabergsviadukten 63 
Box 191, 
SE-101 23 Stockholm 
+46 (0)8-402 90 00 
Verdipapirsentralen ASA 
Tollbugata 2 
NO-0152 Olso 
Norge