--- Page 1 ---
BOUBYAN SUKUK LIMITED 
(an exempted company incorporated with limited liability in the Cayman Islands) 
U.S.$3,000,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme  
Under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 trust certificate issuance programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Boubyan Sukuk Limited (in its capacity as issuer and trustee, 
as applicable, the “Trustee”), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust certificates (the “Certificates”) denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Trustee and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). Certificates may only be issued in registered form. The maximum aggregate face amount of all Certificates from time to time outstanding 
under the Programme will not exceed U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies, calculated as provided for in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described 
herein. 
The Certificates may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer(s) appointed under the Programme from time to 
time by the Trustee and Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. (the “Bank” or the “Obligor”) (each a “Dealer” and together, the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue of Certificates or on an ongoing 
basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer(s)” shall, in the case of an issue of Certificates being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to 
subscribe to such Certificates. 
An investment in Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks. For a discussion of the principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Trustee to fulfil its obligations under 
the Certificates, see “Risk Factors”. 
Each Tranche (as defined in the terms and conditions of the Certificates (the “Conditions”)) of Certificates will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the “Master Trust Deed”) 
dated 18 February 2022 entered into by the Trustee, the Bank and Citibank, N.A., London Branch as delegate of the Trustee (in such capacity, the “Delegate”); and (ii) a supplemental trust deed (each a 
“Supplemental Trust Deed”) in relation to the relevant Tranche. Certificates of each Series confer on the holders of the Certificates from time to time (the “Certificateholders”) the right to receive payments 
(as more particularly described herein) arising from the assets of a trust declared by the Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the “Trust”). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The Central Bank of Ireland only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Trustee, the Obligor or the quality of any Certificates issued under the Programme that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in such Certificates. Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Certificates issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list (the “Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (the “Regulated Market”). The Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended, “MiFID II”). Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II (each such regulated market being a “MiFID Regulated Market”) and/or which are to be offered to the public in the European Economic Area 
(“EEA”) in circumstances that require the publication of a prospectus. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Certificates have been admitted to listing on the Official List and to trading on the Regulated 
Market or, as the case may be, another MiFID Regulated Market as may be specified in the applicable final terms relating to the relevant Series (the “applicable Final Terms”). The Programme provides that 
Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). The Trustee 
may also issue unlisted Certificates and/or Certificates not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, the Certificates may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”)). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Certificates and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Each Series of Certificates will initially be represented by a global certificate in registered form (a “Global Certificate”). Global Certificates will be deposited on the relevant issue date with, and registered in 
the name of a nominee for, a common depositary (the “Common Depositary”) on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). The 
provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global Certificates for definitive Certificates are described in “Summary of Provisions relating to the Certificates while in Global Form”. 
The Bank has been assigned a long-term issuer default rating of A with a stable outlook by Fitch Ratings Ltd. (“Fitch”), a long-term counterparty risk rating of A2 and a long-term deposit rating of A3 with a 
stable outlook by Moody’s Investors Service Cyprus Ltd. (“Moody’s”), and a long-term issuer credit rating of A- with a positive outlook from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“Standard & Poor’s”). 
The Programme is expected to be rated A by Fitch. 
Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s are established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). As such, each of Moody’s and 
Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-
and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The ratings issued by Moody's have been endorsed by Moody's Investors Service Ltd., and have not been withdrawn. Moody’s Investors 
Service Limited is established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“EUWA”) (the “UK CRA Regulation”). Standard & Poor’s is established in the European Union and is registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Standard & Poor’s is included in the list of credit 
rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. The rating issued by Standard & Poor’s 
has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Fitch appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority's Financial Services Register at https://register.fca.org.uk/s/. The ratings issued by Fitch have 
been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and have not been withdrawn. Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As such, Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by ESMA on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
The transaction structure relating to the Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been approved by the Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board of the Bank and the Global Shariah Supervisory 
Committee of Standard Chartered Bank. Prospective Certificateholders should not rely on such approvals in deciding whether to make an investment in the Certificates and should consult their own Shari’a 
advisers as to whether the proposed transaction described in such approvals is in compliance with their individual standards of compliance with Shari’a principles. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) will be valid for a period of 12 months from 18 February 2022 in relation to Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to 
supplement the Base Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid in relation to such Certificates.  
 
Arrangers and Dealers 
NBK Capital 
 
Standard Chartered Bank 
 
Wafra International Investment 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 February 2022.

--- Page 2 ---
i 
 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
The Trustee and the Bank accept responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms for each Series of Certificates issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Trustee and the Bank, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts 
and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto, with 
any information incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Certificates, should be read 
and construed together with the applicable Final Terms. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain technical terms have been cited in their original 
language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any of their respective affiliates have authorised 
the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus and none of them makes any representation or warranty (and no 
such representation or warranty is implied) or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus or any responsibility for any acts or omissions of the Trustee, 
the Bank or any other person in connection with this Base Prospectus or the issue and offering of the Certificates 
under the Programme. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained 
in this Base Prospectus in connection with the Programme or the issue or sale of the Certificates and, if given 
or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Trustee, 
the Bank, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents (each as defined herein). Neither the delivery 
of this Base Prospectus nor any offering or sale of the Certificates shall, under any circumstances, create any 
implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Trustee or the Bank since the date hereof or the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented, or that there has been 
no adverse change in the financial position of the Trustee or the Bank since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
In the case of any Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Certificates). 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Certificates in certain jurisdictions may 
be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required by the Trustee, the 
Bank, the Arrangers and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Subject to certain exceptions, Certificates may 
not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S). Each purchaser of the Certificates in making its purchase will be deemed to have made certain 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements. Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that the offer, 
sale or delivery of Certificates to it will be made in reliance on the exemption from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act provided by Regulation S. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Certificates and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see “Subscription and Sale”.

--- Page 3 ---
ii 
 
If a jurisdiction requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and any of the Arrangers or 
Dealers or any affiliate of the Arrangers or Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction, the offering 
shall be deemed to be made by that Arranger or Dealer or such affiliate on behalf of the Trustee in such 
jurisdiction. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Trustee, the Bank, 
the Arrangers or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Certificates. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents accepts 
any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement made, or purported to be 
made, by the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or on its or their behalf in connection with the 
Trustee, the Bank or the issue and offering of the Certificates. Each of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate 
and the Agents accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise which 
it might otherwise have in respect of this Base Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other such statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not 
be considered as a recommendation by any of the Trustee, the Bank, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate 
or the Agents that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other such statements should purchase the 
Certificates. Each potential purchaser of Certificates should determine for itself the relevance of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Certificates should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents undertakes to review the 
financial condition or affairs of the Trustee or the Bank during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus, nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Certificates issued under the Programme of 
any information coming to the attention of any of the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents. 
The Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in any Certificates 
must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Certificates, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Certificates and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Certificates, including Certificates where the currency for any Dissolution Distribution Amount or 
Periodic Distribution Amount (each as defined herein) payments are different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the relevant Certificates and is familiar with the behaviour of 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
The Certificates are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Certificates unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a 
financial adviser) to evaluate how the Certificates will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects

--- Page 4 ---
iii 
 
on the value of such Certificates and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall 
investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) Certificates are legal 
investments for it, (ii) Certificates can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing or raising of finance 
and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Certificates. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Certificates 
under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Certificates to which this Base Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their 
resale. Prospective purchasers of the Certificates offered should conduct their own due diligence on the 
Certificates. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus you should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
No advice is given by the Trustee, the Bank, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents in respect 
of taxation or Shari’a matters relating to any Certificates or the legality of the purchase of the Certificates by 
an investor under any applicable law. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN SHARI’A ADVISER, TAX 
ADVISER, LEGAL ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO SHARI’A ,TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS 
AND RELATED MATTERS CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY CERTIFICATES. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilisation 
manager(s) (the “Stabilisation Manager(s)”) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may effect transactions with a view to supporting the market 
price of the Certificates at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation 
may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after 
the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. 
Any stabilisation action must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Certificates may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance”, which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which channels 
for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Certificates (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product Governance Rules”), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
iv 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series of Certificates may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR 
Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Certificates and which 
channels for distribution of the Certificates are appropriate. Any distributor should take into consideration the 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Certificates, 
but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION 
In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the 
Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 
2018”), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Certificates, the Trustee has determined, and hereby 
notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Certificates are prescribed 
capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: 
Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Profit and/or other amounts payable under the Certificates may be calculated by reference to certain reference 
rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/2011 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”) or the Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a benchmark, the 
applicable Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 
(Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Financial Conduct 
Authority (the “FCA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation. Administrators of certain benchmarks are not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of each of the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation and transitional provisions 
in the Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator 
of a particular benchmark is not required to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date 
of the applicable Final Terms. The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, 
the Trustee does not intend to update the applicable Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status 
of the administrator.

--- Page 6 ---
v 
 
 
VOLCKER RULE 
The Volcker Rule, which became effective on 1 April 2014, but was subject to a conformance period for certain 
entities that concluded on 21 July 2015, generally prohibits “banking entities” (which is broadly defined to 
include U.S. banks and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together with their 
respective subsidiaries and other affiliates) from (i) engaging in proprietary trading, (ii) acquiring or retaining 
an ownership interest in or sponsoring a “covered fund”, and (iii) entering into certain relationships with 
“covered funds”. The general effects of the Volcker Rule remain uncertain; any prospective investor in the 
Certificates and any entity that is a “banking entity” as defined under the Volcker Rule which is considering an 
investment in the Certificates should consult its own legal advisers and consider the potential impact of the 
Volcker Rule in respect of such investment. If investment by “banking entities” in the Certificates is prohibited 
or restricted by the Volcker Rule, this could impair the marketability and liquidity of such Certificates. No 
assurance can be made as to the effect of the Volcker Rule on the ability of certain investors subject thereto to 
acquire or retain an interest in the Certificates, and accordingly none of the Trustee, the Bank, the Arrangers, 
the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents, or any of their respective affiliates makes any representation regarding 
(a) the status of the Trustee under the Volcker Rule (including whether it is a “covered fund” for their purposes) 
or (b) the ability of any purchaser to acquire or hold the Certificates, now or at any time in the future. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. The words 
“anticipate”, “believe”, “expect”, “plan”, “intend”, “targets”, “aims”, “seeks”, “estimate”, “project”, “will”, 
“would”, “may”, “could”, “continue”, “should” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking 
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Base Prospectus, including, 
without limitation, those regarding the financial position of the Bank, or the business strategy, management 
plans and objectives for future operations of the Bank, are forward looking statements. These forward looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the Bank’s 
actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from those expressed 
or implied by these forward looking statements. These forward-looking statements are contained in the sections 
entitled “Risk Factors” and “Description of the Group” and other sections of this Base Prospectus. The Bank 
has based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management with respect to future events 
and financial performance. These forward looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding 
the Bank’s present, and future, business strategies and the environment in which the Bank expects to operate in 
the future. Important factors that could cause the Bank’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ 
materially from those in the forward looking statements are discussed under “Risk Factors”. 
Forward looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus and, without prejudice to any 
requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Trustee and the Bank expressly disclaim any obligation 
or undertaking to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements in this Base Prospectus to reflect 
any change in the expectations of the Trustee or the Bank or any change in events, conditions or circumstances 
on which these forward looking statements are based. Given the uncertainties of forward looking statements, 
the Trustee and the Bank cannot assure potential investors that projected results or events will be achieved and 
the Trustee and the Bank caution potential investors not to place undue reliance on these statements.

--- Page 7 ---
vi 
 
PRESENTATION OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION  
Presentation of financial information 
Historical financial statements 
The financial statements relating to the Bank and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) included in this 
Prospectus are: 
• 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 (with comparative data as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020) (the “2021 Financial Statements”); and 
• 
as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 (with comparative data as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019) (the “2020 Financial Statements” and, together with the 2021 Financial Statements, 
the “Financial Statements”). 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the regulations for financial services 
institutions as issued by the Central Bank of Kuwait (“CBK”) in the State of Kuwait. These regulations require 
banks and other financial institutions regulated by CBK to adopt the International Financial Reporting 
Standards (“IFRS”) as issued by International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) with the following 
amendments: 
• 
expected credit loss (“ECL”) to be measured at the higher of ECL provision on credit facilities computed 
under IFRS 9 in accordance with CBK guidelines or the provisions as required by CBK instructions 
along with its consequent impact on related disclosures; and  
• 
recognition of modification losses on financial assets arising from payment holidays to customers as a 
result of COVID-19 (as defined below) during the year ended 31 December 2020, as required by CBK 
circular ref.2/BS/IBS/461/2020. Modification losses referred to in the circular, should be recognised in 
retained earnings instead of consolidated statement of profit or loss as would be required by IFRS 9. 
However, modification loss on financial assets arising from any other payment holidays to customers 
shall be recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss in accordance with IFRS 9. All 
modification losses incurred after the year ended 31 December 2020 are recognised in the consolidated 
statement of profit or loss. The application of the policy will result in application of different accounting 
presentation for modification losses in 2020 compared to 2021. 
The Group also adopted profit rate benchmark reform (IBOR Reform Phase 1) and other amendments to IFRS 
with effect from 1 January 2020 with no impact on the Financial Statements. 
The Financial Statements have been audited in accordance with International Standards on Auditing by Ernst 
& Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & Partners (“EY Kuwait”) and Deloitte & Touche Al-Wazzan & Co. (“Deloitte 
Kuwait”), without qualification as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein. 
The Group’s financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Prospectus to “2021”, “2020” and 
“2019” are to the 12-month period ending on 31 December in each such year. 
References to “deposits from financial institutions” 
In this Prospectus, unless otherwise indicated, references to “deposits from financial institutions” are to the line 
item “due to banks” in the consolidated statement of financial position of the Financial Statements. 
Certain non-IFRS financial information 
This Prospectus includes references to capital, leverage and certain other ratios. Although these ratios are not 
IFRS measures, the Bank believes that the capital and leverage ratios in particular are important to

--- Page 8 ---
vii 
 
understanding its capital and leverage position, particularly in light of current or planned future regulatory 
requirements to maintain these ratios above prescribed minimum levels. The Bank’s interpretation of any future 
planned ratios and the basis of its calculation of these ratios may be different from those of other financial 
institutions. 
Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures 
In this Prospectus, the Bank uses the following metrics in the analysis of its business and financial position, 
which the Bank considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures as defined in the ESMA Guidelines. 
For further information, see “Selected Financial Information – Selected Ratios”. 
Metric 
 
Definition and method of 
calculation 
 
Rationale for inclusion 
Return on average assets 
 
Profit for the year attributable to 
shareholders of the Bank 
divided by average assets for the 
year, with average assets 
calculated as the sum of assets at 
the end of each quarter divided 
by five 
 
Performance measure to express 
how well assets are being used 
to generate profits 
Return on average equity 
 
Profit for the year attributable to 
shareholders of the Bank less 
Tier 1 profit divided by average 
shareholders’ equity for the year, 
with average shareholders’ 
equity calculated as the sum of 
shareholders’ equity at the end 
of each quarter divided by five 
 
Performance measure to express 
profitability in relation to 
average shareholders’ equity 
Cost to income ratio 
 
Operating expenses divided by 
net operating income 
 
Performance measure to express 
operating efficiency 
Net profit rate margin 
 
Net income from Islamic 
financing to customers net of 
finance cost and distribution to 
depositors divided by average 
profit-earning assets for the year, 
with average profit-earning 
assets calculated as the sum of 
profit-earning assets at the end 
of each quarter divided by five. 
Profit-earning assets comprise 
deposits with the CBK and other 
banks, Islamic financing to 
customers and investment in 
sukuk (“Sukuk”) 
 
Profitability measure to express 
the spread generated on profit-
earning assets 
Net profit margin 
 
Profit for the year attributable to 
shareholders of the Bank 
divided by net operating income 
for the year 
 
Profitability measure to express 
how much of revenue translates 
into profit

--- Page 9 ---
viii 
 
Impaired Islamic financing ratio 
 
Impaired Islamic financing to 
customers as a percentage of 
total gross Islamic financing to 
customers 
 
Asset quality measure 
Provision for impairment ratio 
 
Provision for impairment as a 
percentage of impaired Islamic 
financing to customers 
 
Asset quality measure to express 
the sufficiency of provisions in 
respect of impaired Islamic 
financing to customers 
Liquid assets ratio 
 
Sum of liquid funds, trading 
securities and placements 
divided by total assets 
 
Asset quality measure to express 
liquidity 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
 
Calculated as stipulated in CBK 
Circular No. 2/RB/346/2014 
dated 23 December 2014 and 
CBK Circular No. 
2/RB/363/2016 dated 2 February 
2016 
 
Asset quality measure to express 
short-term liquidity risk profile 
(i.e. adequate stock of 
unencumbered high-quality 
liquid assets that can be 
converted easily and 
immediately in private markets 
into cash to meet liquidity needs 
for a 30 calendar day liquidity 
stress scenario) 
Islamic financing to customers 
to depositors’ accounts and due 
to banks ratio 
 
Total Islamic financing to 
customers divided by the sum of 
depositors’ accounts and due to 
banks 
 
Asset quality measure to express 
ability to make payments to 
customers withdrawing their 
deposits and banks calling on 
their dues 
Islamic financing to customers 
to depositors’ accounts ratio 
 
Total Islamic financing to 
customers divided by the sum of 
depositors’ accounts 
 
Asset quality measure to express 
ability to make payments to 
customers withdrawing their 
deposits 
Presentation of other information 
Rounding 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. For the 
purposes of calculating certain figures and percentages, the underlying numbers used have been extracted from 
the relevant financial statements rather than the rounded numbers contained in this Prospectus. Accordingly, 
figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals 
in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Currencies 
Unless otherwise indicated, in this Prospectus all references to: 
• 
“KD” and “dinar” are to the lawful currency of Kuwait and to “fils” are to the sub-unit of dinar (1,000 
fils are equal to KD 1); and 
• 
“U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States.

--- Page 10 ---
ix 
 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information contained in this Prospectus has been expressed in dinar. 
The Group’s functional currency is the dinar and the Group prepares its financial statements in dinar. 
Third party and market share data 
There is no independently determined financial services industry data available in Kuwait. As a result, any 
Group market share data included in this Prospectus represents the Bank’s estimates of the Group’s market 
shares based on the financial statements published by Kuwaiti banking groups and, where available, industry 
data, such as that produced by the CBK. All such market share information is referred to herein as having been 
estimated and potential investors should note that the data so derived includes significant assets and liabilities 
outside Kuwait and excludes any Kuwaiti assets and liabilities of non-Kuwaiti banking groups. As a result, it 
simply represents an approximation of the Group’s actual market shares. Nevertheless, the Bank believes that 
its estimates of the Group’s market share are helpful as they give prospective investors a better understanding 
of the industry in which the Group operates as well as its position within that industry. Although all such 
estimations have been made in good faith based on the information available and the Bank’s knowledge of the 
market within which it operates, the Bank cannot guarantee that a third-party expert using different methods 
would reach the same conclusions. 
Statistical information relating to Kuwait included in this Prospectus has been derived from official public 
sources, including the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”), the International Monetary 
Fund (the “IMF”), the Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute, the Kuwait Public Authority for Civil Information, the 
CBK and the Kuwait Central Statistical Bureau (the “KSB”). All such statistical information may differ from 
that stated in other sources for a variety of reasons, including the fact that the underlying assumptions and 
methodology (including definitions and cut-off times) may vary from source to source. This data may 
subsequently be revised as new data becomes available and any such revised data will not be circulated by the 
Trustee or the Bank to investors who have purchased any Certificates. 
Certain statistical and other information in this Prospectus, including in relation to gross domestic product 
(“GDP”), balance of payments, revenues and expenditures, and indebtedness of the Kuwaiti government (the 
“Government”), have been obtained from public sources identified in this Prospectus. All statistical 
information provided in this Prospectus, and the component data on which it is based, may not have been 
compiled in the same manner as data provided by, and may be different from statistics published by, other 
sources, for a variety of reasons, including the use of different definitions and cut-off times. Accordingly, the 
statistical data contained in this Prospectus should be treated with caution by prospective investors. The Trustee 
and the Bank accept responsibility for accurately reproducing all such third-party information and, as far as 
each of the Trustee and Bank is aware and is able to ascertain from that published information, no facts have 
been omitted which would render such reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
Where information has not been independently sourced, it is the Bank’s own information. 
No incorporation of website information 
The Bank’s website is https://boubyan.bankboubyan.com. The information on this website or any other website 
mentioned in this Prospectus or any website directly or indirectly linked to these websites has not been verified 
and is not incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, and investors should not rely on it. 
Certain definitions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any section of this Prospectus will have the meaning 
attributed thereto in the Conditions or any other section of this Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as 
used in this Prospectus have the meanings defined below: 
• 
references to “GCC” are to the Gulf Cooperation Council;

--- Page 11 ---
x 
 
• 
references to “Kuwait” are to the State of Kuwait; and 
• 
references to the “MENA” region are to the Middle East and North Africa region. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM 
In order to constitute “alternative finance investment bonds” (“AFIBs”) within the meaning of Article 77A of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) Order 2001 (SI 2001/544), as amended, 
Certificates issued under the Programme will need to satisfy (amongst other requirements) one of the conditions 
mentioned in paragraph (2)(f) of that Article, which includes that, if such Certificates are issued after 31 
December 2020, they will need to be admitted to trading on a recognised investment exchange or a United 
Kingdom (“UK”) trading venue or admitted to the official list of the FCA. Any Certificates which do not 
constitute AFIBs will represent interests in a collective investment scheme (as defined in the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”)) which has not been authorised, recognised or otherwise 
approved by the FCA. Accordingly, this Base Prospectus is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on 
to, the general public in the UK. 
The distribution in the UK of this Base Prospectus, any applicable Final Terms and any other marketing 
materials relating to the Certificates is being addressed to, or directed at: (A) if the distribution of the Certificates 
(whether or not such Certificates are AFIBs) is being effected by a person who is not an authorised person under 
the FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons who are Investment Professionals as defined in Article 19(5) 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the “Financial Promotion 
Order”); (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49 (High net worth 
companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order; and (iii) any other person to 
whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Financial Promotion Order; and (B) if the 
Certificates are not AFIBs and the distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under the 
FSMA, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the categories of Investment Professional 
as defined in Article 14(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Promotion of Collective Investment 
Schemes) (Exemptions) Order 2001 (the “Promotion of CISs Order”); (ii) persons falling within any of the 
categories of person described in Article 22 (High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of 
the Promotion of CISs Order; and (iii) any other person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in 
accordance with the Promotion of CISs Order. 
Persons of any other description in the UK may not receive and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, 
any applicable Final Terms or any other marketing materials in relation to any Certificates. 
Prospective investors in the UK in any Certificates are advised that all, or most, of the protections afforded by 
the UK regulatory system will not apply to an investment in such Certificates and that compensation will not 
be available under the UK Financial Services Compensation Scheme. Any prospective investor intending to 
invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult its professional adviser and ensure 
that it fully understands all the risks associated with making such an investment and that it has sufficient 
financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such investment. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF KUWAIT 
Unless all necessary approvals from the Kuwait Capital Markets Authority (the “CMA”) pursuant to Law No. 
7 of 2010, and its executive bylaws (each as amended) (the “CML Rules”) together with the various resolutions, 
regulations, directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto, or in connection therewith (regardless of 
nomenclature) or any other applicable law or regulation in Kuwait, have been given in respect of the marketing 
and sale of the Certificates, the Certificates may not be offered for sale, nor sold, in Kuwait.

--- Page 12 ---
xi 
 
This Base Prospectus is not for general circulation to the public in Kuwait nor will the Certificates be sold by 
way of a public offering in Kuwait. In the event where the Certificates are intended to be purchased onshore in 
Kuwait, the same may only be so purchased through a licensed person duly authorised to undertake such activity 
pursuant to the CML Rules. Investors from Kuwait acknowledge that the CMA and all other regulatory bodies 
in Kuwait assume no responsibility whatsoever for the contents of this Base Prospectus and do not approve the 
contents thereof or verify the validity and accuracy of its contents. The CMA, and all other regulatory bodies 
in Kuwait, assume no responsibility whatsoever for any damages that may result from relying (in whole or in 
part) on the contents of this Base Prospectus. Prior to purchasing any Certificates, it is recommended that a 
prospective holder of any Certificates seeks professional advice from its advisors in respect to the contents of 
this Base Prospectus so as to determine the suitability of purchasing the Certificates. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE KINGDOM OF BAHRAIN 
In relation to investors in the Kingdom of Bahrain, Certificates issued in connection with this Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents may only be offered in registered form to existing accountholders and accredited 
investors as defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the “CBB”) in the Kingdom of Bahrain where such 
investors make a minimum investment of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in any other currency 
or such other amount as the CBB may determine. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Bahrain pursuant to the terms of Article (81) 
of the Central Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus 
and related offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the CBB. 
Accordingly, no Certificates may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase, nor will this Base Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with 
any offer, sale or invitation to subscribe or purchase Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, other than to accredited investors for an offer outside the Kingdom of Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered this Base Prospectus or related offering documents and it 
has not in any way considered the merits of the Certificates to be offered for investment, whether in or outside 
the Kingdom of Bahrain. Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of 
the statements and information contained in this Base Prospectus and expressly disclaims any liability 
whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this Base 
Prospectus. No offer of Certificates will be made to the public in the Kingdom of Bahrain and this Base 
Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to or made available to the public 
generally. 
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (“Saudi Arabia”) except to such 
persons as are permitted under the rules and regulations issued by the Saudi Arabia Capital Markets Authority 
(the “Saudi CMA”). Any offer of Certificates to any investor in Saudi Arabia or who is a Saudi person (a 
“Saudi Investor”) must be made in compliance with Article 8(a)(1) (including the definitions in the Glossary 
of Defined Terms Used in the Regulations and Rules of the Saudi CMA) or Article 9 of the Rules on the Offer 
of Securities and Continuing Obligations as issued by the board of the Saudi CMA pursuant to resolution 
number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H (corresponding to 27 December 2017), as amended by the board of the 
Saudi CMA resolution number 1-7-2021 dated 1/6/1442H (corresponding to 14 January 2021) (the “Offer of 
Securities Rules”) and Article 10 of the Offer of Securities Rules. 
The Saudi CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, 
and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part

--- Page 13 ---
xii 
 
of this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Certificates issued under the Programme should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Certificates. If you do not understand 
the contents of this Base Prospectus, you should consult an authorised financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered, sold or delivered at any time, directly 
or indirectly, in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute a 
public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered with, 
the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in the State of Qatar. 
The Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Certificates and interests 
therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in the State of Qatar and do not constitute debt 
financing in the State of Qatar under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under the 
laws of the State of Qatar. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN THE CAYMAN ISLANDS 
No invitation, whether directly or indirectly, may be made to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for 
the Certificates and this Base Prospectus shall not be construed as an invitation to any member of the public of 
the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificates issued under the Programme. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS IN MALAYSIA 
Any Certificates to be issued under the Programme may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no 
invitation to subscribe for or purchase such Certificates in Malaysia may be made, directly or indirectly, and 
this Base Prospectus or any document or other materials in connection therewith may not be distributed in 
Malaysia other than to persons falling within the categories set out in Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b), 
Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b), read together with Schedule 8 or Section 257(3) of the Capital Market 
and Services Act 2007 (the “CMSA”) of Malaysia, as may be amended and/or varied from time to time and 
subject to any amendments to the applicable laws from time to time. 
The Securities Commission of Malaysia shall not be liable for any non-disclosure on the part of the Trustee or 
the Bank and assumes no responsibility for the correctness of any statements made or opinions or reports 
expressed in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 14 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................ 1 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................................... 34 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASH FLOWS ........................................................................................... 35 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................................ 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES ............................................................................... 49 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ...... 103 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................................ 106 
USE OF PROCEEDS ...................................................................................................................................... 118 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE .............................................................................................................. 119 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................. 121 
FINANCIAL REVIEW .................................................................................................................................. 128 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP ................................................................................................................. 147 
RISK MANAGEMENT ................................................................................................................................. 167 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES ......................................................................................................... 186 
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT ............................................................................................................................ 197 
OVERVIEW OF BANKING AND FINANCE REGULATIONS IN KUWAIT ............................................ 200 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ......................................................... 208 
TAXATION .................................................................................................................................................... 223 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ....................................................................................................................... 226 
GENERAL INFORMATION ......................................................................................................................... 232

--- Page 15 ---
1 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Each of the Trustee and the Bank believes that the following factors may affect both the Trustee’s ability to pay 
amounts owing under Certificates issued under the Programme and the Bank’s ability to satisfy its obligations 
under the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined in the Conditions). All of these factors are contingencies 
which may or may not occur. However, should any of these factors occur, it would have the potential to 
materially adversely affect the Bank’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects and 
thereby affect its ability to perform its obligations in respect of the relevant Transaction Documents. 
Factors which each of the Trustee and the Bank believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Certificates issued under the Programme are also described below.  
Each of the Trustee and the Bank believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent 
in investing in Certificates, but the inability of the Trustee to pay Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined in 
the Conditions), Dissolution Distribution Amounts (as defined in the Conditions) or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Certificates and of the Bank to pay amounts owing under the Transaction Documents may 
occur for other reasons and neither the Trustee nor the Bank represents that the statements below regarding the 
risks of holding any Certificates are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information 
set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach 
their own views prior to making any investment decision. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this section. 
Risks related to the Trustee 
The Trustee is an exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands 
on 5 September 2019. The Trustee’s only material assets, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will 
be the Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Certificates issued, including the obligation of the Bank to make 
payments to the Trustee under the relevant Transaction Documents to which it is a party relating to each Series. 
Therefore, the Trustee is subject to the same risks that affect the Bank to the extent that those risks limit the 
Bank’s ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party. The ability of the Trustee to pay amounts due on the Certificates is dependent upon receipt by the 
Trustee from the Bank of amounts to be paid pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents, which may not 
be sufficient to meet all claims under the Certificates and the relevant Transaction Documents. See “– Risks 
relating to the Bank and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction Documents”. 
The Trustee has not engaged, and will not engage, in any business activity other than the issuance of Certificates 
under the Programme, the acquisition of Trust Assets as described herein, acting in the capacity as Trustee, the 
issuance of shares in its capital and other related activities as required under the Transaction Documents. As the 
Trustee is a Cayman Islands company, it may not be possible for Certificateholders to effect service of process 
on it outside the Cayman Islands. 
Risks relating to the Bank and its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Transaction 
Documents  
The Group is exposed to the credit risk of customers and other counterparties and anticipated future 
growth in, or deterioration in the quality of, the Group’s Islamic financing to customers or 
investment securities portfolio could result in an increase in its credit risk profile 
Risks arising from adverse changes in the credit quality and recoverability of finance facilities, securities and 
amounts due from counterparties are inherent in a wide range of the Group’s businesses, principally in its

--- Page 16 ---
2 
 
financing and investment activities. In particular, the Group is exposed to the risk that customers may not pay 
amounts due under their Islamic finance facilities according to their contractual terms and that the collateral (if 
any) securing the payment of these finance facilities may be insufficient. The Group regularly reviews and 
analyses its Islamic financing to customers (its “Islamic financing portfolio”) and credit risks, and the Group’s 
provision for losses on its Islamic financing portfolio is based on, among other things, its analysis of current 
and historical delinquency rates and Islamic finance facilities management and the valuation of the underlying 
assets, as well as numerous other management assumptions. However, these internal analyses and assumptions 
may give rise to inaccurate predictions of credit performance, particularly in a volatile economic climate (see 
further “Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – 
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and may leave 
it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks”). 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s Islamic financing portfolio amounted to KD 5.5 billion (compared to KD 
4.8 billion as at 31 December 2020). The Group’s provision for impairment in respect of its Islamic financing 
portfolio amounted to 2.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 2.6 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
The Group’s strategy envisages that it will continue to grow its market share in Kuwait (see further “Description 
of the Group – Strategy”). As part of this growth strategy, the Group will continue to expand its Islamic 
financing portfolio which will, in turn, result in an increase in the Group’s credit exposure. Consequently, the 
Group will need to continually monitor the credit quality of its Islamic financing portfolio. This will be 
particularly important in the light of current economic conditions in Kuwait. See also “Risk Management – 
Principal Risks – Credit risk” and “Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the 
Transaction Documents – The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all 
circumstances and may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks”. 
Credit losses could also arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific customers and counterparties 
of the Group, from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions, or from systemic risks within 
these financial systems, which could affect the recoverability and value of the Group’s assets and require an 
increase in its provisions for the impairment of the Islamic financing portfolio, securities and other credit 
exposures. 
Any failure by the Group to maintain the quality of its assets through effective risk management policies could 
lead to higher levels of defaults resulting in higher impairment provisioning and write-offs, which could have 
a material adverse effect on the Group’s profitability. 
The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, 
has led to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations 
The outbreak of communicable diseases on a global scale may affect investment sentiment and result in sporadic 
volatility in global markets. For instance, the coronavirus virus disease 2019 (“COVID-19”) has spread, and is 
continuing to spread, to many countries around the world. In March 2020, certain countries, including Kuwait, 
began imposing travel restrictions, social distancing and other restrictions, which aim to reduce in-person 
interactions. These measures, while designed to slow the spread of COVID-19, resulted in significant reductions 
in economic activity globally. To date, the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, 
lowered equity market valuations in many countries, created significant volatility and disruption in financial 
markets, decreased interest rates and increased unemployment levels, with global GDP contracting by 4.3 per 
cent. during 2020 according to data published by the World Bank. 
The impact of COVID-19 on the GCC region was relatively severe due to the resultant large drop in oil prices 
and concerns over excess oil production and its storage (see further “– Risks relating to the region in which the

--- Page 17 ---
3 
 
Group operates – The Group is exposed to volatility in international oil prices and sustained lower prices could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s results of operations”). 
Though some restrictive measures have been reduced in certain countries and economic activity has begun to 
recover in certain markets, it is currently unclear how long existing restrictions will be in place, the duration of 
possible future restrictions and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies. 
The first COVID-19 case was confirmed in Kuwait on 24 February 2020 and was followed by a sequence of 
Government decisions starting with the closure of businesses on 9 March 2020 before escalating to a complete 
lockdown during the month of May 2020. Kuwait began a gradual re-opening of the economy in the beginning 
of June 2020 and as at the date of this Prospectus Kuwait is continuing its ongoing process to fully open the 
economy as there are no curfews and there are no restrictions on movement within the country. However, the 
Council of Ministers has requested lately, due to the current developments in the global and local health situation 
regarding the Omicron variant of the COVID-19 virus, that the private sector reduce the number of employees 
in workplaces to the minimum needed to conduct day to day business. The Council of Ministers also imposed 
a temporary ban on all types of social gatherings held in indoor venues from 9 January 2022 to 28 February 
2022. Further, upon arrival into Kuwait from abroad, there is a mandatory seven-day home quarantine that can 
be ended earlier for vaccinated travellers if a PCR (polymerase chain reaction) test after arrival proves negative. 
In response to the pandemic, the CBK initiated macro-prudential measures and reduced regulatory requirements 
in an effort to increase the banking sector’s resilience and enable it to play a more active role throughout the 
crisis. These measures included lowering the banking sector’s capital and liquidity requirements (capital 
adequacy ratio lowered from 13 per cent. to 10.5 per cent. and risk weight for small and medium enterprises 
lowered from 75 per cent. to 25 per cent.), limit of financing increased from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent., 
increasing the ratio of loans to value (LTV) of the property or the cost of development, and dropping the CBK’s 
discount rate to historically low levels which ultimately reached 1.5 per cent. on 16 March 2020. At this stage, 
the CBK has started to gradually unwind the relaxation of regulatory requirements in terms of the regulatory 
liquidity ratio, liquidity coverage ratio, net stable funding ratio, as well as limits on maturity mismatches. 
This also covers previous easing of requirements, including the maximum lending limit and minimum capital 
requirements. All these shall be restored to what they were prior to the crisis, while the reduced risk weight 
for credit extended to small and medium enterprises would be maintained at the 25 per cent. mark imposed 
since April 2021. This move aims to support these projects and encourage banks to extend them credit to help 
this sector overcome the toll of the pandemic.  
See “Financial Review – Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic” 
and “Risk Management – Response to COVID-19” for more information on the CBK measures introduced and 
the steps taken by the Group following the outbreak of the pandemic. 
However, the Group remains exposed to the risk of asset quality deterioration emanating from further waves of 
elevated COVID-19 infection levels that could promote a return to stricter lockdown and social distancing 
measures. Any asset quality deterioration would have a direct impact on the credit risk of the Group’s wholesale 
financing portfolio. 
The extent to which COVID-19 impacts the Group’s business, results of operations, and financial condition, as 
well as the Group’s regulatory capital and liquidity ratios, will depend on future developments, which are highly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope and duration of COVID-19 and actions taken by 
governmental authorities and other third parties in response to the pandemic. The Group may be forced to 
consider adjustments to specific elements of its operations and/or customer exposures. Any material change in 
the financial markets, the Kuwaiti economy or the global economy as a result of these events or developments 
may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations and financial condition.

--- Page 18 ---
4 
 
The Group’s Islamic financing portfolio, investment securities portfolio and deposit base are 
concentrated in Kuwait, the MENA region and the UK 
The Group’s Islamic financing portfolio and investment securities portfolio (including its portfolio of available 
for sale investments, funds and equity securities) together constituted KD 6.2 billion, or 83.9 per cent. of total 
assets, as at 31 December 2021 (compared to KD 5.4 billion, or 84.7 per cent. of total assets, as at 31 December 
2020). As at 31 December 2021, 90.2 per cent. of the Group’s Islamic financing portfolio was advanced to 
customers in the MENA region, principally in Kuwait (compared to 89.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020), 
and 88.1 per cent. of the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk (including contingent liabilities) was 
concentrated in the MENA region, principally in Kuwait (compared to 87.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2020), 
9.8 per cent. of the Group’s Islamic financing portfolio was advanced to customers in Europe and in the UK as 
at 31 December 2021 and 9.4 per cent. of the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk was concentrated in 
Europe and in the UK as at 31 December 2021 (see also “Description of the Group – Subsidiaries and Associates 
– Subsidiaries – BLME”). 
In addition, as at 31 December 2021, the Group’s investment securities portfolio principally comprised 
investment in Sukuk, with KD 395.5 million, or 74.7 per cent. of the investment in Sukuk, comprising exposure 
to MENA region issuers (compared to KD 403.2 million, or 77.1 per cent. of the investment in Sukuk, as at 31 
December 2020) with the remaining 25.3 per cent. comprising exposure to issuers in the Asia region. These 
issuers were principally Kuwaiti and other governments. 
The Group’s depositors’ accounts constituted KD 5.6 billion, or 85.1 per cent. of total liabilities, as at 31 
December 2021 (compared to KD 5.1 billion, or 87.9 per cent. of total liabilities, as at 31 December 2020). In 
the year ending 31 December 2021, over 9 per cent. of the Group’s depositors’ accounts comprised deposits 
from the Government and its related agencies. 
As a result, any deterioration in general economic conditions in Kuwait, the wider MENA region and the UK 
or any failure by the Group to manage effectively its geographic risk concentrations could have a material 
adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects (see further “– Risks 
Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Group’s 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected by global and regional financial 
markets and economic conditions and any deterioration in economic conditions in Kuwait, the wider MENA 
region and the UK could materially adversely impact the Group”). 
The Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are affected by global 
and regional financial markets and economic conditions and any deterioration in economic 
conditions in Kuwait, the wider MENA region and the UK could materially adversely impact the 
Group 
There has been significant volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets since the onset of 
the global financial crisis in late 2007. In addition to this, investor confidence in international debt and equity 
markets (and, in turn, the performance of those markets) could be adversely impacted by recent political events. 
In particular, the UK’s “leave” vote in the June 2016 referendum on its membership of the EU and the election 
of Donald J. Trump as President of the United States in 2016 resulted in periods of significant under and (as 
applicable) over performance in financial markets including, for example, the strong performance of U.S. 
equities in the period since the Trump administration came into office. Additionally, the impact of “Brexit” 
(including the UK’s formal exit from the EU on 31 December 2020 following the end of the “Brexit” transition 
period) on the general political and macro-economic conditions in the UK and across the EU is expected to 
continue to be significant as the UK and the EU navigate the implementation and practicalities of the EU-UK 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement. In November 2020, Joseph R. Biden Jr was elected as President of the

--- Page 19 ---
5 
 
United States for the term 2021 to 2024 and was inaugurated in January 2021. The impact that his current and 
future policies will have on the global capital and credit markets remains unclear. 
Movements in global interest rates have also continued to be unpredictable. The decision of the U.S. Federal 
Reserve to increase U.S. overnight interest rates between December 2015 and December 2018 by an aggregate 
225 basis points (in nine separate increments of 25 basis points each) exacerbated the reduced liquidity 
environment and contributed to a prevailing mood of economic uncertainty. However, in 2019 the U.S. Federal 
Reserve decreased U.S. overnight interest rates by an aggregate 75 basis points (in three separate increments of 
25 basis points each) and in March 2020 U.S. overnight interest rates were further cut to near zero in response 
to the COVID-19 outbreak. 
The ongoing impact of COVID-19 on the global economy remains uncertain and, depending on the global 
infection rates and the measures implemented by governments in response to this, could lead to continued 
volatile market conditions (see further “– Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations 
under the Transaction Documents – The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular 
the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s 
business, financial condition and results of operations”). 
The business and results of operations of banks in Kuwait have been adversely affected by these conditions and 
the impact they had in Kuwait and other countries in the MENA region. In particular, many countries in the 
MENA region experienced significant declines in real estate prices and in stock exchange indices and these 
factors adversely affected companies engaged in the real estate sector (including developers, construction 
companies and others) and investment companies. The Kuwaiti property market has since experienced a period 
of recovery and stabilisation. However, as an increasing number of developments are launched and reach 
completion, the number of properties available in the Kuwaiti market may exceed the demand for such 
properties leading to saturation. This could result in an increase in vacancy rates and/or a decrease in market 
rental rates and sale prices. In addition, demand for properties in Kuwait could decrease as a result of a range 
of other factors, including changes in law, macroeconomic conditions, events in neighbouring countries or 
factors inherent to the Kuwaiti property market. 
Continued slowdown in the global economic environment, together with any reduction in governmental 
spending and the likely impact on the level of economic activity in Kuwait and the wider MENA region, may 
cause the Group to experience reductions in business activity, increased funding costs and funding pressures, 
decreased asset values, increased credit losses and impairment charges, and lower profitability and cash flows. 
The Group’s business and financial performance may also be adversely affected by future recovery rates on 
assets (including real estate and equity securities which it has accepted as security), particularly as the historical 
assumptions underlying asset recovery rates may prove to be inaccurate. 
In addition, although economic conditions are different in each country in the MENA region, investors’ 
reactions to developments in one country may affect the price of securities of issuers in other countries in the 
MENA region, including Kuwait. Accordingly, the market price of the Certificates may be subject to significant 
fluctuations, which may not necessarily be related to the financial performance of the Group (see further “– 
Risks relating to the region in which the Group operates”). 
The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s 20 largest outstanding Islamic financing to customers constituted 23.4 
per cent. of the Group’s gross Islamic financing portfolio (compared to 21.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
Further, although diversified by industry sector, the Group’s highest sector concentration is in the retail sector 
which accounted for 32.9 per cent. and the construction and real estate sectors which accounted for 21.6 per 
cent., respectively, of the Group’s financial assets as at 31 December 2021, before taking into account any

--- Page 20 ---
6 
 
collateral held or credit enhancements (compared to 29.0 per cent. for the retail sector and 26.1 per cent. for the 
construction and real estate sectors as at 31 December 2020). 
In the year ending 31 December 2021, over 9 per cent. of the Group’s depositors’ accounts comprised deposits 
from the Government and its related agencies (compared to 14 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). In addition, 
as at 31 December 2021, the Group’s 20 largest depositors’ accounts constituted 35.9 per cent. of the Group’s 
total depositors’ accounts (compared to 33.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). 
As a result, a material weakening in the credit quality of, or a default by, any one or more of the Group’s large 
Islamic financing to customers or issuers of the investment-related financing held by the Group, or any factors 
which negatively impact the sectors to which the Group has significant exposure, could result in the Group 
making significant additional impairment provisions and experiencing reduced income from its Islamic 
financing portfolio. For instance: (i) a significant decline in real estate values may weaken the credit quality of 
the Group’s construction and real estate customers to the extent that the value of their real estate assets declines 
and could also reduce the value of the real estate collateral which the Group holds; and (ii) continued low levels 
of economic growth or a recession in Kuwait which, particularly if coupled with increased levels of 
unemployment and falling house prices, could materially adversely impact the ability of retail customers to 
repay the Islamic financings provided to them and, as a result, could also similarly adversely impact the liquidity 
and profitability of the Group’s financial institution customers. 
If the property market in Kuwait were to become saturated, or demand for properties in Kuwait were to decline 
or to be lower than expected, this could negatively impact the value of the collateral held by the Group in respect 
of a significant proportion of its Islamic financing portfolio which could lead to an increase in the Group’s 
impairment provisions and reduced profitability. In addition, a large portion of the Group’s customers purchase 
properties as investments, generally with a view to selling them for profit or leasing them for rental income. 
Any perceived or actual oversupply of properties in Kuwait, or a decrease in demand for rental space in Kuwait, 
may result in potential customers having experienced or experiencing difficulty in selling properties provided 
as collateral to the Group, either for an expected profit or for no profit at all. In addition, any perceived or actual 
oversupply of rental space in Kuwait or a decrease in demand for such rental space, for either commercial or 
residential properties, may cause rental rates to decline. This could result in a decrease in demand for the 
Group’s customers’ properties among customers who expect to receive revenue from the part-time rental of 
their properties or who purchase properties for the explicit purpose of rental and, consequently, impact such 
customers’ ability to make payments on their financing in a timely manner. This, in turn, could also lead to an 
increase in the Group’s impairment provisions and reduced profitability. 
Similarly, the withdrawal or non-renewal of its deposits by any one or more of the Group’s large depositors 
could require the Group to obtain replacement funding from other sources which may not be readily available 
or may be significantly more expensive which, in turn, would reduce the Group’s net profit rate margin and 
adversely affect the Group’s operating income and profitability (see further “– Risks Relating to the Bank and 
its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Group is subject to the risk that 
liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be available at costs which may adversely affect its 
business or results of operations”). 
The Group is subject to the risk that liquidity may not always be readily available or may only be 
available at costs which may adversely affect its business or results of operations 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will be unable to meet its obligations, including funding commitments, 
as they become due. This risk is inherent in banking operations and can be heightened by a number of enterprise-
specific factors, including over-reliance on a particular source of funding (including, for example, short-term 
and overnight funding), changes in credit ratings or market-wide phenomena such as market dislocation and 
major disasters. Credit markets worldwide experienced a severe reduction in liquidity in the final quarter of

--- Page 21 ---
7 
 
2008 and the first half of 2009. Since then, market conditions have been volatile with financial institutions 
continuing to experience periods of reduced liquidity. 
The perception of counterparty risk between banks has also increased significantly since the final quarter of 
2008, which led to reductions in certain traditional sources of liquidity, such as the debt markets, asset sales and 
redemption of investments. The Group’s access to these traditional sources of liquidity may be restricted or 
available only at a higher cost and there can be no assurance that the Government will continue to provide the 
levels of support that it has provided to date to the Kuwaiti banking sector (see further “– Risks Relating to the 
Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Government is under no 
obligation to support the Group and there is no assurance that the Group will receive future support”). 
In addition, uncertainty or volatility in the capital and credit markets may limit the Group’s ability to refinance 
maturing liabilities with long-term funding or may increase the cost to the Group of such funding. The Group’s 
access to any additional financing it may need will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, 
the availability of credit generally and to customers in the financial services industry specifically, and the 
Group’s financial condition, credit ratings and credit capacity. 
The Group relies on both customer and interbank deposits, as well as deposits from the Government and its 
related agencies, to meet most of its funding needs. The availability of deposits is subject to fluctuation due to 
factors outside the Group’s control, including possible loss of confidence and competitive pressures, and this 
could result in a significant outflow of deposits within a short period of time. As at 31 December 2021, 68.3 per 
cent. of the Group’s non-equity funding (which comprises amounts due to banks, depositors’ accounts, medium 
term financing and other liabilities) had remaining contractual maturities of up to three months or was payable 
on demand (compared to 70.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) and 87.4 per cent. had remaining maturities 
of one year or less (compared to 88.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). The Group may experience outflows 
of deposits at times when liquidity is constrained generally in Kuwait or when its major depositors experience 
short- or longer-term liquidity requirements. In addition, the Group’s deposits are predominantly concentrated 
in Kuwait and the Group is reliant on certain large deposits from a limited number of government-related and 
private sector corporate customers (see further “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to 
Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Group’s Islamic financing portfolio, investment 
securities portfolio and deposit base are concentrated in Kuwait, the MENA region and the UK” and “Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents 
– The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations”). 
If a substantial portion of the Group’s depositors, or any of its largest depositors, withdraw their demand 
deposits or do not roll over their time deposits at maturity, the Group may need to seek other sources of funding 
or may have to sell, or enter into sale and repurchase or securitisation transactions over, certain of its assets to 
meet its funding requirements. There can be no assurance that the Group will be able to obtain additional 
funding as and when required or at prices that will not affect its ability to compete effectively and, if the Group 
is forced to sell assets to meet its funding requirements, it may suffer material losses as a result. 
In extreme cases, if the Group is unable to refinance or replace such deposits with alternative sources of funding 
to meet its liquidity needs, through other deposits, the interbank markets, the international capital markets or 
through asset sales, this would have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
A negative change in the Bank’s credit rating could limit its ability to raise funding and may increase 
its funding costs 
The Bank has a long-term issuer default rating of A with a stable outlook from Fitch, a long-term counterparty 
risk rating of A2 and a long-term deposit rating of A3 with a stable outlook from Moody’s, and a long-term 
issuer credit rating of A- with a positive outlook from Standard & Poor’s. In particular, the Bank’s long-term

--- Page 22 ---
8 
 
issuer default rating from Fitch was recently downgraded from A+ and its long-term issuer credit rating from 
Standard & Poor’s was recently affirmed at A- with a revised outlook to positive, from stable. 
These ratings, which are intended to measure the Bank’s ability to meet its financing obligations as they mature, 
are an important factor in determining the Bank’s cost of funding. 
There can be no assurance that the ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that the ratings 
will not be lowered further or withdrawn entirely if circumstances in the future so warrant. A further downgrade 
of the Bank’s credit ratings, or a negative change in their outlook, may: (i) limit the Bank’s or any member of 
the Group’s ability to raise funding; (ii) increase the Bank’s or any member of the Group’s cost of funding; and 
(iii) limit the Bank’s or any member of the Group’s ability to raise capital, each of which could adversely affect 
its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, actual or anticipated changes in 
the Bank’s credit rating may negatively affect the market value of the Certificates. 
According to each of Fitch, Moody’s and Standard & Poor’s, a significant factor underpinning the Bank’s 
ratings is their assessment that there is an extremely high probability of support for the Bank from the Kuwaiti 
authorities or by National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K.P. (“NBK”) (see further “– Risks Relating to the Bank and its 
Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Government is under no obligation to 
support the Group and there is no assurance that the Group will receive future support” and “– Risks Relating 
to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The NBK Group exerts 
significant control over the Group and its interests may conflict with those of Certificateholders and/or of the 
Group itself”). 
Any event that causes Fitch, Moody’s or Standard & Poor’s or any other applicable rating agency in the future 
to adjust such view would be likely to result in a negative change in the Bank’s rating. 
In addition, the credit ratings assigned to the Bank may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to an 
investment in the Certificates. Other factors including the market and additional factors discussed in this 
Prospectus may also affect the value of the Certificates. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities. Ratings may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
organisation and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 
Although the Group currently has strong capital ratios, it may need to raise further capital in the 
future for a variety of reasons and such capital may be difficult to raise when needed 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s common equity tier 1 (“CET1”) capital adequacy ratio was 12.0 per cent. 
(compared to 13.7 per cent. as at 31 December 2020) while, as at the same date, the Group’s total capital 
adequacy ratio was 16.4 per cent. (compared to 16.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2020). As at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020, the CBK required Kuwaiti banks to maintain a CET1 capital adequacy ratio and 
total capital adequacy ratio of at least 9.5 per cent. and 13.0 per cent., respectively. Pursuant to a letter dated 28 
March 2016, the CBK informed the Bank that it had designated the Bank as a domestic systemically important 
bank (“D-SIB”) in Kuwait. Following its designation as a D-SIB, the Bank was required to comply with an 
additional capital requirement comprised of CET1 at a rate of 0.5 per cent. by 31 December 2016, bringing the 
total minimum capital requirement applicable to the Bank as at that date to 13.5 per cent. (which includes a 
capital conservation buffer). The CBK has advised the Bank that the results of the study conducted by the CBK 
in identifying D-SIBs are subject to periodic review and that the Bank will be informed by the CBK should 
there be any change to the capital buffer requirements applicable to the Bank. Subsequently, in a letter dated 20 
April 2021, the CBK informed the Bank that it must support its total capital base by an additional capital buffer 
of 1.0 per cent. for the year 2021, to be made from CET1 so that the capital adequacy ratio of the Bank would 
be 14.0 per cent. at minimum as at 31 December 2021. In all stress test scenarios, the Bank maintains going-
concern levels with reasonable margin. For further information regarding calculation methodology as well as

--- Page 23 ---
9 
 
CBK instructions regarding capital adequacy, see “Overview of Banking and Finance Regulations in Kuwait – 
Certain Banking Regulations”. 
A variety of factors may affect the Group’s capital adequacy levels, including, in particular, changes in its risk-
weighted assets and its profitability from one period to another. For example, a significant increase in financing 
in the future is likely to reduce the Group’s capital adequacy ratios and any losses experienced by it in future 
periods would have a similar effect. In addition, regulatory requirements in relation to the calculation of capital 
adequacy and required levels of capital adequacy may change from time to time, including as a result of new 
guidelines issued by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”). The Group may 
also need to increase its capital as a result of market perceptions of adequate capitalisation levels and the 
perceptions of rating agencies. 
As a result, the Group may need to obtain additional capital in the future. Such capital, whether in the form of 
Islamic borrowing or additional equity, may not be available on commercially favourable terms, or at all. 
Moreover, should the Group’s capital ratios fall close to regulatory minimum levels or the Group’s own internal 
minimum levels, the Group may need to adjust its business practices, including reducing the risk and leverage 
of certain activities or undertaking asset disposals. If the Group is unable to maintain satisfactory capital 
adequacy ratios, its credit ratings may be lowered and its cost of funding may therefore increase. The Group 
may also become subject to regulatory sanctions. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on 
the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by market 
risks 
The Group’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by market risks that are 
outside its control, including, without limitation, currency exchange rates (see further “Financial Review – 
Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations – Factors affecting net income from Islamic financing to 
customers”). 
As a financial intermediary, the Group is exposed to foreign exchange rate risk. This risk includes the possibility 
that the value of a foreign currency asset or liability will change due to changes in currency exchange rates as 
well as the possibility that the Group may have to close out any open position in a foreign currency at a loss 
due to an adverse movement in exchange rates. The Group attempts to match the currencies of its assets and 
liabilities and any open currency position is maintained within the limits set by the CBK. However, where the 
Group is not so hedged, it is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and any such hedging activity 
may not in all cases protect the Group against such risks (see further Note 30.4 (Foreign currency risk) to the 
2021 Financial Statements). 
The Group does not enter into any speculative positions, does not conduct proprietary trading and does not 
transact in any complex derivatives (e.g. credit default swaps, etc.). The Group enters into derivative 
transactions, such as forward foreign exchange contracts, to manage its foreign currency positions, cash flows 
and balance sheet. These derivative contracts had a notional value of KD 8.7 million as at 31 December 2021 
and KD 20.4 million as at 31 December 2020. There can be no assurance that the Group’s derivative contracts 
will be successful in mitigating its foreign exchange exposures or that the Group will not experience significant 
losses on its derivatives contracts from time to time. 
Adverse movements in foreign exchange rates may also adversely impact the revenues and financial condition 
of the Group’s depositors and customers which, in turn, may impact the Group’s deposit base and the quality 
of its exposures to certain customers.

--- Page 24 ---
10 
 
Ultimately, there can be no assurance that the Group will be able to protect itself from any adverse effects of a 
currency revaluation or future volatility in currency exchange rates, which could have a material adverse effect 
on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group is subject to extensive regulation and changes in this regulation, or the interpretation 
and enforcement of this regulation, or any failure, or perceived failure, by the Group to comply with 
this regulation could have a material adverse effect on the Group 
The Group is subject to a number of prudential and regulatory controls designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks, ensure their compliance with economic and other objectives and limit their exposure to 
risk. These controls include laws and regulations promulgated by the CBK, the CMA and Boursa Kuwait and 
are further described under “Overview of Banking and Finance Regulations in Kuwait”. 
The regulations to which the Group is subject may limit its ability to carry on certain parts of its business, to 
increase its Islamic financing portfolio or to raise capital and may also increase its cost of doing business. In 
addition, increased regulations or changes in applicable laws and regulations and the manner in which they are 
interpreted or enforced in Kuwait may impose significant additional compliance costs on the Group. 
Furthermore, non-compliance by the Group with any applicable regulations could expose it to potential 
liabilities and fines, which may be significant. 
In order to carry out and expand its businesses, it is necessary for the Group to maintain or obtain a variety of 
licences, permits, approvals and consents from various regulatory, legal, administrative, tax and other 
governmental authorities and agencies. The processes for obtaining these licences, permits, approvals and 
consents are often lengthy, complex, unpredictable and costly. If the Group is unable to maintain or obtain the 
relevant licences, permits, approvals and consents, its ability to achieve its strategic objectives could be 
impaired. 
The Group is also required to comply with applicable know your customer, anti-money laundering and counter-
terrorism financing laws and regulations in Kuwait and other jurisdictions where it operates, including those 
related to countries subject to sanctions by the United States Office of Foreign Assets Control, similar 
regulations of the European Union and other jurisdictions, and applicable anti-corruption laws in the 
jurisdictions in which it conducts business. To the extent that the Group fails or is perceived to fail to comply 
with these and other applicable laws and regulations, its reputation could be materially damaged and it could 
be subject to fines or other monetary penalties, with consequent adverse effects on its business, financial 
condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Group could be adversely affected by the soundness or the perceived soundness of other 
financial institutions and counterparties 
Against the backdrop of constraints on liquidity and the high cost of funds in the interbank lending market, and 
given the high level of interdependence between financial institutions that became most evident following the 
bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers in 2008, the Group is subject to the risk of deterioration in the commercial and 
financial soundness, or perceived soundness, of other financial institutions. Within the financial services 
industry, the default of any one institution could lead to significant losses, and potentially defaults, by other 
institutions. As was experienced in 2008 and 2009, concerns about, or a default by, one institution could also 
lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other institutions, because the commercial and 
financial soundness of many financial institutions is closely related as a result of their credit, trading, clearing 
or other relationships. Even the perceived lack of creditworthiness of, or questions about, a counterparty may 
lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses or defaults by the Group or other institutions. This risk, often 
referred to as “systemic risk”, may also adversely affect other financial intermediaries, such as clearing 
agencies, clearing houses, securities firms and exchanges, with whom the Group interacts on a daily basis.

--- Page 25 ---
11 
 
Systemic risk, should it materialise, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s ability to raise new 
funding and on its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The banking industry is competitive and the Group is exposed to significant competition in Kuwait 
and in the GCC generally 
The Group faces high levels of competition for all of its products and services in Kuwait. In particular, the 
Group competes with other domestic Islamic banks and such competition may increase (see further 
“Description of the Group – Competition in Kuwait”). The Group’s competition in the GCC (outside of Kuwait) 
is also very strong and as such, the Group may have limited growth potential in the GCC (outside of Kuwait). 
The Group believes that, in order to compete effectively, it will need to successfully implement its strategy (see 
further “Description of the Group – Strategy”). 
Any failure by the Group to successfully implement its strategy in the coming years could negatively 
affect its competitive position in the markets in which it operates which could result in reduced 
income or a failure to achieve anticipated levels of income.  
The Group’s business, financial condition and growth prospects may be adversely affected if the 
integration of NOMO does not result in the benefits and synergies the Group originally envisaged 
To align with the Group's ambition to provide a wider range of financial solutions to the Middle Eastern markets, 
NOMO was launched as the first fully licensed and regulated UK Islamic digital bank which caters to customers 
with a global financial outlook. NOMO provides a digital solution for accessing, moving, and investing money 
in the UK and internationally with ease and assurance (see further “Strategy – Solidifying Existing International 
Presence”). As of 31 December 2021, NOMO represented 0.2 per cent. and 6 per cent. of the total assets and 
operating expense of the Group, respectively. However, there is no assurance that the integration of NOMO will 
achieve the benefits and synergies the Group originally planned for. There is also no assurance that the 
integration of NOMO will help the Group achieve its strategy of expanding on its current international presence 
to the degree the Group had envisaged. Any of the above could have an adverse effect on the Group's business, 
financial condition and growth prospects. 
The Group is exposed to a range of operational risks including, in particular, the risk of loss as a 
result of employee misrepresentation, misconduct and improper practice and through any failure of 
the Group’s information technology systems 
Operational risk and losses can result from fraud, errors by employees, failure to document transactions properly 
or to obtain proper internal authorisation, failure to comply with regulatory requirements and conduct of 
business rules, systems and equipment failures (including, in particular, information technology (“IT”) 
failures), natural disasters or the failure of external systems (for example, those of the Group’s counterparties 
or vendors). The Group has implemented risk controls and loss mitigation strategies, and substantial resources 
are devoted to developing efficient procedures and to staff training, but it is not possible to eliminate entirely 
each of the potential operational risks that the Group faces. Losses from the failure of the Group’s system of 
internal controls could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and prospects and could materially adversely affect its reputation. 
The Group’s employees could engage in misrepresentation, misconduct or improper practice that could expose 
the Group to direct and indirect financial loss and damage to its reputation. Such practices may include 
embezzling clients’ funds, engaging in corrupt or illegal practices to originate further business, intentionally or 
inadvertently releasing confidential information about clients or failing to follow internal procedures. It is not 
always possible to detect or deter employee misconduct, and the precautions which the Group takes to detect 
and prevent misconduct may not be effective in all cases. There can be no assurance that measures undertaken 
to combat employee misconduct will be successful. Any such actions by employees could expose the Group to

--- Page 26 ---
12 
 
financial losses resulting from the need to reimburse clients, co-investors or other business partners who 
suffered loss or as a result of fines or other regulatory sanctions, and could damage the Group’s reputation. 
The Group depends on its IT systems to process a large number of transactions on an accurate and timely basis, 
and to store and process substantially all of the Group’s business and operating data. The proper functioning of 
the Group’s financial control, risk management, credit analysis and reporting, accounting, customer service and 
other IT systems, as well as the communication networks between its branches and main data processing 
centres, are critical to the Group’s business and ability to compete effectively. The Group’s business activities 
would be materially disrupted if there is a partial or complete failure of any of these IT systems or 
communications networks. Such failures can be caused by a variety of factors, many of which are wholly or 
partially outside the Group’s control, including natural disasters, extended power outages, computer viruses 
and malicious third-party intrusions. The proper functioning of the Group’s IT systems also depends on accurate 
and reliable data and other system input, which are subject to human errors. Any failure or delay in recording 
or processing the Group’s transaction data could subject it to claims for losses and regulatory fines and penalties. 
The Group has implemented business continuity plans and processes as well as disaster recovery procedures, 
but there can be no assurance that these safeguards will be fully effective at all times or that they will protect 
the Group from all losses that could occur, including as a result of factors beyond the control of the Group. 
In particular, failure to adequately manage cyber-security risk and continually review and update current 
processes in response to new threats could, if a cyber-attack occurs, result in disruption to the Group’s business 
or disclosure of confidential information, create significant financial and/or legal exposure and damage the 
Group’s reputation. 
The Group’s risk management policies and procedures may not be effective in all circumstances and 
may leave it exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks 
There can be no assurance that the Group’s risk management and internal control policies and procedures will 
adequately control, or protect it against, all credit, liquidity, market, operational and other risks. In addition, 
certain risks may not be accurately quantified by the Group’s risk management systems. Some of the Group’s 
methods of managing risk are based upon the use of historical market data which, as evidenced by events caused 
by the global financial crisis, may not always accurately predict future risk exposures which could be 
significantly greater than historical measures indicate. In addition, certain risks could be greater than the 
Group’s empirical data would otherwise indicate. 
Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding the markets in which the 
Group operates, its clients or other matters that are publicly available or information otherwise accessible to it. 
This information may not be accurate, complete, up to date or properly evaluated in all cases. Any material 
deficiency in the Group’s risk management or other internal control policies or procedures may expose it to 
significant credit, liquidity, market or operational risk, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on its 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The NBK Group exerts significant control over the Group and its interests may conflict with those 
of Certificateholders and/or of the Group itself 
As at the date of this Prospectus, the NBK group (the “NBK Group”) is the Bank’s majority shareholder and 
holds 59.9 per cent. of the Bank’s outstanding voting shares. The NBK Group, as a majority shareholder of the 
Bank, has the right to appoint and remove members of the Bank’s board of directors (the “Board”). Even if the 
NBK Group ceases to be a majority shareholder of the Bank, the NBK Group would still be able to appoint 
Board members pro rata to the number of shares it holds, with the remaining members of the Board being 
elected by the general assembly of the Bank’s shareholders. Notwithstanding its ability to appoint a number of 
Board members, the NBK Group does not have any direct legal control over the directors and management of 
the Bank.

--- Page 27 ---
13 
 
As a result of its shareholding, the NBK Group has the ability to exercise indirect control over, among other 
things: (i) the election of the Group’s directors and, in turn, selection of the Group’s management and any 
related business policies and strategies; (ii) the Group’s budget approval; and (iii) the issuance of debt or equity 
and other securities. 
The interests of the NBK Group and the Certificateholders may not necessarily align. There can be no assurance 
that the resolution of any matter involving the interests of the NBK Group will be resolved in what 
Certificateholders would consider to be their best interests or the best interests of the Group. The NBK Group 
is able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring shareholder approval and it may use its 
influence over the Group to pursue its own interests. If such interests do not coincide with the interests of the 
Group and the Certificateholders, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, results of operations or prospects and/or the Bank’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Transaction Documents. 
The Group may not be able to recruit and retain qualified and experienced personnel, which could 
have an adverse effect on its business and its ability to implement its strategy 
The Group’s success and ability to maintain current business levels and sustain growth will depend, in part, on 
its ability to continue to recruit and retain qualified and experienced banking and management personnel. The 
market for such personnel in the Middle East is intensely competitive, and includes competition from the 
Government and Government-related entities, which may cause the Group to face challenges in recruiting and 
retaining such personnel to manage its businesses. 
The Group depends on the efforts, skill, reputation and experience of its executive management, as well as 
synergies among their diverse fields of expertise and knowledge. The loss of key personnel could delay or 
prevent the Group from implementing its strategies. The Group is also not insured against losses that may be 
incurred in the event of the loss of any member of its key personnel. Any of these factors could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Government is under no obligation to support the Group and there is no assurance that the 
Group will receive future support 
In light of the global financial crisis and its impact on the Kuwaiti banking sector, the Government initiated 
plans to support its domestic banks. Although the Government has in the past supported the domestic banking 
industry, there can be no assurance that it will continue to provide support to the domestic banking industry in 
the future. Potential investors in the Certificates should note that the Certificates are not guaranteed by the 
Government, any of the Bank’s shareholders or any other party. 
Risks relating to the region in which the Group operates 
The Group is exposed to volatility in international oil prices and sustained lower prices could 
materially adversely affect the Group’s results of operations 
The Group’s operations are focused in Kuwait. For the year ended 31 December 2021, 90.7 per cent. of the 
Group’s operating income was derived from its operations in Kuwait (compared to 90.9 per cent. for the year 
ended 31 December 2020) while, as at 31 December 2021, 75.7 per cent. of the Group’s maximum exposure to 
credit risk (including contingent liabilities) was concentrated in Kuwait, with a further 12.4 per cent. 
concentrated in the other MENA countries (compared to 78.5 per cent. concentration in Kuwait and 8.9 per 
cent. concentration in the other MENA countries, in each case, as at 31 December 2020). The Group’s strong 
performance in the year ended 31 December 2021 can be partly attributed to the elevated oil price during the 
year, and there is no assurance the oil price will remain at this level going forward.

--- Page 28 ---
14 
 
Kuwait’s economy and the economies of the other countries in the GCC are dependent on oil and gas and related 
industries, as well as the prices and production quantities of these commodities. Oil prices have, however, been 
volatile in recent years, which has impacted economic growth in Kuwait. Between July 2014 and January 2016, 
international crude oil prices declined dramatically (falling by approximately 75.0 per cent. from a high monthly 
average OPEC Reference Basket price per barrel of U.S.$107.89 in July 2014, to a monthly average price of 
U.S.$26.50 in January 2016). There was a partial correction in global crude oil prices through 2016 to 2019 
(according to the OPEC website, the average price of the OPEC Reference Basket was approximately 
U.S.$40.76 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 2016, approximately U.S.$52.43 per barrel for the year 
ended 31 December 2017, approximately U.S.$69.78 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 2018 and 
approximately U.S.$64.04 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 2019). 
However, the OPEC Reference Basket price fell during 2020. In early March 2020, OPEC officials proposed a 
plan to the members of OPEC and other non-OPEC member countries, including Russia, to cut global 
production by 1.5 per cent. No agreement was reached, ending a three-year partnership between OPEC and 
major non-OPEC oil exporters. This also resulted in “OPEC plus” failing to extend the agreement of cutting 
2.1 million barrels per day that was set to expire at the end of March 2020. In March 2020, Saudi Arabia 
announced that it would raise oil output and discount its oil in April 2020. In early April 2020, “OPEC plus” 
announced that it had reached an agreement to cut production by 9.7 million barrels a day, however this action 
failed to support sufficiently the oil market and prices fell in the days following that announcement. As a result 
of the above factors and the COVID-19 outbreak weakening the demand for oil, the OPEC Reference Basket 
price fell significantly and, as at 1 May 2020, the OPEC Reference Basket price was U.S.$16.52. Furthermore, 
certain oil prices turned negative during April 2020 (with the West Texas Intermediate benchmark falling as 
low as minus U.S.$37.63 a barrel), as weakened demand as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak led to buyers 
being paid to take oil due to storage capacity concerns. However, in June 2020, OPEC and Russia agreed to 
extend their oil production cuts for an additional month until the end of July 2020 following an increase in the 
OPEC Reference Basket price to U.S.$33.69 as at 1 June 2020. According to the OPEC website, the average 
price of the OPEC Reference Basket was approximately U.S.$77.97 per barrel for the year ended 31 December 
2021.  
The volatility in oil prices since 2014 has affected the economies of the oil-revenue dependent MENA countries, 
with greater budget deficits, a decrease in fiscal revenues and consequent lower public spending seen between 
2016 and 2018. Government fiscal deficits have resulted in weakened net asset positions, larger external 
financing needs and continued lower government spending. This has resulted in the downgrading, or placing 
on “creditwatch”, of a number of GCC sovereigns including, particularly, the Kingdom of Bahrain and the 
Sultanate of Oman. 
Potential investors should note the significance of changes in international oil prices on Kuwait’s economy. 
Many of Kuwait’s other economic sectors are in part dependent on the oil and gas sector. The Government has 
reduced, and may continue to reduce, government expenditures in light of the budgetary pressures caused by 
low or falling oil prices. Government fiscal deficits are likely to result in a weakened net asset position, larger 
external financing needs and/or continued lower government spending. In addition, ancillary industrial 
activities related to oil and gas exploration and production are also negatively affected by low oil prices. 
Furthermore, sectors that are dependent on government consumption may be adversely affected by lower levels 
of economic activity that may result from lower government revenue from oil production. 
Financial institutions, such as the Bank, may experience lower liquidity or impairments if government 
expenditure in Kuwait continues to be constrained as a result of budgetary pressures caused by relatively low 
oil prices. Should international oil prices continue to remain at current levels for an extended period or fall 
significantly, this will be likely to continue to adversely affect Kuwait’s economy. Additionally, although the 
CBK has the ability to offset the components of the undisclosed weighted basket of international currencies of

--- Page 29 ---
15 
 
Kuwait’s major trade and financial partner countries against which the dinar is pegged (the “KD Basket”), 
there can be no assurance that the CBK will maintain the KD Basket at its current level, which could lead to 
higher inflation and negatively affect confidence in Kuwait’s economy. 
This, coupled with political and economic developments both within and outside the Middle East (which are 
known to have a significant impact on the volatile prices of oil and other hydrocarbon products due to changes 
in market confidence and inter-relationships within the global financial markets) and the implementation by the 
Government of restrictive fiscal or monetary policies or regulations (including changes with respect to interest 
rates, new legal interpretations of existing regulations or the introduction of taxation or exchange controls), 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of operations and 
prospects. 
The Group’s business may be impacted by ongoing unrest in the Middle East 
Many of the Group’s customers are, and a significant part of its business is, based in Kuwait. The Group intends 
to continue to focus on growing its business in Kuwait in the near future. The 1990 invasion of Kuwait by Iraqi 
forces and the subsequent U.S.-led coalition to remove Iraqi forces has had a lingering effect on Kuwait’s 
perception in the region as a vulnerable country, surrounded by aggressive neighbours. In December 2021, the 
Central Bank of Iraq announced its payment of the final portion of the reparations valued at U.S.$44 million 
bringing the total to U.S.$52.4 billion in reparations. Full diplomatic relations with the Republic of Iraq have 
since been restored. Since the beginning of 2011, there has been political unrest in a range of countries that are 
located in the same region as Kuwait, including Syria, Iraq, Egypt, Turkey, Bahrain, Algeria, Libya, Iran, 
Lebanon, Jordan, Palestine, Tunisia, the Republic of Sudan, Somalia and Yemen. This unrest, which has ranged 
from public demonstrations to, in extreme cases, armed conflict and civil war, has led to the collapse of political 
regimes in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya and civil war and armed conflict in Syria, Libya, Iraq and Yemen. It has 
also given rise to significantly increased political uncertainty across the region. This situation has caused 
significant disruption to the economies of affected countries and has had a destabilising effect on international 
oil and gas prices. There remain ongoing tensions between the United States and Iran, which were heightened 
in January 2020 following the killing of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani by a United States drone strike and 
retaliatory attacks by Iran on United States military bases in the Republic of Iraq. Additionally, in June 2017, a 
number of MENA countries, including the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, the Kingdom 
of Bahrain and Egypt, severed diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar, citing its alleged support for 
terrorism and accusing the State of Qatar of creating instability in the region. The termination of diplomatic 
relations included the withdrawal of ambassadors and imposing trade and travel bans. The three-year embargo 
came to an end in January 2021 with diplomatic relations with the State of Qatar being reinstated following the 
signing of the Al Ula Agreement by the United Arab Emirates, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the State of Qatar, 
the Kingdom of Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman and Egypt. In Yemen, fighting between the Saudi-led coalition and 
Iranian-backed Houthi rebels in Yemen continues to affect and destabilise the region. In February 2021, Houthi 
rebels launched an offensive to seize Marib, the last stronghold of Yemen’s internationally recognised 
government. In March 2021, Houthi rebels conducted missile airstrikes in Saudi Arabia, including targeting oil 
tankers and facilities and international airports, and in January 2022, a drone attack claimed by Yemen’s Houthi 
rebels targeting a key oil facility in Abu Dhabi killed three people and sparked a fire at Abu Dhabi’s international 
airport. Further, the Lebanese liquidity crisis is an ongoing financial crisis affecting all the sectors of its 
economy and which became fully apparent in August 2019, and was further exacerbated by both COVID-19 
and the Beirut port explosion in 2020. The shortage of U.S. dollars, which are used in everyday transactions in 
Lebanon, and the crash in the value of the Lebanese pound have undercut the country’s ability to pay for 
imports, including essentials such as wheat and oil. 
Wars, acts of terrorism and uncertain political or economic prospects or instability in Kuwait or the wider 
MENA region may adversely impact regional financial markets and the Group’s business. Any renewed protests

--- Page 30 ---
16 
 
in the MENA region could lead to significant political uncertainty. Financial market and political uncertainty 
in the MENA region could decrease the Group’s depositors’ accounts or its customers’ demand for Islamic 
financing facilities or other products offered by the Group. Continued instability in the MENA region could 
impact the Group’s MENA-based operations and investments and could materially impact the financial 
prospects and condition of its MENA-based customers. These factors could result in decreased asset values and 
increased provisions for the Group. Such instability could also negatively affect the value of the Group’s 
investments in affected countries. 
Rising inflation, or deflation, may adversely affect the Group’s profitability 
Kuwait has, at times since 1990, experienced both high levels of inflation and short periods of deflation. High 
inflation could slow the rate of economic growth and consumer spending in Kuwait. A deflationary environment 
in Kuwait could also adversely affect the Group’s profitability by adversely affecting property values, which 
could have an adverse effect on the Group’s real estate financing portfolio. There can be no assurance that the 
Government and the CBK will be able to achieve or maintain price stability, in the real estate market or 
otherwise, and thus control inflation. High inflation could impact consumer and government spending which 
may result in a slowdown in the business environment in Kuwait which, in turn, could potentially impact the 
credit risk position of the Group. Similarly, deflation could reduce cash flows of the Group’s customers which, 
in turn, may impact their ability to make payments to the Group when due. Deflation could also reduce the 
Group’s profit rate margins due to a low-rate environment. According to the KSB, consumer prices have 
increased by 4.30 per cent. from December 2020 to December 2021. 
Kuwait may introduce VAT 
Although Kuwait does not currently impose value-added tax (“VAT”) on the sale of goods or services, there is 
a risk that this may change. Investors should be aware that the GCC states, including Kuwait, have agreed to 
the implementation of a GCC-wide VAT framework, to be introduced at a rate of 5 per cent. (the 
“Framework”). The national legislation in Kuwait implementing the Framework is yet to be promulgated and 
no Kuwait-specific details of the regime have been released as at the date of this Prospectus. Therefore, although 
the Kuwait parliament has indicated that it will postpone its introduction of VAT, it is impossible to state with 
any accuracy if, and when, VAT will be introduced in Kuwait, and the terms and conditions of such VAT. 
Furthermore, the introduction of VAT could have a more widespread economic impact, for example, reducing 
the levels of disposable income of the Group’s customers which could negatively impact demand for the 
Group’s services. It is possible that, once VAT is introduced in Kuwait, the Group’s costs would increase and 
its future profitability could be negatively affected.  
Kuwait may introduce corporate income tax 
As a matter of practice, though not codified law, the Group is currently not subject to corporate income tax on 
its earnings within Kuwait, although there is no guarantee that this will continue to be the case. On 14 March 
2016, the Kuwait Cabinet of Ministers approved plans to implement a corporate tax of 10 per cent. on the annual 
profits of Kuwaiti incorporated entities (the “Proposed Corporate Income Tax”), which may be applicable to 
the Group for future financial years. As at the date of this Prospectus, the Proposed Corporate Income Tax does 
not have the force of law until such time as it has been ratified by the Kuwaiti Parliament, signed by the Emir 
and published in the Official Gazette. It is currently uncertain as to whether the Proposed Corporate Income 
Tax will be promulgated into law in the form in which it has been proposed by the Cabinet of Ministers, or at 
all.  
If the Kuwaiti authorities impose new tax regimes on the Group (whether in the form of the Proposed Corporate 
Income Tax or otherwise), or introduce any other changes in tax laws which make doing business in Kuwait 
less attractive, this may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. The proposed imposition of a tax on corporate earnings, if implemented and applied

--- Page 31 ---
17 
 
to the Group’s operations in Kuwait, would also reduce its profits available for distribution to shareholders 
through dividends. 
Kuwait and other GCC legal systems continue to develop and this may create an uncertain 
environment for investment and business activity 
Kuwait and the other GCC countries are in various stages of developing legal and regulatory institutions that 
are characteristic of more developed markets. As a result, procedural safeguards as well as formal regulations 
and laws may not be applied consistently. In some circumstances it may not be possible to obtain the legal 
remedies provided under the relevant laws and regulations in a timely manner. However, Kuwait (together with 
other countries in the GCC region) have enacted measures to promote greater efficiency and certainty within 
its legal and regulatory systems. Among those measures, Kuwait and countries within the GCC region have 
assumed obligations under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (the “GATT”) (as administered by the 
World Trade Organisation (the “WTO”) and Kuwait has enacted legislation, inter alia, to extend foreign 
ownership of businesses. However, Kuwait may experience changes in its economy and government policies 
(including, without limitation, policies relating to the continued extension of the rights of foreign ownership 
pursuant to Kuwait's GATT/WTO obligations) that may affect the rights of Certificateholders. 
As the legal environment remains subject to continuous development, investors in Kuwait and the other GCC 
countries may face uncertainty as to the security of their investments. Any unexpected changes in the legal 
systems in Kuwait and the other GCC countries may have a material adverse effect on the rights of 
Certificateholders or on the investments that the Group has made or may make in the future, which may in turn 
have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Investing in securities involving emerging markets generally involves a higher degree of risk  
Investors in emerging markets, such as Kuwait, should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks 
than more developed markets, including, but not limited to, higher volatility, limited liquidity and changes in 
the political and economic environment. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market for securities 
bearing emerging market risk, such as the Certificates, will not be affected negatively by events elsewhere, 
especially in the emerging markets.  
Accordingly, prospective investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must 
determine for themselves whether, in light of those risks, an investment in the Certificates is appropriate. 
Generally, investment in emerging markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the 
significance of the risk involved.  
Risks relating to the Certificates 
Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust 
Deed 
The Bank has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that, in relation to any Series: 
(i) if, at the time of delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking, 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. is in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the 
relevant Wakala Assets, Certificateholder Put Right Wakala Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Wakala 
Assets, as the case may be; and (ii) if, following delivery of an exercise notice in accordance with the provisions 
of the Purchase Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or 
Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of 
the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Bank shall (as an independent, severable and 
separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify (on an after Tax basis) the Trustee for the purpose of 
redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates, Certificateholder Put Right Certificates or Tangibility Event

--- Page 32 ---
18 
 
Put Right Certificates in respect of which the exercise notice is delivered and, accordingly, the amount payable 
under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be. 
Subject to the satisfaction of conditions (i) and (ii) set out in the above paragraph, if the Bank fails to pay the 
relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price 
in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject 
to the matters set out in Condition 13(b) and the terms of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce, inter alia, the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed against the Bank by commencing arbitral 
proceedings. 
However, investors should note that, in the event that Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. does not have actual or 
constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the relevant Wakala Assets comprising the 
Wakala Portfolio at the time of delivery of the exercise notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking (for any reason whatsoever, including because the legal nature of such interest as the Bank may 
have in the relevant Wakala Assets does not amount to actual or constructive possession, custody or control in 
the view of a court or arbitral tribunal of competent jurisdiction), the condition in (i) as described above will 
not be satisfied and, therefore, no amounts will be payable by the Bank under the separate indemnity provisions. 
For the avoidance of doubt, limited investigation has been or will be made by the Trustee, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or the Delegate as to whether the Bank has or will remain in actual or constructive possession, custody 
or control of all or any part of the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio. 
Accordingly, in such event, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may be required to establish that 
there has been a breach of contract by the Bank in order to prove for damages. Such breach of contract may be 
due to: (a) a breach by the Bank of the requirement to purchase the Trustee's interests, rights, title, benefits and 
entitlements in, to and under the relevant Wakala Assets, Certificateholder Put Right Wakala Assets or the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Wakala Assets, as the case may be on the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date or 
Dissolution Date pursuant to the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking; and/or (b) a breach by the Bank 
(acting in its capacity as Service Agent pursuant to the provisions of the Service Agency Agreement) of its 
undertaking to maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Wakala Assets 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contract. 
As a result, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may not be able to recover, or may face significant 
challenges in recovering, an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, and, in turn, the amount payable to the 
Certificateholders upon redemption. 
The Certificates are limited recourse obligations of the Trustee 
The Certificates of a Series are not debt obligations of the Trustee, instead, each Certificate represents an 
undivided ownership interest in the Trust Assets relating to that Series. Recourse to the Trustee is limited to the 
Trust Assets of the relevant Series and the proceeds of the Trust Assets of the relevant Series are the sole source 
of payments on the Certificates of that Series. Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, or in the case of any 
other dissolution pursuant to the Conditions, the sole rights of the Trustee and/or the Delegate (acting on behalf 
of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series of Certificates) will be against the Bank to perform its obligations 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Certificateholders will have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee (other than the Trust Assets in the manner 
and to the extent contemplated by the Transaction Documents) or the Delegate in respect of any shortfall in the 
expected amounts due on the Certificates. The Bank is obliged to make certain payments under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party directly to the Trustee, and the Trustee and/or the Delegate will have direct 
recourse against the Bank to recover such payments due to the Trustee pursuant to the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 33 ---
19 
 
In addition, no Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the Bank unless the 
Delegate or the Trustee, as the case may be, having become bound so to proceed (i) fails to do so within 30 days 
or (ii) is unable for any reason (including by reason of an order of a court having competent jurisdiction) to do 
so, and in each case such failure or inability is continuing. 
After enforcing or realising the rights in respect of the Trust Assets in respect of a Series of Certificates and 
distributing the net proceeds of such Trust Assets in accordance with Condition 5(b), the Master Trust Deed and 
the Agency Agreement, the obligations of the Trustee and/or the Delegate in respect of that Series of Certificates 
shall be satisfied and neither the Trustee nor the Delegate nor any Certificateholder may take any further steps 
against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to receive any such 
sums unpaid shall be extinguished. Furthermore, under no circumstances shall the Trustee, the Delegate or any 
Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of any of the Trust Assets other than as 
contemplated in the Purchase Undertaking and the sole right of the Trustee and the Delegate and, through the 
Delegate, the Certificateholders of the relevant Series of Certificates against the Bank shall be to enforce the 
obligation of the Bank to pay the relevant exercise price under the Purchase Undertaking and otherwise perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party in accordance with the terms thereof. 
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, 
the Trust Assets (which, as described above, will be by way of enforcing each of the Trustee’s and the Bank’s 
respective obligations under the Transaction Documents to which they are a party) will be sufficient to make 
all payments due in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The Certificates may be subject to early redemption 
If the amount payable in respect of the Certificates of any Series is required to be increased to include additional 
amounts and/or the Bank is required to pay additional amounts pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party, in each case as a result of certain changes affecting taxation in a Relevant Jurisdiction, the Bank 
shall be entitled to require the Trustee to redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, upon giving notice 
in accordance with Condition 9(b). In addition, if so provided in the applicable Final Terms, a Series may also 
be redeemed early at the option of the Bank pursuant to Condition 9(c). The Trustee may also exercise its Clean 
Up (Call) Right to redeem the Certificates early (in whole but not in part) if 75 per cent. of the Certificates of 
the relevant Series then outstanding have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 9(e). Any such early 
redemption feature of any Certificate is likely to limit its market value. 
During any period when the Bank elects to require the Trustee to redeem the Certificates (whether pursuant to 
Condition 9(b) or Condition 9(c) or 9(e)), the market value of those Certificates generally will not rise 
substantially above the Dissolution Distribution Amount payable. This also may be true prior to any other 
Dissolution Date. 
In the case of Certificates with an optional dissolution feature pursuant to Condition 9(c), the Bank may elect 
to require the Trustee to redeem such Certificates when its cost of financing is lower than the Profit Rate on the 
Certificates. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to re-invest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective profit rate as high as the Profit Rate on the Certificates being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Prospective investors should consider re-investment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The occurrence of a Tangibility Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
value of the Certificates 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, the Certificateholders will be promptly notified that: (a) a Tangibility Event has 
occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and evidence of, such occurrence; (b) as determined 
in consultation with the Bank’s Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board, the Certificates shall only be tradeable 
in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading; (c) on the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility

--- Page 34 ---
20 
 
Event Put Right Date (or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day (being, for this 
purpose, a day on which the stock exchange on which the Certificates have been admitted to trading is open for 
business)), the Certificates will be delisted from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have 
been admitted to trading; and (d) the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period the holder of any 
Certificates shall have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. Upon receipt of such 
notice, the Certificateholders may elect to redeem all or any of their Certificates in accordance with the 
Conditions. Accordingly, a Tangibility Event may have a significant adverse effect on the liquidity and market 
value of the Certificates. 
Investors must make their own determination as to Shari’a compliance 
The Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board of the Bank and the Global Shariah Supervisory Committee of 
Standard Chartered Bank have each confirmed that the Transaction Documents and the issue and trading of the 
Certificates of any Series are, in their view, in compliance with Shari’a principles as applicable to, and 
interpreted by, them. However, there can be no assurance that the Transaction Documents or the issue and 
trading of the Certificates of any Series will be deemed to be Shari’a compliant by any other Shari’a board or 
Shari’a scholars. None of the Trustee, the Bank, the Arrangers, the Dealers, the Delegate or the Agents makes 
any representation as to the Shari’a compliance of the Transaction Documents or the issue and trading of the 
Certificates of any Series and potential investors are reminded that, as with any Shari’a views, differences in 
opinion are possible. Potential investors should not rely on the above pronouncements in deciding whether to 
make an investment in the Certificates and should obtain their own independent Shari’a advice as to whether 
the Transaction Documents, the Certificates and the issue and trading of Certificates will meet their individual 
standards of compliance with Shari’a principles, and should also make their own determination as to the future 
tradability of the Certificates on any secondary market. In addition, none of the Delegate, the Arrangers, the 
Dealers or the Agents will have any responsibility for monitoring or ensuring compliance with any Shari'a 
principles of debt trading referred to in Condition 9(e), nor shall any of them be liable to any Certificateholder 
or any other person in respect thereof. Questions as to the Shari’a compliance of the Transaction Documents or 
the Shari’a permissibility of the Transaction Documents or the issue and trading of the Certificates of any Series 
may limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market value of the Certificates. 
In addition, prospective investors are reminded that the enforcement of any obligations of any of the parties 
under the Transaction Documents would be, if in dispute, the subject of arbitration under the Rules. In such 
circumstances, the arbitrator should apply the governing law of the relevant Transaction Document in 
determining the obligations of the parties. 
Shari’a requirements in relation to interest awarded by an arbitrator 
In accordance with applicable Shari’a principles, each of the Trustee and the Delegate will waive all and any 
entitlement it may have to interest awarded in its favour by any arbitrator in connection with any dispute under 
any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. Should there be any delay in the enforcement of an 
arbitral award against the Bank, interest may well accrue in respect of that delay and, as a result of the waiver 
referred to above, Certificateholders will not be entitled to receive any part of such interest. Certificateholders 
should note that the Trust Assets specifically exclude any rights which have been expressly waived by the 
Trustee in any of the Transaction Documents (which, to the extent applicable, would extend to any award of 
interest made in favour of the Trustee by an arbitrator in respect of a dispute). 
There can be no assurance as to the impact of a change in the laws governing the Certificates or the 
Transaction Documents 
The structure of each issue of Certificates under the Programme is based on English law and Kuwaiti law and 
administrative practices in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the 
impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English or Kuwaiti law or administrative practices in any

--- Page 35 ---
21 
 
such jurisdiction after the date of this Base Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such 
change could adversely affect the ability of the Bank to make payments under the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party and/or the Trustee to make payments under any Series of Certificates, or the ability of the 
Trustee or the Bank to otherwise comply with their respective obligations under the Certificates and the 
Transaction Documents to which they are a party. 
Certificates are subject to modification by a majority of the Certificateholders of a Series without the 
consent of all of the Certificateholders 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for calling meetings of the Certificateholders (including by way of 
conference call or by use of a telephony or electronic platform or facility) to consider and vote upon matters 
affecting their interests generally, or to pass resolutions in writing or through the use of electronic consents. In 
addition, the Master Trust Deed contains provisions for obtaining written resolutions on matters relating to the 
Certificates from holders without calling a meeting. A written resolution signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding shall, for all purposes, take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. 
In certain circumstances, where the Certificates are held in global form in the clearing systems, the Trustee, the 
Bank and the Delegate (as the case may be) will be entitled to rely upon: 
(a) 
where the terms of the proposed resolution have been notified through the relevant clearing system(s), 
approval of a resolution proposed by the Trustee, the Bank or the Delegate (as the case may be) given 
by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the 
relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures (in a form 
satisfactory to the Delegate) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate face 
amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; and 
(b) 
where electronic consent is not being sought, consent or instructions given in writing directly to the 
Trustee, the Bank or the Delegate (as the case may be) by (a) accountholders in the clearing systems 
with entitlements to such global certificate or (b), where the accountholders hold such entitlement on 
behalf of another person, on written consent from or written instruction by the person for whom such 
entitlement is ultimately beneficially held (directly or via one or more intermediaries). For the purposes 
of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or instruction, the Trustee, the Bank and the 
Delegate (as the case may be) shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in 
the case of (a) above, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant alternative clearing 
system (the “relevant clearing system”) and, in the case of (b) above, the relevant clearing system and 
the accountholder identified by the relevant clearing system for the purposes of (b) above. 
A written resolution or an electronic consent as described above may be effected in connection with any matter 
affecting the interests of Certificateholders, including the modification of the Conditions, that would otherwise 
be required to be passed at a meeting of Certificateholders satisfying the special quorum in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Trust Deed, and shall for all purposes take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution passed 
at a meeting of Certificateholders duly convened and held. 
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series (including 
Certificateholders who did not attend or vote at the relevant meeting, Certificateholders who did not sign a 
written resolution, Certificateholders who do not participate in any electronic consents sought by the Trustee, 
as well as Certificateholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority). 
The Master Trust Deed also provides that the Delegate may (or in the case of paragraph (b) shall), without the 
consent or sanction of Certificateholders (a) agree to any modification of the Trust Deed (including the 
Conditions) or any other Transaction Document or the Trustee’s memorandum and articles of association that

--- Page 36 ---
22 
 
(in the opinion of the Delegate) is of a formal, minor or technical nature, or is made to correct a manifest error, 
(b) agree to any modification to the Trust Deed (including the Conditions) or any other Transaction Document 
to effect any Benchmark Amendments (in the circumstances and as set out in Condition 8(c)), or (c)(i) give its 
consent under the Transaction Documents and agree to any other modification of the Trust Deed (including the 
Conditions) or any other Transaction Document or the Trustee’s memorandum and articles of association, or to 
any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of any of the provisions of the Trust Deed or any 
of the other Transaction Documents or (ii) determine that any Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event 
shall not be treated as such, provided in each case that such modification, consent, waiver, authorisation or 
determination is in the opinion of the Delegate not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders 
and not in contravention of any express direction by Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing by the 
holders of at least 20 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of the relevant Series then 
outstanding and, in the case of modifications referred to in paragraph (c)(i) above, other than in respect of a 
matter which requires a special quorum resolution (as defined in the Master Trust Deed). Any such modification, 
consent, waiver, authorisation or determination may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if 
any) as the Delegate may determine and shall be binding on the Certificateholders and shall be notified by the 
Trustee to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as practicable thereafter. 
The Delegate may request that the Certificateholders provide an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-
funding to its satisfaction 
Pursuant to the Conditions and the Master Trust Deed, the Delegate may, in certain circumstances, request the 
Certificateholders to provide an indemnity and/or security and/or pre-funding to its satisfaction before it takes 
any action on behalf of Certificateholders. The Delegate shall not be obliged to take any such actions if not 
indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. Negotiating and agreeing to any indemnity 
and/or security and/or pre-funding can be a lengthy process and may have an impact on when such actions can 
be taken. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Bank, the Programme or the 
Certificates. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the transaction structure, the 
market, the additional factors discussed above, or any other factors that may affect the value of the Certificates. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or 
withdrawn by the assigning rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction may also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by 
an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU third country rating agency is certified in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended) subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances. The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in accordance with the EU 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and the 
publication of the updated ESMA list. Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings 
is set out on the cover of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency

--- Page 37 ---
23 
 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by non-UK 
credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK registered credit rating 
agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, certification or endorsement, 
as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period of time, transitional relief 
accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-2021 ratings, provided the 
relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Certificates changes, relevant regulated investors may no longer be 
able to use the rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Certificates may have 
a different regulatory treatment. This may result in relevant regulated investors selling the Certificates which 
may impact the value of the Certificates and any secondary market. 
Interest or profit rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Certificates involves the risk that if market interest or profit rates subsequently 
increase above the Profit Rate paid on the Fixed Rate Certificates, this will adversely affect the value of the 
Fixed Rate Certificates. 
Certificates with variable Profit Rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related features, 
their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
The Certificates may be subject to exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
Neither the Trustee nor the Bank has any control over factors that generally affect exchange rate risks, such as 
economic, financial and political events, and the supply and demand for applicable currencies. In recent years, 
exchange rates between certain currencies have been volatile and volatility between such currencies or with 
other currencies may be expected in future. 
The Trustee will pay all amounts due on any Certificates, and the Bank will make any payments pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the Specified Currency. If an investor’s financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified 
Currency, such investor may therefore bear certain exchange rate risks. These include the risks that: (a) 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency); and (b) authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls which could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. Any 
appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Certificates; (ii) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the 
Dissolution Distribution Amount payable in respect of the Certificates; and (iii) the Investor’s Currency-
equivalent market value of the Certificates. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate as well as the availability of a specified foreign currency at the 
time of any payment of any amounts on a Certificate. As a result, investors may receive less than expected, or 
no payment at all. Even if there are no actual exchange controls, it is possible that the Specified Currency for 
any particular Certificate would not be available at such Certificate’s maturity. 
A secondary market may not develop or be maintained for the Certificates 
There is no assurance that a market for the Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does develop, that it 
will provide the Certificateholders with liquidity of investment or that it will continue for the life of such 
Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy its Certificates easily or at

--- Page 38 ---
24 
 
prices that will provide a desired yield. The market value of the Certificates may fluctuate and a lack of liquidity, 
in particular, can have a material adverse effect on the market value of the Certificates. Accordingly, the 
purchase of the Certificates is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks associated with a lack of 
liquidity in the Certificates and the financial and other risks associated with an investment in the Certificates. 
An investor in Certificates must be prepared to hold the relevant Certificates for an indefinite period of time or 
until their maturity. Whilst an application has been made for the listing of certain Series to be issued under the 
Programme on Euronext Dublin, there can be no assurance that any such listing will occur or will enhance the 
liquidity of the Certificates of the relevant Series. 
Certificates which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified 
Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade 
In relation to any issue of Certificates which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Certificates may 
be traded in amounts in excess of such minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case, a Certificateholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, 
holds a face amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination, would need to purchase an additional 
amount of Certificates such that it holds an amount equal to at least the minimum Specified Denomination to 
be able to trade such Certificates. Certificateholders should be aware that Certificates which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
A Certificateholder who holds an amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in his 
account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may not receive a definitive Certificate in respect 
of such holding (should definitive Certificates be printed) and would need to purchase a face amount of 
Certificates such that its holding amounts to at least a Specified Denomination in order to be eligible to receive 
a definitive Certificate. If definitive Certificates are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Certificates 
which have a denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may also 
be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Emerging markets 
Investors in emerging markets should be aware that emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including, in some cases, significant legal, economic and political risks. Accordingly, 
investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves 
whether, in light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging markets is 
only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risk involved. 
Investors in the Certificates must rely on Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg procedures 
Each Series of Certificates issued under the Programme will be represented on issue by a Global Certificate 
that may be deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the limited circumstances described in each Global Certificate, 
investors will not be entitled to receive Certificates in definitive form. Each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their respective direct and indirect participants will maintain records of the interests in each 
Global Certificate held through it. While the Certificates of each Series are represented by a Global Certificate, 
investors will be able to trade their interests only through the relevant clearing systems and their respective 
participants, and the Trustee will discharge its payment obligations under the relevant Series of Certificates by 
making payments through the relevant clearing systems. A holder of an interest in a Global Certificate must 
rely on the procedures of the relevant clearing system and its participants in relation to payments under the 
relevant Series of Certificates. The Trustee has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, interests in any Global Certificate. Holders of interests in a Global Certificate will

--- Page 39 ---
25 
 
not have a direct right to vote in respect of the Certificates so represented. Instead, such holders will be permitted 
to act only to the extent that they are enabled by the relevant clearing system and its participants to appoint 
appropriate proxies. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Certificates linked to or 
referencing such “benchmarks” 
Reference rates and indices, including profit rate benchmarks, which are used to determine the amounts payable 
under financial instruments or the value of such financial instruments (“Benchmarks”), have, in recent years, 
been the subject of political and regulatory scrutiny as to how they are created and operated. This has resulted 
in regulatory reform and changes to existing Benchmarks, with further changes anticipated. These reforms and 
changes may cause a Benchmark to perform differently than it has done in the past or to be discontinued. Any 
change in the performance of a Benchmark or its discontinuation could have a material adverse effect on any 
Certificates referencing or linked to such Benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the profit rate on 
Floating Rate Certificates which reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the 
fall-back provisions applicable to such Certificates set out in the Conditions. Where Screen Rate Determination 
not Referencing SOFR is specified as the manner in which the Profit Rate in respect of Floating Rate Certificates 
is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Profit Rate shall be determined by reference to the Relevant 
Screen Page (or its successor or replacement). In circumstances where such original Reference Rate is 
discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. 
Where the Relevant Screen Page is not available, and no successor or replacement for the Relevant Screen Page 
is available, the Conditions provide for the Profit Rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference 
to quotations from banks communicated to the Calculation Agent. 
Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if the relevant banks are not submitting rates for 
the determination of such Reference Rate), the Profit Rate may ultimately revert to the Profit Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Profit Rate Determination Date before the Reference Rate was discontinued. Uncertainty 
as to the continuation of the Reference Rate, the availability of quotes from reference banks, and the rate that 
would be applicable if the Reference Rate is discontinued may adversely affect the value of, and return on, the 
Floating Rate Certificates. 
Where the relevant Final Terms specify that paragraph (2) of Condition 8(c)(1) (Periodic Distribution Amounts 
– Benchmark Replacement – Reference Rate other than SOFR) is applicable, the Conditions provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if a public statement is made by 
the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate has materially changed.  
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Profit Rate (or the relevant component thereof) could 
be set by reference to a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Reference 
Rate to be used in place of the Reference Rate, with or without the application of an Adjustment Spread, and 
may include amendments to the Conditions, the Master Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document to 
ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, all as 
determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonably manner), 
following consultation with the Trustee and the Bank and without any requirement for the consent or sanction 
of the relevant Certificateholders. The application of an Adjustment Spread may result in the Certificates 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Profit Rate) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread can be determined, a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Profit Rate. The use of any such

--- Page 40 ---
26 
 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to determine the Profit Rate is likely to result in Certificates 
initially linked to or referencing the relevant Reference Rate performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower Profit Rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current 
form. In addition, the market (if any) for Certificates linked to any such Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate may be less liquid than the market for Certificates linked to the relevant Reference Rate. 
The choice of replacement Benchmark is uncertain and could result in the use of risk free rates such as SOFR 
(see “—The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including SOFR) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Certificates” below) and/or in the replacement Benchmark being unavailable or indeterminable. 
In the case of Floating Rate Certificates which reference SOFR where paragraph (2) of Condition 8(c) (Periodic 
Distribution Amounts – Benchmark Replacement) is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms where 
the Bank determines that a SOFR Benchmark Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred, a Benchmark Replacement (as determined in accordance with paragraph (2) of Condition 8(c) 
(Periodic Distribution Amounts – Benchmark Replacement)) will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to such Certificates in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations on 
all subsequent dates. Such Benchmark Replacement may result in the Certificates behaving differently (which 
may include payment of a lower Profit Rate). 
Where ISDA Determination is specified as the manner in which the Profit Rate in respect of Floating Rate 
Certificates is to be determined, the Conditions provide that the Profit Rate in respect of the Certificates shall 
be determined by reference to the relevant Floating Rate Option in the 2006 ISDA Definitions. Where the 
Floating Rate Option specified is an “IBOR” Floating Rate Option, the Profit Rate may be determined by 
reference to the relevant screen rate or the rate determined on the basis of quotations from certain banks. If the 
relevant IBOR is permanently discontinued and the relevant screen rate or quotations from banks (as applicable) 
are not available, the operation of these provisions may lead to uncertainty as to the Profit Rate that would be 
applicable, and may, adversely affect the value of, and return on, the Floating Rate Certificates. 
The Trustee and the Bank may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser may 
not be able to determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate in accordance with the terms and 
conditions of the Certificates 
If the Trustee and the Bank are unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate for the life of the relevant Certificates, the initial 
Profit Rate, or the Profit Rate which applied to the last preceding Periodic Distribution Period, will continue to 
apply to maturity (subject to the application of such Margin or Maximum or Minimum Profit Rates as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). This will result in the relevant Floating Rate Certificates, in effect, 
becoming fixed rate Certificates. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as 
applicable) is determined before the next Profit Rate Determination Date, the Profit Rate for the next succeeding 
Periodic Distribution Period will be the Profit Rate applicable as at the last preceding Profit Rate Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, or, where the Benchmark Event occurs before the first 
Profit Rate Determination Date, the Profit Rate will be the initial Profit Rate (though substituting, where a 
different Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate is to be applied to the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Period from that which applied to the last preceding Periodic Distribution Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to that last preceding Periodic Distribution 
Period). Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates, 
the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk 
that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.

--- Page 41 ---
27 
 
Where no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined in respect of any given 
Periodic Distribution Period, the Trustee and the Bank will continue to attempt to appoint an Independent 
Adviser in a timely manner before the next succeeding Profit Rate Determination Date to determine a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Reference Rate to apply the next succeeding and any subsequent Periodic Distribution 
Periods, as necessary.  
Applying the initial Profit Rate, or the Profit Rate applicable as at the last preceding Profit Rate Determination 
Date before the occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Certificates linked to or referencing 
the relevant benchmark performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Profit Rate) than they 
would do if the relevant benchmark were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative Reference 
Rate could be determined. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including SOFR) as reference rates for 
Floating Rate Certificates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates, such as the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), as reference rates in the capital markets for sterling or U.S. dollar bonds, 
as applicable, and their adoption as alternatives to the relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market 
participants and relevant working groups are still exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, 
including various ways to produce term versions of certain risk-free rates (which seek to measure the market’s 
forward expectation of an average of these reference rates over a designated term, as they are overnight rates) 
or different measures of such risk-free rates. For example, on 2 March 2020, the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York, as administrator of SOFR, began publishing the SOFR Compounded Index. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Certificates that reference such risk-free rates issued 
under this Programme. The Trustee may in the future also issue Certificates referencing SOFR that differ 
materially in terms of profit determination when compared with any SOFR referenced Certificates issued by it 
under this Programme. The development of risk-free rates for the international debt capital markets could result 
in reduced liquidity or increased volatility, or could otherwise affect the market price of any Certificates that 
reference a risk-free rate issued under this Programme from time to time. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the international debt capital markets 
may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as 
the derivatives and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption 
of such reference rates in the bond, sukuk loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other 
financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Certificates referencing such risk-free rates. 
The use of risk-free rates as reference rates in the international debt capital markets is nascent, and may be 
subject to change and development in terms of the methodology used to calculate such rates, the development 
of rates based on risk-free rates and the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of sukuk referencing risk-free rates. In particular, investors should be aware that several different 
methodologies have been used in sukuk linked to such risk-free rates issued to date and no assurance can be 
given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the 
Certificates, will gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, the methodology for determining any 
overnight rate index used to determine the Profit Rate in respect of certain Certificates could change during the 
life of such Certificates. 
Certificates referencing risk-free rates may also have no established trading market when issued, and an 
established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for sukuk referencing 
such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in profit rate provisions, may evolve over time,

--- Page 42 ---
28 
 
and trading prices of such Certificates may be lower than those of later-issued indexed debt securities as a result. 
Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not prove to be widely used in securities like the Certificates, the 
trading price of such Certificates linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Certificates 
referencing indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Certificates may not be able to sell such 
Certificates at all or may not be able to sell such Certificates at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may consequently suffer from 
increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Certain administrators of risk-free rates have published hypothetical and actual historical performance data. 
Hypothetical data inherently includes assumptions, estimates and approximations and actual historical 
performance data may be limited in the case of certain risk-free rates. Investors should not rely on hypothetical 
or actual historical performance data as an indicator of the future performance of such risk-free rates. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Certificates 
which reference SOFR. 
Risk-free rates differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects and have a limited 
history 
Risk-free rates may differ from interbank offered rates in a number of material respects, including (without 
limitation) by being backwards-looking in most cases, calculated on a compounded or weighted average basis, 
risk-free, overnight rates and, in the case of SOFR, secured, whereas such interbank offered rates are generally 
expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term, are unsecured and include a risk-element based on interbank 
financing. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially differently to interbank 
offered rates as reference rates for the Certificates.  
SOFR is a recently established risk-free rate, and has a limited history. For that reason the future performance 
of SOFR may be difficult to predict based on its limited historical performance. The level of SOFR during the 
term of the Certificates may bear little or no relation to historical levels. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the 
behaviour of market variables and their relation to SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future. Since 
publication of SOFR began, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes 
in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Furthermore, profit on Certificates which reference SOFR, a backwards-looking risk-free rate, is only capable 
of being determined immediately prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Payment Date. It may be difficult 
for investors in Certificates which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of profit which 
will be payable on such Certificates, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such Certificates 
without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity of such Certificates. 
Further, in contrast to Certificates linked to interbank offered rates, if Certificates referencing backwards-
looking SOFR become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not a Periodic 
Distribution Date, the final Profit Rate payable in respect of such Certificates shall be determined by reference 
to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Certificates become due and payable 
or are scheduled for redemption. 
The administrator of SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SOFR or discontinue 
SOFR 
As SOFR is published and calculated by third parties based on data received from other sources, the Trustee 
and the Bank have no control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that 
SOFR will not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests 
of investors in Floating Rate Certificates linked to or which reference SOFR (or that any applicable benchmark 
fallback provisions provided for in the Conditions will provide a rate which is economically equivalent for

--- Page 43 ---
29 
 
Certificateholders). The Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or its successors) as administrator of SOFR may 
make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SOFR, including changes related to the 
method by which SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SOFR, 
or timing related to the publication of SOFR. In addition, an administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend 
calculation or dissemination of SOFR, in which case a fallback method of determining the profit rate on the 
Certificates will apply in accordance with the Conditions (see “The regulation and reform of benchmarks may 
adversely affect the value of Certificates referencing such benchmarks”). The administrator of SOFR has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Certificateholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SOFR. If the manner in which SOFR is calculated is changed, that change may result in a 
reduction of the amount of profit payable on such Certificates and the trading price of such Certificates. 
Risks relating to the Sukuk Assets 
Ownership of Wakala Assets 
The Shari’a analysis is as follows: an ownership interest in the Wakala Assets comprised within the relevant 
Wakala Portfolio should pass to the Trustee under the Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement (together, the “Purchase Agreement”). The Trustee will declare a 
trust in respect of the Wakala Assets and the other Trust Assets in favour of the Certificateholders of the relevant 
Series pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, as supplemented by the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Accordingly, from a Shari’a perspective, Certificateholders should, through the ownership interest obtained by 
the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Agreement, have an undivided ownership interest in the 
relevant Wakala Assets. 
Limited investigation and enquiry will be made and limited due diligence will be conducted in respect of any 
Wakala Assets. The Wakala Assets will be selected by the Bank, and none of the Certificateholders, the Trustee 
or the Delegate will have any ability to influence such selection. Only limited representations will be obtained 
from the Bank in respect of the Wakala Assets (such representations not forming part of the Trust Assets) and 
the precise terms or the nature of the Wakala Assets sold or held will not be disclosed (including whether there 
are any restrictions on transfer of, or any further obligations required to be performed by the Bank to give effect 
to the title in, such Wakala Assets). As such, no investigation has been or will be made as to whether any interest 
in any Wakala Assets may be transferred as a matter of the law governing the Transaction Documents, the law 
of the jurisdiction where such Wakala Assets are located or any other relevant law and no investigation will be 
made to determine if, and no assurances are made as to whether, any Purchase Agreement will have the effect 
of transferring an interest in the relevant Wakala Assets. No steps (including registration, if necessary) are 
intended to be taken to perfect the legal title in the Wakala Assets with any relevant regulatory authority in 
Kuwait or otherwise give notice to any lessee or obligor in respect thereof and limited investigation will be 
made as to whether the Bank is in actual or constructive possession, custody or control of any of the Wakala 
Assets at any time. Therefore, Certificateholders shall not have any legal interest in any Wakala Assets which 
require perfection in order to legally transfer any ownership interest therein.  
Further, although the Shari’a analysis is such that an ownership interest in the Wakala Assets should pass to the 
Trustee under the Purchase Agreement, the Certificateholders will not have any rights of enforcement as against 
the Wakala Assets and their rights are limited to enforcement against the Bank of its obligation to purchase all 
(or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of the Wakala Assets pursuant to the terms of the 
Transaction Documents.  
However, the Bank has covenanted in the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed that, subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions as described above (see “Limitations relating to the indemnity provisions in 
the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed”) if the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put 
Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with

--- Page 44 ---
30 
 
the Purchase Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, the Bank shall (as an independent, severable and 
separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee for the purpose of redemption in full of the 
outstanding Certificates or the relevant Certificates to be redeemed on the relevant date, as the case may be, 
and, accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be. 
If the Bank fails to purchase all (or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of the Wakala Assets in 
accordance with the Purchase Undertaking, the Delegate (on behalf of the Certificateholders) may, subject to 
the matters set out in the Conditions and the terms of the Master Trust Deed, seek to enforce, inter alia, the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the Master Trust Deed against the Bank by commencing arbitration 
proceedings to be administered by the LCIA pursuant to the rules of the LCIA. See "–Risks relating to 
Enforcement – Certificateholders will only be able to enforce their contractual rights under the Transaction 
Documents through arbitration under the Rules and LCIA awards relating to disputes arising under the 
Certificates may not be enforceable in Kuwait". 
In addition, the obligors in respect of the Wakala Assets may have rights of set-off or counterclaim against the 
Bank in respect of such assets. Further, to the extent that a third party is able to establish a direct claim against 
the Trustee, the Delegate or any Certificateholders on the basis of legal or beneficial ownership of any Wakala 
Assets, the Bank has agreed in the Master Trust Deed to indemnify the Trustee and the Delegate (on behalf of 
itself (where applicable) and the Certificateholders) against any such liabilities. However, if the Bank is unable 
to meet its indemnity obligations in relation to any such claims, then the relevant Certificateholders may suffer 
losses in excess of the original face amount invested. 
Risks relating to Enforcement  
The insolvency regime in Kuwait is relatively untested with limited guidance as to how the legislative 
framework will be applied in practice by the courts in Kuwait 
Notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents (other than the Master Purchase Agreement, each 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement and each sale agreement entered into pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking 
or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be) are expressed to be governed by English law, in 
the event of the Bank’s insolvency, the Kuwaiti insolvency law implemented through Law No. 71 of 2020 (the 
“Insolvency Law”) shall apply. It is to be noted that the previous Kuwait bankruptcy regime has recently been 
replaced by the Insolvency Law which has recently come into full force and effect on 25 July 2021. The Kuwait 
bankruptcy regime may, in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, adversely affect the Bank’s ability to perform 
its obligations under the Transaction Documents and, consequently, the Trustee’s ability to perform its 
obligations in respect of any Certificates. Further, obtaining a final bankruptcy judgment in Kuwait may take 
several years. There is little precedent to predict how any claims on behalf of holders of the Certificates, the 
Trustee and/or the Delegate against the Bank would be resolved in the event of the Bank’s insolvency and 
therefore there can be no assurance that holders of the Certificates will receive payment of their claims in full 
or at all in these circumstances. 
There is a risk that the Kuwaiti Courts will assume jurisdiction 
The Transaction Documents each contains a provision to the effect that disputes arising thereunder will be 
referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the London Court of International Arbitration (“LCIA”) 
(the “Rules”). 
Nevertheless, if a claim is brought before the courts of Kuwait (the “Kuwaiti Courts”), the Kuwaiti Courts 
may still accept jurisdiction in any suit, action or proceedings in the situations identified in Articles 23, 24 and 
26 of Kuwait Law No. 38 of 1980 (the Code of Civil and Commercial Procedure), as amended (the “Code”).

--- Page 45 ---
31 
 
These situations include (a) where the defendant in the proceedings expressly or impliedly accepted the 
jurisdiction of the Kuwaiti Courts, (b) where the defendant is a Kuwaiti national or is resident, domiciled or has 
a place of business or a chosen domicile in Kuwait or (c) if such legal proceedings relate to property (movable 
or immovable) located in Kuwait, an obligation is created, executed or required to be performed in Kuwait or 
a bankruptcy is declared in Kuwait. 
There can therefore be no assurance that the Kuwaiti Courts will decline jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute 
under the Transaction Documents, notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents provide that parties have 
agreed that any disputes arising thereunder shall be referred to arbitration under the Rules. The risk that the 
Kuwaiti Courts would assume jurisdiction on the proceedings is reduced, but not eliminated, in the event that, 
(a) the respondent to a claim raises procedural defences as regards the jurisdiction, and (b) the existence of 
previous or simultaneous proceedings in, or res judicata judgments from, a competent jurisdiction outside 
Kuwait, on the subject matter and involving the same disputing parties. The Kuwaiti Courts will not recognise 
or give effect to the choice of the laws of England to govern the Transaction Documents, nor enforce a foreign 
judgment or foreign arbitral award to the extent that any of such laws, judgments or arbitral awards are found 
by the Kuwaiti Courts to be contrary to rules of public order or morality of Kuwait.  
Certificateholders will only be able to enforce their contractual rights under the Transaction 
Documents through arbitration under the Rules and LCIA awards relating to disputes arising under 
the Certificates may not be enforceable in Kuwait 
The payments under the Certificates are dependent upon receipt by the Trustee of all amounts due from the 
Bank under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and payment by the Trustee of all amounts due to 
investors in the manner contemplated under the Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. If the Trustee or, where applicable, the Bank, fails to fulfil its obligations under the Certificates and/or 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, it may be necessary for the Delegate (or, in the limited 
circumstances described in Conditions 13 (Dissolution Events) and 14 (Realisation of Trust Assets), the 
Certificateholders) to bring an action against the Trustee and/or the Bank to enforce their respective obligations 
and/or to claim damages, as appropriate, which may be costly and time consuming. Disputes arising under the 
Certificates and/or the Transaction Documents will be referred to arbitration under the Rules. Certificateholders 
will therefore only have recourse to LCIA arbitration in order to enforce their contractual rights under the 
Certificates, and will not have the right to bring proceedings relating to the Certificates before the English 
courts. 
Kuwait is a party to the 1958 New York Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral 
Awards (the “New York Convention”). A foreign arbitral award will be recognised and enforced in Kuwait 
(without re-trial or examination of the merits of the case) in accordance with the Code. Article 200 of the Code 
provides that foreign arbitral awards are to be recognised and enforced under the same conditions (applied 
mutatis mutandis to foreign arbitral awards) as are applied in respect of the enforcement of foreign judgments 
under Article 199 of the Code (as detailed below) save that, in addition, the subject matter of the award must 
be considered arbitrable under Kuwaiti law and the arbitral award must be enforceable in the jurisdiction in 
which it was rendered. 
Article 199 of the Code requires that: (a) the courts of the jurisdiction by which the judgment was rendered 
must afford reciprocal treatment to judgments rendered in Kuwait; (b) the judgment must be rendered by a 
competent authority according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (c) the parties must have 
been duly summoned to appear and were duly represented at the proceedings; (d) the judgment must be final 
and non-appealable (res judicata) according to the law of the jurisdiction in which it was rendered; (e) the 
judgment must not contradict any prior judgment rendered by a Kuwaiti Court; and, finally (f) the judgment 
must not contain anything in conflict with the general morals or public order of Kuwait.

--- Page 46 ---
32 
 
The requirement to establish reciprocal enforcement under Article 199 of the Code with respect to the 
recognition and enforcement of arbitral awards issued in England is satisfied as England and Kuwait are both 
signatories to the New York Convention. Enforcement of a foreign arbitral award in Kuwait requires the filing 
of an enforcement action in the Kuwaiti Courts. Proceedings before the Kuwaiti Courts, including enforcement 
actions, can take a relatively long time before a final and non-appealable judgment is issued. 
There have not been many occasions in which the Kuwaiti Courts have been asked to consider the enforcement 
of foreign arbitral awards and so (notwithstanding that on those occasions when they have been asked to do so 
they have shown that they will follow the provisions of the Code and enforce an arbitral award) there is not a 
large body of decided cases in which the practical implications of complying with Article 199 of the Code have 
been analysed. 
Risks relating to Taxation 
The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti income tax regime is uncertain, and holders of the 
Certificates which are “non–GCC corporate entities” may become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax 
regime in certain limited circumstances 
Article 150 (bis) of Law No. 7 of 2010 Concerning the Establishment of the Capital Markets Authority and the 
Regulating of Securities Activities (introduced pursuant to Law No. 22 of 2015) (“Article 150 (bis)”) provides 
that returns from bonds, finance sukuk and other similar securities, regardless of the nature of the issuer thereof, 
shall be exempted from taxation. 
While the Kuwait Ministry of Finance has issued Administrative Resolution No. 2028 of 2015 (the 
“Administrative Resolution”), which essentially endorses the provisions of Article 150 (bis), to date, it has 
not provided any further guidance regarding the interpretation of Article 150 (bis) or the Administrative 
Resolution. Similarly, the Kuwaiti Courts (who will be the final arbiters on the matter) have not been required 
to interpret such provision to date. 
Furthermore, the Kuwait Ministry of Finance’s Department of Income Tax (the “DIT”) has to date not always 
adopted consistent rulings on Kuwaiti tax matters more generally. Accordingly, to the extent that the exemption 
afforded by Article 150 (bis) is held not to apply to the Certificates, to a particular Certificateholder or to the 
Trustee, such Certificateholder(s) which are non-GCC corporate entities and/or the Trustee may become subject 
to income tax in Kuwait (see “Taxation — Kuwait” for further details). 
In addition, neither Article 150 (bis) nor the Administrative Resolution address the issue of whether or not there 
remains an obligation, as described under “Taxation – Kuwait – Retention”, to make a deduction of five per 
cent. of the amount of any payments made by the Bank to the Trustee. In the event of any such deduction, the 
Transaction Documents to which the Bank is a party provides that the Bank will pay such additional amounts 
as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no 
withholding, retention or deduction had been made. 
Prospective purchasers of the Certificates are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Kuwaiti and other applicable tax laws of acquiring, holding and disposing of the Certificates and receiving 
payments under the Certificates. 
The value of the Certificates could be adversely affected by a change in tax law 
Statements in this Base Prospectus concerning the taxation of investors are of a general nature, are based upon 
current law and practice in the jurisdictions stated and do not purport to address all tax aspects that may be 
relevant to a Certificateholder. Such law and practice is, in principle, subject to change, possibly with 
retrospective effect, and this could adversely affect investors.

--- Page 47 ---
33 
 
In addition, any change in taxation legislation or in practice in a relevant jurisdiction could adversely impact 
the ability of the Trustee to make payments under the Certificates, the ability of the Bank to make payments 
under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and/or the market value of the Certificates.

--- Page 48 ---
34 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the Central Bank of Ireland: 
(a) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 together 
with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
and 
the 
notes 
thereto 
(available 
at: 
https://boubyan.bankboubyan.com/media/filer_public/b4/57/b457dea1-6e84-47b6-b83e-
f5127642aeee/replace-01_boubyan_bank_fs_31_dec_2021_-_englishpdf.pdf)  
(b) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 together 
with 
the 
audit 
report 
thereon 
and 
the 
notes 
thereto 
(available 
at: 
https://boubyan.bankboubyan.com/media/filer_public/44/cf/44cfd082-37ff-4655-9700-
c745340b772e/01_boubyan_bank_fs_31_dec_2020_-_english-finalpdf.pdf) and 
(c) 
the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates contained on pages 56 to 96 (inclusive) in the base 
prospectus dated 31 October 2019 prepared by the Trustee and the Obligor in connection with the 
Programme (available at: https://boubyan.bankboubyan.com/media/filer_public/20/ef/20ef8be7-e6d0-
4648-be8b-c2ffdb2790c4/boubayn_sukuk_ltd_-_base_prospctus.pdf), 
(together, the “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). 
The Documents Incorporated by Reference shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, 
save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or 
supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified 
or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. Those 
parts of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus which are not specifically incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus are either not relevant for prospective investors in the Certificates or the 
relevant information is included elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. Any documents themselves incorporated by 
reference in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this 
Prospectus. 
Copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the registered 
office of the Trustee and from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent during usual business hours.

--- Page 49 ---
35 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM AND CASH FLOWS 
Set out below is a simplified structure diagram and description of the principal cash flows underlying each 
Series issued. Potential investors are referred to the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out in “Terms 
and Conditions of the Certificates” and the detailed descriptions of the relevant Transaction Documents set out 
in “Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents” for a fuller description of certain cash flows and for an 
explanation of the meaning of certain capitalised terms used below. 
Structure Diagram 
Payments by the Certificateholders and the Trustee 
On the Issue Date of each Tranche of Certificates, the Certificateholders will pay the issue price in respect of 
the Certificates (the “Issue Price”) to the Trustee, and the Trustee will apply as follows: 
(a) 
an amount, which shall be equal to no less than the Wakala Percentage specified in the applicable Final 
Terms of the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates, to the Bank (in its capacity as Seller) as 
the purchase price payable for the purchase from the Bank of all its rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under certain assets (in the case of the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series of Certificates, the “Initial Assets” or, in the case of each subsequent Tranche of such 
Series, the “Additional Assets”) which are further described below; and 
(b) 
the remaining portion (if any) of the proceeds of the relevant Issue Price, which shall be equal to (i) the 
Intangible Asset Percentage specified in the applicable Final Terms of the aggregate face amount of the 
relevant Certificates, less (ii) (to the extent applicable) the value of the intangible sukuk assets 
comprising the Initial Assets or the Additional Assets, as the case may be, as the cost price to purchase 
certain Shari’a compliant commodities (the “Commodities”) through the Trustee’s commodity agent 
for the purpose of selling such Commodities to the Bank (in its capacity as Commodity Buyer) on a 
Commodities 
Deferred Payment 
Price 
Bank 
(as Seller) 
Bank 
(as Service Agentl) 
Bank 
(as Purchaser) 
Bank 
(as Buyer) 
Trustee 
Investors 
(as Certificateholders) 
Master 
Murabaha 
Agreement 
Master Declaration 
of Trust 
Purchaser Undertaking / 
Sale Undertaking 
Service Agency Agreement 
Master Purchase Agreement 
Periodic Distribution 
Amounts and 
Dissolution 
Distribution Amount 
Proceeds of 
Certificates 
Certificates 
Purchase 
Price 
Incentive 
Fee 
Exercise 
Price 
Wakala 
Assets 
Management 
of Wakala 
Portfolio 
Initial 
Asset 
Portfolio
Asset movement 
Cash movement

--- Page 50 ---
36 
 
deferred payment basis for a deferred payment price comprised of the applicable commodity purchase 
price together with the Murabaha Profit Amount specified in an offer notice (the “Deferred Payment 
Price”) payable in instalments on each Periodic Distribution Date and the relevant Dissolution Date(s) 
pursuant to a murabaha contract (the “Murabaha Contract”) and the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(such sale of Shari’a compliant commodities by the Trustee to the Commodity Buyer, the “Commodity 
Murabaha Investment”). 
(c) 
 
In relation to a Series, the Initial Assets, if applicable, the Additional Assets and, if applicable, each Commodity 
Murabaha Investment and all other rights arising under or with respect thereto (including the right to receive 
payment of profit, rental, Deferred Payment Price and any other amounts due in connection therewith) and, at 
any time, the Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues (as defined below) standing to the credit of the Principal 
Collection Account (as defined below) on the relevant date, shall comprise the “Wakala Portfolio” in respect 
of such Series, and the Eligible Assets comprised in such Wakala Portfolio from time to time, the “Wakala 
Assets”. 
The Bank (in its capacity as Seller) shall be required to represent on each date it sells any Initial Assets or 
Additional Assets to the Trustee that such assets are “Eligible Assets” (as defined in “Summary of the Principal 
Transaction Documents”).  
Periodic Distribution Payments 
In relation to a Series, the Service Agent will record: (a) all revenues from the Wakala Portfolio (including all 
profit, rental and other amounts (other than Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues)) received in respect of the 
Wakala Assets and, if applicable, all instalments of the Murabaha Profit Amount comprising the Deferred 
Payment Price payable in respect of the Commodity Murabaha Investment (the “Wakala Portfolio Income 
Revenues”) in a book-entry ledger account (the “Income Collection Account”); and (b) all revenues from the 
Wakala Portfolio in the nature of capital or principal received in respect of the Wakala Assets (the “Wakala 
Portfolio Principal Revenues” and, together with the Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues, the “Wakala 
Portfolio Revenues”) in a book-entry ledger account (the “Principal Collection Account”). 
On each Wakala Distribution Determination Date, the Service Agent shall pay into the relevant Transaction 
Account amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account (after deducting any amounts (i) 
repayable to the Bank or any relevant third party in respect of any Liquidity Facility (as defined below) and (ii) 
payable in respect of any claims, losses, costs or expenses properly incurred or suffered by the Service Agent 
or other payments made by the Service Agent on behalf of the Trustee in providing the services to the Trustee 
pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement (the “Service Agency Liabilities Amounts”)), which is intended to 
fund an amount equal to the aggregate of the Periodic Distribution Amount and any other amounts payable by 
the Trustee under the Certificates of the relevant Series on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date 
(the “Required Amount”) and such Required Amount will be applied by the Trustee for that purpose. 
In the event that the Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues are greater than the Required Amount (after deducting 
the amounts referred to above), the amount of any excess shall be credited by the Service Agent to a separate 
book-entry ledger account (the “Reserve Account”). If the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account on a Wakala Distribution Determination Date is insufficient to fund the Required Amount, the Service 
Agent shall apply amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account towards such shortfall, by paying an 
amount equal to such shortfall (or such lesser amount as is then standing to the credit of the Reserve Account) 
into the Transaction Account. If having applied such amounts from the Reserve Account, there remains a 
shortfall, the Bank may, in its sole discretion, either:

--- Page 51 ---
37 
 
(a) 
provide Shari’a compliant funding to the Trustee itself; or 
(b) 
procure the provision to the Trustee of Shari’a compliant funding from a third party to be paid to the 
Trustee, 
in each case, in an amount equal to the shortfall remaining (if any) on terms that such funding is to be settled 
from Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues received in respect of a subsequent period or on the relevant 
Dissolution Date on which the Certificates of the relevant Series are redeemed in full (each a “Liquidity 
Facility”). 
Dissolution Payments 
On the Payment Business Day prior to the relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts of Deferred Payment Price then outstanding, if any, shall become immediately 
due and payable; and 
(b) 
the Trustee will have the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require the Bank to purchase all of its 
rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under Wakala Assets at the 
relevant Exercise Price, 
and such amounts are intended to fund the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee 
under the Certificates of the relevant Series on the Scheduled Dissolution Date. 
The Certificates in relation to any Series may be redeemed in whole or in part, as the case may be, prior to the 
relevant Scheduled Dissolution Date for the following reasons, in the case of each of (ii) and (iii), if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms: (i) for taxation reasons; (ii) at the option of the Bank; (iii) at the option of the 
Certificateholders; (iv) upon the occurrence of a Tangibility Event, at the option of the Certificateholders; (v) 
upon the exercise of the Clean Up (Call) Right and (vi) following a Dissolution Event. 
In the case of each of (i), (ii) and (v) above, on the Payment Business Day prior to the relevant Dissolution 
Date: 
(a) 
the aggregate amounts (or the applicable portion thereof) of the Deferred Payment Price then 
outstanding, if any, shall become immediately due and payable; and 
(b) 
the Bank will have the right under the Sale and Substitution Undertaking to require the Trustee to sell 
all (or the applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits 
and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets at the relevant Exercise Price or 
Optional Dissolution Exercise Price, as the case may be, 
and such amounts are intended to fund the relevant Dissolution Amount payable by the Trustee under the 
Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant Dissolution Date. 
In the case of each of (iii), (iv) and (vi), such redemption of the Certificates shall be funded in a similar manner 
as for the payment of the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount on the Scheduled Dissolution Date save for, 
on (or, in the case of (iii) and (iv) above, the Payment Business Day prior to) the relevant Dissolution Date: 
(c) 
the aggregate amounts (or the applicable portion thereof) of Deferred Payment Price then outstanding, 
if any, shall become immediately due and payable; and 
(d) 
the Trustee having the right under the Purchase Undertaking to require the Bank to purchase all (or the 
applicable portion thereof, as the case may be) of its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, 
present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets at the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder 
Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be.

--- Page 52 ---
38 
 
For Shari’a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the Certificateholder Put Right cannot both be 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any single Series.

--- Page 53 ---
39 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche, the 
applicable Final Terms. The Trustee and any relevant Dealer(s) may agree that Certificates shall be issued in 
a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions of the Certificates, in which event, in the case 
of listed Certificates only and, if appropriate, a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published. 
Words and expressions defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Certificates” and “Summary of Provisions 
relating to the Certificates while in Global Form” shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Bank 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P., a Kuwaiti public shareholding 
company incorporated in Kuwait on 21 September 2004 with its 
registered office at Al Hamad Towers, P.O. Box 25507, Safat 
13116, Kuwait. 
Trustee 
Boubyan Sukuk Limited, an exempted company with limited 
liability incorporated on 5 September 2019 under the Companies 
Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands and with company 
number 355197 with its registered office at c/o MaplesFS 
Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The Trustee has been incorporated 
solely for the purpose of participating in the transactions 
contemplated by the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. 
Bank (LEI) 
254900D1UAYOAUPGL280  
Trustee (LEI) 
549300T2HAD9JJ1YV324 
Ownership of the Trustee 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 
consisting of 50,000 shares of U.S.$1.00 each, of which 250 
shares are fully paid up and issued. The Trustee’s entire issued 
share capital is held on trust for charitable purposes by MaplesFS 
Limited under the terms of a share declaration of trust dated 29 
October 2019 (the “Share Declaration of Trust”). 
Administration of the Trustee 
The affairs of the Trustee are managed by MaplesFS Limited, a 
licensed trust company in the Cayman Islands (the “Trustee 
Administrator”), with registered office at P.O. Box 1093, 
Queensgate House, Grand Cayman KY1-1102, Cayman Islands, 
who will provide, amongst other things, corporate administrative 
services, director services and act as share trustee for and on 
behalf of the Trustee pursuant to the amended and restated 
corporate services agreement dated 17 February 2022 between 
the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”). 
Arrangers 
Standard Chartered Bank, Wafra International Investment 
Company K.S.C.C. and Watani Investment Co. K.S.C.C. (the 
“Arrangers”). 
Dealers 
Standard Chartered Bank, Wafra International Investment 
Company K.S.C.C. and Watani Investment Co. K.S.C.C. and any

--- Page 54 ---
40 
 
other Dealer appointed from time to time either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series of 
Certificates. 
Delegate 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Delegate”). In accordance 
with the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee will, inter alia, 
unconditionally and irrevocably appoint the Delegate to be its 
delegate and attorney and to exercise certain present and future 
rights, powers, authorities and discretions vested in the Trustee 
by certain provisions of the Master Trust Deed in accordance 
with the terms of the Master Trust Deed. In particular, the 
Delegate shall be entitled to (and, in certain circumstances, shall, 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to 
its satisfaction, be obliged to) take enforcement action in the 
name of the Trustee against the Bank (in any capacity) following 
a Dissolution Event. 
Principal Paying Agent and Transfer 
Agent 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Registrar 
Citibank Europe Plc 
Initial Programme Size 
Up to U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The size of the Programme may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Method of Issue 
The Certificates may be issued on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. The specific terms of each Series will be 
recorded in the applicable Final Terms. 
Issuance in Series 
Certificates will be issued in Series. Each Series may comprise 
one or more Tranches issued on different Issue Dates. The 
Certificates of each Series will have the same terms and 
conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all 
respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
Periodic Distribution Amounts thereon and the date from which 
Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue. 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Certificates may be denominated in any currency (each a 
“Specified Currency”) agreed between the Trustee, the Bank 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Maturities 
The Certificates will have such maturities as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer, subject to 
such minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Trustee, the Bank or the Specified Currency. 
Issue Price 
Certificates may be issued at any price on a fully-paid basis, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The price and amount of

--- Page 55 ---
41 
 
Certificates to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Trustee and the Bank at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Denomination of Certificates 
The Certificates will be issued in such denominations as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s), 
save that (i) the minimum denomination of each Certificate will 
be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time 
by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Specified Currency; (ii) the 
minimum denomination of each Certificate admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in 
a Member State of the EEA, in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, will 
be at least €100,000 (or, if the Certificates are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency, as calculated on the Issue Date of such Series); and (iii) 
unless otherwise permitted by such current laws and regulations, 
Certificates (including Certificates denominated in sterling) 
which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of 
which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Trustee in the 
UK or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
Section 19 of the FSMA will have a minimum denomination of 
£100,000 (or, if the Certificates are denominated in a currency 
other than sterling, the equivalent amount in such currency, as 
calculated on the Issue Date of such Series). 
Status of the Certificates 
The Certificates will represent an undivided ownership interest 
in the Trust Assets of the relevant Series and will be limited 
recourse obligations of the Trustee. Each Certificate will 
constitute unsecured obligations of the Trustee and shall at all 
times rank pari passu and without any preference or priority with 
all other Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The payment obligations of the Bank (in any capacity) to the 
Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
in respect of each Series of Certificates will be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative 
pledge provisions described in Condition 7) unsecured 
obligations of the Bank and shall (save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the 
negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7), at all times 
rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank from time to time 
outstanding. 
Trust Assets 
The Trust Assets of the relevant Series will be (a) the cash 
proceeds of the issue of the relevant Series of Certificates, 
pending application thereof in accordance with the terms of the 
Transaction Documents; (b) any and all of the rights, title, 
interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the

--- Page 56 ---
42 
 
Trustee, in, to and under the Wakala Portfolio; (c) any and all of 
the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and 
future of the Trustee in, to and under the Transaction Documents 
(other than in relation to the Excluded Representations and the 
covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to Clause 13.1 of the 
Master Trust Deed); (d) any and all moneys standing to the credit 
of the relevant Transaction Account from time to time; and (e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing listed (a) to (d) (the “Trust 
Assets”). 
Periodic Distribution Amounts 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts calculated on the basis specified in the Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Certificates 
Fixed Rate Certificates will bear profit on their outstanding face 
amount at such fixed rate per annum and on such date or dates as 
may be agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s), calculated in accordance with such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer(s), each as more particularly described in 
Condition 8(a). 
Floating Rate Certificates 
Floating Rate Certificates will bear profit on their outstanding 
face amount at such floating rate per annum as may be 
determined: 
(a) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional profit 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated 
as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series of Certificates) plus or minus the applicable margin; 
or 
(b) on the basis of the relevant Reference Rate as adjusted for 
any applicable margin. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) for each 
Series of Floating Rate Certificates. 
Such profit will be paid on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) and will 
be calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Floating Rate Certificates may also have a maximum profit rate, 
a minimum profit rate or both. 
See Condition 8(b). 
Negative Pledge 
The Certificates will have the benefit of a negative pledge 
granted by the Bank in respect of itself and its Principal 
Subsidiaries, as described in Condition 7.

--- Page 57 ---
43 
 
Cross-Acceleration 
In respect of the Bank, the Certificates will have the benefit of a 
cross-acceleration provision, as described in Condition 13 and 
paragraph (c) of the definition of Obligor Event corresponding 
thereto. 
Dissolution on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date 
Unless the Certificates are previously redeemed or purchased 
and cancelled, the Trustee will redeem each Certificate at the 
relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount on the relevant 
Scheduled Dissolution Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms for such Series and the Trust in relation to the relevant 
Series will be dissolved by the Trustee following the payment of 
all such amounts in full. 
Dissolution Distribution Amount 
In relation to each Certificate of a Series, either: 
(a) the sum of: 
(i) the outstanding face amount of such Certificate; and 
(ii) any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts 
for such Certificate; or 
(b) such other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being payable upon the relevant Dissolution Date. 
Early Dissolution 
The Certificates may be redeemed, in whole or (to the extent 
specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms) in 
part, prior to the Scheduled Dissolution Date upon the: 
(a) occurrence of a Tax Event; 
(b) exercise of an Optional Dissolution Right (if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); 
(c) exercise of a Certificateholder Put Right (if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms); 
(d) exercise of a Tangibility Event Put Right;  
(e) exercise of a Clean Up (Call) Right; or 
(f) 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event, 
in each case, at the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount on 
the relevant Dissolution Date. 
Dissolution Events 
The Dissolution Events are described in Condition 1. Following 
the occurrence and continuation of a Dissolution Event in respect 
of a Series of Certificates, the Certificates may be redeemed in 
whole, but not in part, at the relevant Dissolution Distribution 
Amount on the Dissolution Event Redemption Date in the 
manner described in Condition 13. 
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons 
Where the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of the Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 11, or the Bank has or will become obliged to pay any 
additional amounts in respect of amounts payable to the Trustee 
pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document, as a result 
of a change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, and such obligation

--- Page 58 ---
44 
 
cannot be avoided by the Trustee or the Bank, as applicable, 
taking reasonable measures available to it, the Bank may in its 
sole discretion require the Trustee to redeem the Certificates in 
whole, but not in part, on a Periodic Distribution Date (in the 
case of a Floating Rate Certificate) or at any time (in the case of 
a Fixed Rate Certificate) at the relevant Dissolution Distribution 
Amount, as more particularly described in Condition 9(b). 
Optional Dissolution Right 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Bank may, in 
accordance with Condition 9(c), require the Trustee to redeem 
the Certificates of the relevant Series, in whole or in part, as the 
case may be, at the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount on 
any Optional Dissolution Date. 
If applicable to the relevant Series, the Optional Dissolution 
Date(s) will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificateholder Put Right 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, Certificateholders 
may elect to redeem their Certificates on any Certificateholder 
Put Right Date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms at an 
amount equal to the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount in 
accordance with Condition 9(d). 
Tangibility Event Put Right: 
Upon 
the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
Tangibility 
Event, 
the 
Certificateholders may redeem all or part of a Series of 
Certificates in the circumstances set out in Condition 9(e). If, 
pursuant to such Condition, all of a Series of Certificates are 
redeemed, the Trust in respect of such Series of Certificates shall 
be dissolved. 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, the Certificates will be delisted 
from any stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have 
been admitted to trading (see Condition 9(e)). 
Clean Up (Call) Right: 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of 
Certificates of a Series then outstanding have been redeemed 
pursuant to Condition 9(e), the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a 
duly completed Exercise Notice from the Bank pursuant to the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking, on giving not less than 30 
days’ nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (such notice 
to be given within 30 days of the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date), redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, at their 
Dissolution Distribution Amount on the Clean Up Call 
Dissolution Date. 
Cancellation of Certificates held by the 
Bank and/or any of its Subsidiaries 
Pursuant to Condition 9(g), the Bank and/or any of its 
Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Certificates in the open 
market or otherwise. If the Bank wishes to cancel such 
Certificates purchased by it and/or any of its Subsidiaries, the 
Bank may do so in accordance with Condition 9(h). 
Limited Recourse 
Each Certificate of a particular Series will represent an undivided 
ownership interest in the Trust Assets for such Series. No

--- Page 59 ---
45 
 
payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in respect of 
the Certificates except to the extent that funds for that purpose 
are available from the relevant Trust Assets. 
Certificateholders have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee 
(other than the relevant Trust Assets in the manner and to the 
extent contemplated by the Transaction Documents) or the 
Delegate or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, 
shareholders or affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the 
expected amounts from the relevant Trust Assets to the extent the 
relevant Trust Assets have been exhausted, following which all 
obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished. 
See further Condition 4(b). 
Form and Delivery of the Certificates 
The Certificates will be issued in registered form only. The 
Certificates of each Series will be represented on issue by 
interests in a Global Certificate, which will be deposited with, 
and registered in the name of a nominee for, a Common 
Depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Individual Certificates evidencing holdings of Certificates will 
be issued in exchange for interests in the relevant Global 
Certificate only in certain limited circumstances described under 
“Summary of Provisions relating to the Certificates while in 
Global Form”. 
Clearance and Settlement 
Holders of the Certificates must hold their interest in the relevant 
Global Certificate in book-entry form through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Transfers within and between each of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance 
with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. 
Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the Certificates are to be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding, retention or deduction for, 
or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of any Relevant 
Jurisdiction, unless such withholding, retention or deduction is 
required by law. In such event, the Trustee has agreed to pay such 
additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Certificateholders (after such withholding, retention or 
deduction) of such net amounts as would have been receivable 
by them had no such withholding, retention or deduction been 
required, subject to and in accordance with Condition 11. 
Further, in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust Deed, 
the Obligor has unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken to 
(irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing 
obligation, in the event that the Trustee fails to comply with any 
obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to Condition 11, 
pay to or to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the

--- Page 60 ---
46 
 
Certificateholders) such net amounts as are necessary so that the 
amount receivable by the Delegate (after any such withholding, 
retention or deduction) equals any and all additional amounts, 
required to be paid by it in respect of the Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 11. 
The Transaction Documents provide that payments thereunder 
by the Obligor shall be made without any withholding, retention 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other governmental 
charges of any nature, unless such withholding, retention or 
deduction is required by law and without set-off or counterclaim 
of any kind. If any such withholding, retention or deduction is 
required by law, the Transaction Documents provide for the 
payment by the Obligor of all additional amounts as will result 
in the receipt by the Trustee or the Delegate, as applicable, of 
such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no such 
withholding, retention or deduction had been made. 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the 
Certificates to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on 
its Regulated Market. 
Certificates may also be issued and listed (or admitted to trading, 
as the case may be), on other or further stock exchanges or 
markets agreed between the Trustee, the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s) in relation to the relevant Series. Certificates which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be 
issued. 
Certificateholder Meetings 
A summary of the provisions for convening meetings of 
Certificateholders to consider matters relating to their interests 
as such is set out in Condition 15. 
Tax Considerations 
See “Taxation” for a description of certain tax considerations 
applicable to the Certificates. 
Governing Law and Dispute 
Resolution 
The Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law. 
Each Transaction Document (other than the Master Purchase 
Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase Agreement and each 
sale agreement entered into pursuant to the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the 
case may be) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with them will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, English law. In respect of any dispute under 
any such Transaction Document to which it is a party, the Bank 
has agreed to arbitration in London under the Rules. 
The Master Purchase Agreement, each Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement and each sale agreement entered into pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking,

--- Page 61 ---
47 
 
as the case may be, will be governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of Kuwait. In respect of any dispute 
thereunder, the Bank has also agreed to arbitration in London 
under the Rules. 
The Corporate Services Agreement and the Share Declaration of 
Trust will be governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands and 
subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the 
Cayman Islands. 
Waiver of Immunity 
The Bank has agreed in each of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party that, to the extent that it may claim for itself 
or its assets or revenues immunity from jurisdiction, 
enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other 
legal and arbitral proceedings and relief and to the extent that 
such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed to the 
Bank or any of its assets or revenues, it has agreed not to claim 
and has irrevocably and unconditionally waived such immunity 
in relation to any proceedings or Disputes. In addition, the 
Obligor has irrevocably and unconditionally consented to the 
giving of any relief or the issue of any process, including, 
without limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment 
proceedings and injunctions in connection with any proceedings 
or Disputes. 
Transaction Documents 
The Transaction Documents in respect of a Series shall comprise 
the Master Trust Deed, each Supplemental Trust Deed, the 
Agency Agreement, the Master Purchase Agreement, each 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Service Agency 
Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking, the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking, each sale agreement entered into pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, 
as the case may be, and the Master Murabaha Agreement 
(together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, 
offer notices, acceptances, notices and confirmations delivered 
or entered into as contemplated by the Master Murabaha 
Agreement in connection with the relevant Series). 
Rating 
The Bank has been assigned a long-term issuer default rating of 
A with a stable outlook by Fitch, a long-term counterparty risk 
rating of A2 and a long-term deposit rating of A3 with a stable 
outlook by Moody’s and a long-term issuer credit rating of A- 
with a positive outlook by Standard & Poor’s. 
The Programme is expected to be assigned a rating of A by Fitch.  
A Series of Certificates to be issued under the Programme may 
be rated or unrated. Where a Series of Certificates is to be rated, 
its rating will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency.

--- Page 62 ---
48 
 
Selling Restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the 
Certificates, including in the Cayman Islands, the Dubai 
International Financial Centre, the EEA, the UK, Hong Kong, 
Kuwait, the Kingdom of Bahrain, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, 
Malaysia, Singapore, the State of Qatar (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), the United Arab Emirates (excluding the 
Dubai International Financial Centre) and the United States of 
America. See “Subscription and Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions 
Regulation S, Category 2.

--- Page 63 ---
49 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in accordance with the 
provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms shall be applicable to the Certificates in definitive form (if 
any) issued in exchange for the Global Certificate representing each Series. Either (i) the full text of these terms 
and conditions together with the relevant provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms or (ii) these terms 
and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable provisions), 
shall be endorsed on such definitive Certificates. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions 
will have the meanings given to them in Part A of the applicable Final Terms. Those definitions will be endorsed 
on the definitive Certificates. References in the Conditions to “Certificates” are to the Certificates of one Series 
only, not to all Certificates that may be issued under the Programme. 
Boubyan Sukuk Limited (in its capacity as issuer and in its capacity as trustee, as applicable, the “Trustee”) 
has established a programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of trust certificates (the “Certificates”) in a 
maximum aggregate face amount of U.S.$3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the amended and restated programme agreement between the Trustee, Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. (the 
“Obligor”) and the Dealers named therein dated 18 February 2022 (the “Programme Agreement”)), or such 
other maximum aggregate face amount as increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
The Certificates are constituted by an amended and restated master trust deed dated 18 February 2022 between 
the Trustee, the Obligor and Citibank, N.A., London Branch (the “Delegate”, which expression shall include 
all persons for the time being the delegate or delegates under the Master Trust Deed) (the “Master Trust Deed”) 
as supplemented by a supplemental trust deed entered into on or before the date of issue of the relevant 
Certificates (the “Issue Date”) in respect of the relevant Tranche (the “Supplemental Trust Deed” and, 
together with the Master Trust Deed, the “Trust Deed”). 
An amended and restated agency agreement (the “Agency Agreement”) dated 18 February 2022 has been 
entered into in relation to the Certificates between the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate, Citibank, N.A., 
London Branch as principal paying agent and transfer agent, Citibank Europe Plc as registrar and the other 
agents named in it. The principal paying agent, the other paying agents, the registrar, the transfer agent and the 
calculation agent(s) for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the “Principal Paying 
Agent”, the “Paying Agents” (which expression shall include the Principal Paying Agent), the “Registrar”, 
the “Transfer Agent” and the “Calculation Agent(s)”, and together the “Agents”. 
These terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions 
of: (i) the Trust Deed, which includes the form of Certificates referred to below, (ii) the Agency Agreement and 
(iii) the remaining Transaction Documents (as defined below). The Certificateholders are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions applicable to them in the Transaction Documents. The final terms 
for this Certificate (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms attached to or 
endorsed on this Certificate which complete these Conditions. References to the “applicable Final Terms” are, 
unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed 
on the relevant Certificate. 
Copies of the Transaction Documents are available for inspection and/or collection by Certificateholders from 
the registered office of the Trustee and the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent during usual business 
hours. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Certificate, shall be deemed to 
authorise and direct the Trustee, on behalf of the Certificateholders: (a) to apply the proceeds of the issue of the 
Tranche of Certificates in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents; and (b) to enter into, and

--- Page 64 ---
50 
 
perform its obligations under and in connection with, each Transaction Document to which it is a party, subject 
to the provisions of the Trust Deed and these Conditions. 
1 
Interpretation 
Unless defined herein or the context otherwise requires, any capitalised words and expressions used but not 
defined herein shall have the meaning given to them in the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. In addition, 
for the purposes of these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Authorised Signatory” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
“Broken Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(h); 
“Calculation Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Cancellation Notice” means a cancellation notice given pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed and the Sale 
and Substitution Undertaking; 
“Certificateholder” or “holder” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2; 
“Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(d); 
“Certificateholder Put Right” means the right exercisable by Certificateholders pursuant to Condition 9(d); 
“Certificateholder Put Right Date” means, in relation to any exercise of the Certificateholder Put Right, the 
date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which must (if this Certificate is a Floating Rate 
Certificate) be a Periodic Distribution Date; 
“Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price” has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking; 
“Clean Up Call Dissolution Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e); 
“Clean Up (Call) Right” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e); 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the amended and restated corporate services agreement entered into 
between the Trustee and the Trustee Administrator dated 17 February 2022; 
“Day Count Fraction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(h); 
“Declaration of Commingling of Assets” has the meaning given to it in the Master Trust Deed; 
“Deferred Payment Price” has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Delegation” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(a); 
“Delisting Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e); 
“Dispute” has the meaning given to it in Condition 21(b); 
“Dissolution Date” means, as the case may be: 
(a) 
the Scheduled Dissolution Date; 
(b) 
any Early Tax Dissolution Date; 
(c) 
any Optional Dissolution Date; 
(d) 
any Certificateholder Put Right Date;

--- Page 65 ---
51 
 
(e) 
any Tangibility Event Put Right Date;  
(f) 
any Clean Up Call Dissolution Date; or 
(g) 
any Dissolution Event Redemption Date; 
“Dissolution Distribution Amount” means, in relation to each Certificate: 
(a) 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the outstanding face amount of such Certificate; and 
(ii) 
any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts for such Certificate; or 
(b) 
such other amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being payable upon any Dissolution Date; 
“Dissolution Event” means a Trustee Event or an Obligor Event; 
“Dissolution Event Redemption Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(a); 
“Dissolution Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13(a)(ii); 
“Early Tax Dissolution Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(b); 
“Excluded Representations” means any representations given by the Obligor to the Trustee and/or the 
Delegate pursuant to the Transaction Documents, save for the representations given in clause 5 of the Master 
Purchase Agreement; 
“Exercise Notice” means an exercise notice given pursuant to the terms of the Purchase Undertaking and/or 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the context so requires; 
“Exercise Price” has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution 
Undertaking, as the context so requires; 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed; 
“Fixed Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Fixed Rate Certificates” means a Series in respect of which Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Floating Rate Certificates” means a Series in respect of which Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Indebtedness” means all obligations, and guarantees or indemnities in respect of obligations, for moneys 
borrowed or raised (whether or not evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments) and 
whether present or future, actual or contingent, or any alternative or equivalent of the foregoing intended to be 
issued in compliance with the principles of Shari’a; 
“Intangible Asset Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which 
shall be no more than 45 per cent.; 
“ISDA Benchmarks Supplement” means the Benchmarks Supplement (as amended and updated as at the date 
of issue of the first Tranche of the Certificates of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Certificates of the relevant Series (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) and, if

--- Page 66 ---
52 
 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as supplemented by any applicable supplement to the ISDA Definitions) 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
“LCIA” means the London Court of International Arbitration; 
“Liability” means any loss, damage, actual cost (excluding cost of funding and opportunity costs), charge, 
claim, demand, expense, fee, judgment, action, proceeding or other liability whatsoever (including, without 
limitation, in respect of taxes) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect 
thereof and legal or other fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis, and references to “Liabilities” shall mean 
all of these; 
“Master Murabaha Agreement” means the amended and restated master murabaha agreement dated 18 
February 2022 between the Trustee, the Obligor and the Delegate; 
“Master Purchase Agreement” means the amended and restated master purchase agreement dated 18 February 
2022 between the Trustee and the Obligor; 
“Maximum Optional Dissolution Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Minimum Optional Dissolution Amount” means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Murabaha Instalment Profit Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Murabaha Profit Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Non-recourse Project Financing” means any financing of all or part of the costs of the acquisition, 
construction or development of any project, provided that: (i) any Security Interest given by the Obligor or the 
relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection therewith is limited solely to assets of the 
project; (ii) the person providing such financing expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the project financed 
and the revenues derived from such project as the sole source of repayment for the moneys advanced; and (iii) 
there is no other recourse to the Obligor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, or any other 
Subsidiary of the Obligor, in respect of any default by any person under the financing (including, without 
limitation, by way of any credit support, security or other similar commitment from the Obligor or the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary);  
“Obligor Event” means any of the following events: 
(a) 
the Obligor (acting in any capacity) fails to pay an amount in the nature of profit (corresponding to all 
or part of the Periodic Distribution Amounts payable by the Trustee under the Certificates) payable by it 
pursuant to any Transaction Document to which it is a party and the failure continues for a period of 14 
days, or the Obligor (acting in any capacity) fails to pay an amount in the nature of principal 
(corresponding to all or part of the Dissolution Distribution Amount payable by the Trustee under the 
Certificates) payable by it pursuant to any Transaction Document to which it is a party and the failure 
continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b) 
the Obligor (acting in any capacity) does not perform or comply with any one or more of its covenants 
or other obligations in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, which default is, in the opinion 
of the Delegate, incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Delegate is capable of remedy, is not, in 
the opinion of the Delegate, remedied within the period of 30 days after written notice of such default 
shall have been given to the Obligor by the Trustee (or the Delegate) requiring the same to be remedied, 
provided that the failure by the Obligor (acting in its capacity as Service Agent) to comply with its 
obligations in clause 3.1.3 of the Service Agency Agreement (save for its obligation to deliver the 
Tangibility Event Notice pursuant to clause 3.1.3(ii) of the Service Agency Agreement) shall not 
constitute an Obligor Event; or

--- Page 67 ---
53 
 
(c) 
any present or future Indebtedness of the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor is not paid 
when due or, as the case may be, within any originally applicable grace period or any such Indebtedness 
is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and payable prior to its specified maturity (or, in the case of 
a guarantee, is called) as a result of any actual or potential default, event of default, dissolution event or 
the like (however described) provided, however, that each such event mentioned in this paragraph (c) 
shall not constitute an Obligor Event unless the aggregate amount (or its equivalent in U.S. dollars) of 
all such Indebtedness, either alone or when aggregated with all other Indebtedness, which shall remain 
unpaid or unsatisfied or is so declared or becomes due and payable or is called, as the case may be, shall 
be more than U.S.$30,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies); or 
(d) 
any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the winding-up or dissolution of the 
Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor, or the Obligor applies or petitions for a winding-up 
or administration order in respect of itself save, in each case, in connection with a Permitted 
Reorganisation; or 
(e) 
the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor ceases or threatens to cease to carry on all or a 
substantial part of its business, save in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(f) 
one or more judgments or orders for the payment of any sum in excess of U.S.$30,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in any currency or currencies), whether individually or in aggregate, is (or are) rendered 
against the Obligor and/or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor and continue(s) unsatisfied and 
unstayed for a period of 30 days after the date thereof (or, if appealed, the appeal is unsuccessful and 
thereafter the judgment or order continues unsatisfied and unstayed for a period of 30 days); or 
(g) 
(i) the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor takes any corporate action or any steps are 
taken or any court or other proceedings are initiated against the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of 
the Obligor under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar 
laws, or an application is made (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment of a liquidator, an 
administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official (and such proceedings 
are not being actively contested in good faith by the Obligor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the 
case may be), or a liquidator, an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar 
official is appointed, in relation to the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor or, as the case 
may be, in relation to all or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets or revenues of any of them; or 
(ii) an encumbrancer takes possession of all or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of the 
Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor, or a distress, attachment, execution or other legal 
process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against all or a substantial part of the property and 
undertaking, assets or revenues of the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor; and in each 
case of (i) and (ii) (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 30 days and, 
only in the case of corporate action or steps taken by the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the 
Obligor, is otherwise than in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or 
(h) 
(i) the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor stops or threatens to stop payment of, or is 
unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as they fall due, or is deemed 
unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any applicable law, or is adjudicated or found 
bankrupt or insolvent; or (ii) the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor initiates or consents 
to judicial proceedings relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, 
reorganisation or other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance 
or assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its creditors 
generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a proposal for the general 
readjustment or rescheduling of its debts with its creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) save 
in connection with a Permitted Reorganisation; or

--- Page 68 ---
54 
 
(i) 
any one or more Security Interests, present or future, created or assumed by the Obligor and/or any 
Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor and securing an amount which equals or exceeds U.S.$30,000,000 
(or its equivalent in any other currency or currencies), whether individually or in aggregate, become(s) 
enforceable and any step is taken to enforce such Security Interest(s) (including the taking of possession 
or the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person) unless the full amount of the debt(s) 
which is (or are) secured by the relevant Security Interest(s) is (or are) discharged within 30 days of the 
date on which a step is taken to enforce the relevant Security Interest(s); or 
(j) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the State of Kuwait or any other relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (d), (g), (h) and (i) above; or 
(k) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order: (i) to enable the Obligor lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is party; (ii) to 
ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; and (iii) to make the Transaction 
Documents to which it is party admissible in evidence in the courts of the State of Kuwait is not taken, 
fulfilled or done within 14 days of the Delegate giving written notice to the Obligor requiring remedy, 
except that, provided no other Dissolution Event has occurred, the non-registration of legal title to the 
Wakala Assets in the name of the Trustee will not constitute an Obligor Event for these purposes; or 
(l) 
the Obligor repudiates or challenges, or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention 
to repudiate or challenge, these Conditions or any (or any part of a) Transaction Document to which it 
is a party; or 
(m) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Obligor to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under or in respect of any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any of the 
obligations of the Obligor thereunder are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding or enforceable; or 
(n) 
(i) all or a substantial part of the undertaking, assets and/or revenues of the Obligor or any Principal 
Subsidiary of the Obligor is condemned, seized or otherwise appropriated by any Person acting under 
the authority of any national, regional or local government; or (ii) the Obligor or any Principal Subsidiary 
of the Obligor is prevented by any such Person from exercising normal control over all or a substantial 
part of its undertaking, assets and/or revenues, 
provided, however, that in the case of the occurrence of any of the events described in paragraphs (b) or (in 
respect of a Principal Subsidiary only) (g) and (h) the Delegate shall have certified in writing to the Trustee and 
the Obligor that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders. 
References in paragraph (h) to “debts” shall be deemed to include any debt or other financing arrangement 
issued (or intended to be issued) in compliance with the principles of Shari’a, whether entered into directly or 
indirectly by the Obligor or a Principal Subsidiary of the Obligor, as the case may be; 
“Optional Dissolution Date” means, in relation to any exercise of the Optional Dissolution Right, the date(s) 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and which must (if the Certificate is a Floating Rate Certificate) 
be a Periodic Distribution Date; 
“Optional Dissolution Exercise Price” has the meaning given to it in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking; 
“Optional Dissolution Right” means the right exercisable by the Trustee upon instruction from the Obligor 
pursuant to Condition 9(c); 
“outstanding” shall have the meaning given to it in the Trust Deed;

--- Page 69 ---
55 
 
“Periodic Distribution Amount” means the amount of profit payable to Certificateholders in accordance with 
Condition 8; 
“Periodic Distribution Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Periodic Distribution Period” means the period beginning on and including the Profit Commencement Date 
and ending on but excluding the first Periodic Distribution Date and each successive period beginning on and 
including a Periodic Distribution Date and ending on but excluding the next succeeding Periodic Distribution 
Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Permitted Reorganisation” means: 
(a) 
(i) any winding-up or dissolution of a Principal Subsidiary whereby the undertaking and assets of that 
Principal Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Obligor and/or any of the Obligor’s 
other Subsidiaries; or (ii) any winding up or dissolution of the Obligor whereby the undertaking and 
assets of the Obligor are transferred to or otherwise vested in one of its Subsidiaries, provided that, in 
the case of (ii) only, at the same time or prior to any such transfer or vesting, all amounts payable by the 
Obligor under each Transaction Document to which it is a party have been assumed by such other 
Subsidiary on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(b) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger, reorganisation, composition or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(c) 
any amalgamation, consolidation, restructuring, merger, reorganisation, composition or other similar 
arrangement of a Subsidiary with the Obligor or any other Subsidiary of the Obligor; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means: 
(a) 
any Security Interest existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the 
relevant Series; 
(b) 
any Security Interest granted by a Person where such Security Interest exists at the time that such Person 
is merged into, or consolidated with, the Obligor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary (as the case may 
be), provided that such Security Interest was not created in contemplation of such merger or 
consolidation and does not extend to any other assets or property of the Obligor or the relevant Principal 
Subsidiary (as the case may be); 
(c) 
any Security Interest existing on any property or assets prior to the acquisition thereof by the Obligor or 
the relevant Principal Subsidiary (as the case may be), provided that such Security Interest was not 
created in contemplation of such acquisition and does not extend to any other assets or property of the 
Obligor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary (as the case may be); 
(d) 
any Security Interest created or outstanding with the approval of an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
any Security Interest arising by operation of law, provided that such Security Interest is discharged within 
30 days of arising; 
(f) 
any renewal of or substitution for any Security Interest permitted by any of paragraphs (a) to (e) 
(inclusive) of this definition, provided that with respect to any such Security Interest the aggregate 
principal amount of the Indebtedness secured thereby has not increased and the Security Interest has not 
been extended to any additional assets (other than the proceeds of such assets); 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality;

--- Page 70 ---
56 
 
“Potential Dissolution Event” means any condition, event or act which, with the giving of notice, lapse of 
time, declaration, demand, determination or fulfilment of any other applicable condition (or any combination 
of the foregoing), would constitute a Dissolution Event; 
“Principal Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Obligor: 
(a) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or whose total 
income (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) represent more than 12 
per cent. of the consolidated total assets, or, as the case may be, the consolidated total income of the 
Obligor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, all as calculated respectively by reference to the latest 
consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated and in either case, if available, audited or auditor-
reviewed, financial statements of the Subsidiary and the then latest audited consolidated financial 
statements (or, if more recent, auditor reviewed consolidated interim financial statements) of the Obligor, 
provided that, in the case of a Subsidiary acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then 
latest consolidated financial statements of the Obligor relate for the purpose of applying each of the 
foregoing tests, the reference to the Obligor’s latest audited consolidated financial statements (or auditor 
reviewed consolidated interim financial statements, as the case may be) shall be deemed to be a reference 
to such financial statements as if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest 
relevant financial statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the Obligor after consultation with its 
auditors for the time being; or 
(b) 
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the business, undertaking and assets of another 
Subsidiary which immediately prior to such transfer is a Principal Subsidiary, whereupon (A) in the case 
of a transfer by a Principal Subsidiary, the transferor Principal Subsidiary shall immediately cease to be 
a Principal Subsidiary and (B) the transferee Subsidiary shall immediately become a Principal 
Subsidiary, provided that on or after the date on which the relevant consolidated financial statements for 
the financial period current at the date of such transfer are published, whether such transferor Subsidiary 
or such transferee Subsidiary is or is not a Principal Subsidiary, shall be determined pursuant to the 
provisions of paragraph (a) above, and 
a certificate addressed to the Delegate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Obligor certifying that in 
their opinion a Subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at any particular time or during a particular period a 
Principal Subsidiary shall, in the absence of manifest error, be conclusive and binding on all parties and the 
Delegate shall be entitled to rely on such certificate without liability to any person; 
“Profit Amount” means: 
(a) 
in respect of a Periodic Distribution Period, the amount of profit payable per Calculation Amount for 
that Periodic Distribution Period and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Certificates, and unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall mean the Fixed Amount or Broken Amount specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as being payable on the Periodic Distribution Date ending such Periodic 
Distribution Period; and 
(b) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of profit payable per Calculation Amount for that period; 
“Profit Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
“Profit Period Date” means each Periodic Distribution Date unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
“Profit Rate” means the profit rate payable from time to time in respect of the Certificates and that is either 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or calculated in accordance with these Conditions;

--- Page 71 ---
57 
 
“Profit Rate Determination Date” means, with respect to a Profit Rate and Periodic Distribution Period, the 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so specified (a) the first day of such Periodic 
Distribution Period, if the Specified Currency is sterling or (b) the day falling two Business Days for the 
Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Periodic Distribution Period, if the Specified Currency is neither 
sterling nor euro, or (c) the day falling two TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Periodic 
Distribution Period, if the Specified Currency is euro or (d) (where SOFR Benchmark is specified hereon as the 
Reference Rate and where Simple SOFR Average is specified as applicable hereon or where SOFR Observation 
Lag, SOFR Observation Shift or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable hereon to determine Compounded 
SOFR Average or where SOFR Index Average is specified as applicable hereon) the fourth U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the last day of each Periodic Distribution Period, or (e) (where SOFR 
Benchmark is specified hereon as the Reference Rate and where SOFR Payment Delay is specified as applicable 
hereon to determine Compounded Daily SOFR) the Profit Period Date at the end of each Periodic Distribution 
Period, provided that the Profit Rate Determination Date with respect to the final Periodic Distribution Period 
will be the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately following the relevant SOFR Rate Cut-Off 
Date; 
“Purchase Agreement” means the Master Purchase Agreement as supplemented by the applicable 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement; 
“Purchase Undertaking” means the amended and restated purchase undertaking dated 18 February 2022 
executed by the Obligor in favour of the Trustee and the Delegate; 
“Record Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10(a); 
“Reference Banks” means four major banks selected by the Obligor in consultation with the Calculation Agent 
in the inter-bank market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
“Reference Rate” means one of the following benchmark rates (specified in the applicable Final Terms) in 
respect of the currency and period specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(a) 
EURIBOR; 
(b) 
KIBOR; 
(c) 
CBK Discount Rate; 
(d) 
HIBOR; 
(e) 
KLIBOR; 
(f) 
TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR; 
(g) 
SIBOR; 
(h) 
EIBOR; 
(i) 
TIBOR; 
(j) 
SAIBOR; 
(k) 
CHF LIBOR;  
(l) 
QIBOR; and 
(m) 
SOFR Benchmark; 
“Register” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2;

--- Page 72 ---
58 
 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11; 
“Relevant Financial Centre” means the financial centre specified as such in the applicable Final Terms and, 
if no such financial centre is specified, the financial centre most closely connected with the relevant Reference 
Rate; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any present or future Indebtedness, other than any Indebtedness incurred in 
connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, which is in the form of, or which is 
represented or evidenced by, bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being 
are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or 
over-the-counter or other securities market; 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” has the meaning given to it in Condition 11; 
“Relevant Powers” has the meaning given to it in Condition 16(a); 
“Relevant Screen Page” means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information 
service as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, or any successor or replacement page, section, 
caption, column or other part of a particular information service or such other information service, in each case, 
as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Sukuk Obligation” means any present or future Sukuk Obligation, other than any Sukuk Obligation 
incurred in connection with a Non-recourse Project Financing or a Securitisation, in respect of which the 
relevant trust certificates or other securities are, or are intended to be or are capable of being, quoted, listed or 
dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other securities market; “Relevant Time” means 
the time specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Required Amount” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
“Sale and Substitution Undertaking” means the amended and restated sale and substitution undertaking dated 
18 February 2022 executed by the Trustee in favour of the Obligor; 
“Scheduled Dissolution Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Securitisation” means any securitisation of existing or future assets and/or revenues, provided that: (i) any 
Security Interest given by the Obligor or the relevant Principal Subsidiary, as the case may be, in connection 
therewith is limited solely to the assets and/or revenues which are the subject of the securitisation; (ii) each 
person participating in such securitisation expressly agrees to limit its recourse to the assets and/or revenues so 
securitised as the principal source of repayment for the money advanced or payment of any other liability; and 
(iii) there is no other recourse to the Obligor, the relevant Principal Subsidiary or any other Subsidiary of the 
Obligor, as the case may be, in respect of any default by any person under the securitisation (including, without 
limitation, by way of any credit support, security or other similar commitment from the Obligor or the relevant 
Principal Subsidiary); 
“Security Interest” means any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other form of encumbrance or security interest, 
including, without limitation, anything analogous to any of the foregoing under the laws of any jurisdiction;  
“Series” means a Tranche of Certificates which are identical in all respects together with any further Tranche 
or Tranches of Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the 
same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and 
date of the first payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined herein) thereon and the Profit 
Commencement Date;

--- Page 73 ---
59 
 
“Service Agency Agreement” means the amended and restated service agency agreement dated 18 February 
2022 between the Trustee and the Service Agent; 
“Service Agent” means the Obligor in its capacity as service agent pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Currency” means the currency specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Certificates are denominated; 
“Specified Denominations” means the amount(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Subsidiary” means, in relation to the Obligor, any Person (a) in which the Obligor holds a majority of the 
voting rights; (b) in which the Obligor, directly or indirectly, has the right (howsoever arising) to appoint or 
remove a majority of the board of directors or other governing body; (c) whose financial statements at any time 
are fully consolidated with those of the Obligor; or (d) which the Obligor otherwise, directly or indirectly, 
controls or the affairs and/or policies of which the Obligor otherwise has the power to, directly or indirectly, 
control; “Sukuk Obligation” means any undertaking or other obligation to pay any money given in connection 
with any issue of trust certificates or other securities intended to be issued in compliance with the principles of 
Shari’a, whether or not in return for consideration of any kind; “Supplemental Purchase Agreement” has the 
meaning given to it in the Master Purchase Agreement; 
“TARGET Business Day” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(h); 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
(known as TARGET2) System which was launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto; 
“Tangibility Event” means, if, at any time, on or following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the 
Tangibility Ratio in respect of such Series falls below 33 per cent.; 
“Tangibility Event Delisting Date” means the date falling 15 days following the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date (or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day (being, for this purpose, a day on 
which the stock exchange on which the Certificates have been admitted to trading is open for business)); 
“Tangibility Event Notice” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
“Tangibility Event Put Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9(e); 
“Tangibility Event Put Right” means the right exercisable by Certificateholders pursuant to Condition 9(e); 
“Tangibility Event Put Right Date” shall be a date falling not less than 75 days following the expiry of the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Period; 
“Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price” has the meaning given to it in the Purchase Undertaking; 
“Tangibility Event Put Right Period” means the period of 30 days commencing on the date that a Delisting 
Notice is given; 
“Tangibility Ratio” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
“Tranche” means Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to 
trading); 
“Transaction Account” means, in relation to each Series, the non-interest bearing account maintained in 
London in the Trustee’s name held with Citibank, N.A., London Branch, details of which are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Transaction Documents” means, in relation to each Series:

--- Page 74 ---
60 
 
(a) 
the Trust Deed; 
(b) 
any Declaration of Commingling of Assets; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement; 
(d) 
the Purchase Agreement; 
(e) 
the Service Agency Agreement; 
(f) 
the Sale and Substitution Undertaking (together with each relevant sale agreement executed upon 
exercise of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking); 
(g) 
the Purchase Undertaking (together with each relevant sale agreement executed upon exercise of the 
Purchase Undertaking); and 
(h) 
the Master Murabaha Agreement (together with all documents, notices of request to purchase, offer 
notices, acceptances, notices and confirmations delivered or entered into as contemplated by the Master 
Murabaha Agreement in connection with the relevant Series), 
each as may be amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time; 
“Trust” means, in respect of a Series, the trust created by the Trustee over the Trust Assets pursuant to the Trust 
Deed; 
“Trustee Administrator” means MaplesFS Limited; 
“Trust Assets” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(a); 
“Trustee Event” means any of the following events: 
(a) 
default is made in the payment of the Dissolution Distribution Amount or any Periodic Distribution 
Amount and, in the case of the Dissolution Distribution Amount, such default continues for a period of 
seven days from the due date for payment and, in the case of a Periodic Distribution Amount, such 
default continues for a period of 14 days from the due date for payment; or 
(b) 
the Trustee (acting in any capacity) does not perform or comply with any one or more of its covenants 
or other obligations under these Conditions or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party 
and (except in any case where, in the opinion of the Delegate, such failure is incapable of remedy when 
no such continuation or notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the 
period of 30 days following the service by the Delegate on the Trustee of written notice requiring the 
same to be remedied; or 
(c) 
any distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on or against 
any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Trustee and is not discharged or stayed within 30 days; 
or 
(d) 
the Trustee is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent or to be unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
stops, suspends or threatens to stop or suspend payment of all or a substantial part of (or a particular type 
of) its debts, proposes or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of any creditors in respect of any of its debts or a moratorium is agreed or declared or comes into 
effect in respect of or affecting all or any part of (or a particular type of) the debts of the Trustee; or 
(e) 
an administrator is appointed, an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up or 
dissolution or administration of the Trustee, or the Trustee shall apply or petition for a winding-up or

--- Page 75 ---
61 
 
administration order in respect of itself or cease or through an official action of its board of directors 
threaten to cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations; or 
(f) 
any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any necessary consent, approval, 
authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at any time required to be 
taken, fulfilled or done in order: (i) to enable the Trustee lawfully to enter into, exercise its rights and 
perform and comply with its obligations under the Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party; (ii) to ensure that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable; or (iii) to make the 
Certificates and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party admissible in evidence in the courts of 
the Cayman Islands is not taken, fulfilled or done except that, provided no other Dissolution Event has 
occurred, the non-registration of legal title to the Wakala Assets in the name of the Trustee will not 
constitute a Trustee Event for these purposes; or 
(g) 
the Trustee repudiates or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate 
these Conditions or any (or any part of any) Transaction Document to which it is a party; or 
(h) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for the Trustee to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under or in respect of any of the Certificates or the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party or any of the obligations of the Trustee thereunder cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; 
or 
(i) 
any event occurs which under the laws of the Cayman Islands or any other relevant jurisdiction has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (c), (d) or (e) above, 
provided, however, that in the case of the occurrence of any of the events described in paragraph (b) or (f) the 
Delegate shall have certified in writing to the Trustee that such event is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the holders of the Certificates. 
For the purpose of paragraph (a) above, all amounts payable in respect of the Certificates shall be considered 
due and payable (including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under Condition 
8, Condition 9, Condition 11 and Condition 13) notwithstanding that the Trustee has at the relevant time 
insufficient funds or relevant Trust Assets to pay such amounts (whether as a result of the application of 
Condition 5(b) or otherwise); 
“Wakala Assets” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; 
“Wakala Percentage” means the percentage specified as such in the applicable Final Terms, which shall be no 
less than 55 per cent.; 
“Wakala Portfolio” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement; and 
“Wakala Portfolio Revenues” has the meaning given to it in the Service Agency Agreement.  
All references to the “face amount” of a Certificate shall be deemed to include, as applicable, the relevant 
Dissolution Distribution Amount, any additional amounts (other than relating to Periodic Distribution Amounts) 
which may be payable under Condition 11 and any other amount in the nature of face amounts payable pursuant 
to these Conditions. 
All references to “Periodic Distribution Amounts” shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any additional 
amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under Condition 11 and any other amount in 
the nature of a profit distribution payable pursuant to these Conditions. 
All references to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
All references to “ISDA” and related terms are only included for the purposes of benchmarking.

--- Page 76 ---
62 
 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Certificates may be Fixed Rate Certificates, Floating Rate Certificates or a combination of the 
foregoing, depending upon the Profit Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certificates are represented by registered certificates (“Registered Certificates”) and, save as provided in 
Condition 3(a), each Registered Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Certificates by the same holder. 
Title to the Certificates shall pass by registration in the register that the Trustee shall procure to be kept by the 
Registrar outside the United Kingdom in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement (the 
“Register”). Each Registered Certificate will be numbered serially with an identifying number which will be 
recorded on the relevant Registered Certificate and in the Register. Except as ordered by a court of competent 
jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as defined below) of any Certificate shall be deemed to be and 
may be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, trust or any interest in it, any writing on the Registered Certificate representing it or the theft or 
loss of such Registered Certificate and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. The holder of a 
Certificate will be recognised by the Trustee as entitled to his Certificate free from any equity, set-off or 
counterclaim on the part of the Trustee against the original or any intermediate holder of such Certificate. 
In these Conditions, “Certificateholder” or “holder” means the person in whose name a Certificate is 
registered. 
Upon issue, the Certificates will be represented by a Global Certificate which will be deposited with, and 
registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Ownership interests in the Global Certificate will 
be shown on, and transfers thereof will only be effected through, records maintained by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as applicable), and their respective participants. These Conditions are modified by 
certain provisions contained in the Global Certificate. 
Except in certain limited circumstances, owners of interests in the Global Certificate will not be entitled to 
receive Registered Certificates representing their holdings of Certificates. See “Summary of Provisions relating 
to the Certificates while in Global Form”. 
3 
Transfers 
(a) 
Transfer of Certificates: Subject to Condition 3(e), one or more Certificates may be transferred upon 
the surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent) of the Registered Certificate 
representing such Certificates to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such 
Certificate (or another form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same 
representations and certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Trustee) duly completed and 
executed and any other evidence as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may reasonably require. 
In the case of a transfer of part only of a holding of Certificates represented by one Registered Certificate, 
a new Registered Certificate shall be issued to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a 
further new Registered Certificate in respect of the balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued 
to the transferor. In the case of a transfer of Certificates to a person who is already a holder of Certificates, 
a new Registered Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of 
the Registered Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Certificates and entries on 
the Register will be made subject to and in accordance with the detailed regulations concerning transfers 
of Certificates scheduled to the Agency Agreement. The regulations may be changed by the Trustee with 
the prior written approval of the Registrar and the Delegate or by the Registrar with the prior written

--- Page 77 ---
63 
 
approval of the Delegate, provided that any such change is not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Certificateholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the Registrar to any 
Certificateholder upon request. 
(b) 
Exercise of Early Dissolution Rights: In the case of an exercise of the Obligor’s or the 
Certificateholders’ early dissolution right in respect of a holding of Certificates represented by a single 
Registered Certificate, a new Registered Certificate shall be issued to the holder to reflect the exercise 
of such early dissolution right or in respect of the balance of the holding not redeemed. In the case of a 
partial exercise of an early dissolution right resulting in Certificates of the same holding having different 
terms, separate Registered Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Certificates of that holding that 
have the same terms. New Registered Certificates shall only be issued against surrender of the existing 
Certificates to the Registrar or any Transfer Agent. 
(c) 
Delivery of New Registered Certificates: Each new Registered Certificate to be issued pursuant to 
Conditions 3(a) or 3(b) shall be available for delivery within five business days (or such longer period 
as may be required to comply with any applicable fiscal or other regulations) of receipt of the form of 
transfer, Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice or Tangibility Event Put Notice, as the case may be, and 
surrender of the Registered Certificate for exchange. Delivery of the new Registered Certificate(s) shall 
be made at the specified office of the Transfer Agent or of the Registrar (as the case may be) to whom 
delivery of such form of transfer, Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice or Tangibility Event Put Notice, 
as the case may be, and surrender of such Registered Certificate shall have been made or, at the option 
of the holder making such delivery and surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant form of 
transfer, Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice or Tangibility Event Put Notice or otherwise in writing, 
be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the holder entitled to the new Registered Certificate to such 
address as may be so specified, unless such holder requests otherwise and pays in advance to the relevant 
Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be) the costs of such other method of delivery and/or 
such insurance or takaful as it may specify. In this Condition 3(c), “business day” means a day, other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office of 
the relevant Transfer Agent or the Registrar (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Transfers Free of Charge: Transfers of Certificates and Registered Certificates on registration, transfer 
or exercise of an early dissolution right shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Trustee, 
the Obligor, the Registrar or the Transfer Agents, but upon payment by the transferee of any tax or other 
governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to such transfer (or the giving of such indemnity 
and/or security as the Registrar or the relevant Transfer Agent may require). 
(e) 
Closed Periods: No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Certificate to be registered (i) during 
the period of 15 days ending on (and including) the due date for payment of any Dissolution Distribution 
Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount or any other date on which any payment of the face amount or 
payment of any profit in respect of that Certificate falls due, (ii) during the period of 15 days prior to 
any date on which Certificates may be called for redemption by the Obligor at its option pursuant to 
Condition 9(c), (iii) after any such Certificate has been called for redemption, or (iv) during the period 
of seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date. 
4 
Status 
(a) 
Status of Certificates: The Certificates represent an undivided ownership interest in the relevant Trust 
Assets and are limited recourse obligations of the Trustee. The Certificates will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Trustee and shall at all times rank pari 
passu and without any preference or priority among themselves.

--- Page 78 ---
64 
 
The payment obligations of the Obligor (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge provisions 
described in Condition 7) unsecured obligations of the Obligor and shall (save for such exceptions as 
may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 7), at all times rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Obligor from time to time outstanding. 
(b) 
Limited Recourse and Agreement of Certificateholders: Save as provided in this Condition 4(b), the 
Certificates do not represent an interest in, or obligation of, any of the Trustee, the Delegate or any of 
their respective affiliates. 
The proceeds of the realisation of, or enforcement with respect to, the Trust Assets are the sole source of 
payments on the Certificates. Such proceeds may not be sufficient to make all payments due in respect 
of the Certificates. Certificateholders, by subscribing for or acquiring the Certificates, acknowledge and 
agree that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in these Conditions or any Transaction 
Document: 
(i) 
no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made by the Trustee or any of its respective 
shareholders, directors, officers, employees or agents on its behalf except to the extent funds are 
available therefor from the relevant Trust Assets and no recourse shall be had for the payment of 
any amount due and owing hereunder or under any Transaction Document, whether for the 
payment of any fee, indemnity or other amount hereunder or any other obligation or claim arising 
out of or based upon the Transaction Documents, against the Trustee to the extent the Trust Assets 
have been exhausted, following which all obligations of the Trustee shall be extinguished; 
(ii) 
the Trustee may not sell, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose of the Trust Assets to a third party, 
and may only realise its rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to 
and under the Trust Assets in the manner expressly provided in the Transaction Documents; 
(iii) 
if the proceeds of the Trust Assets are insufficient to make all payments due in respect of the 
Certificates, Certificateholders will have no recourse to any assets of the Trustee (and/or its 
directors, officers, shareholders or corporate services providers in their capacity as such) (other 
than the Trust Assets in the manner and to the extent contemplated by the Transaction 
Documents), or the Trustee Administrator, the Delegate or any of their respective directors, 
officers, employees, agents, shareholders or affiliates, in each case in respect of any shortfall or 
otherwise; 
(iv) 
no Certificateholders will be able to petition for, institute or join with any other person in 
instituting proceedings for, the reorganisation, arrangement, liquidation, bankruptcy, winding-up 
or receivership or other proceedings under any bankruptcy or similar law against the Trustee or 
the Trustee Administrator or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, 
shareholders or affiliates; 
(v) 
no recourse (whether by institution or enforcement of any legal proceedings or assessment or 
otherwise) in respect of any breaches of any duty, obligation or undertaking of the Trustee arising 
under or in connection with the Trust Deed and the Certificates by virtue of any customary law, 
statute or otherwise shall be had against any shareholder, officer, employee, agent, director or 
corporate services provider of the Trustee in its capacity as such. The obligations of the Trustee 
and the Trustee Administrator under the Transaction Documents are corporate or limited liability 
obligations of the Trustee or the Trustee Administrator and no personal liability shall attach to or 
be incurred by the officers or directors of the Trustee in its capacity as such, save in the case of 
the relevant party’s wilful default or actual fraud. Reference in these Conditions to wilful default

--- Page 79 ---
65 
 
or actual fraud means a finding to such effect by a court of competent jurisdiction in relation to 
the conduct of the relevant party; and 
(vi) 
it shall not be entitled to claim or exercise any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of 
such Certificate. No collateral is or will be given for the payment obligations under the 
Certificates (without prejudice to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7). 
Pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, the Obligor is obliged to make certain payments 
directly to or to the order of the Trustee. Such payment obligations form part of the Trust Assets and the 
Trustee and the Delegate (failing which the Certificateholders pursuant to Condition 14(b)) will thereby 
have direct recourse against the Obligor to recover payments due to the Trustee from the Obligor 
pursuant to such Transaction Documents notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4(b). 
Such right of the Trustee and the Delegate shall (subject to the negative pledge provisions described in 
Condition 7) constitute an unsecured claim against the Obligor. None of the Certificateholders, the 
Trustee or the Delegate shall be entitled to claim any priority right in respect of any specific assets of 
the Obligor in connection with the enforcement of any such claim. 
5 
The Trust 
(a) 
Trust Assets: Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the Trustee holds the Trust Assets for each Series upon trust 
absolutely for and on behalf of the Certificateholders of such Series pro rata according to the face 
amount of Certificates held by each holder. The term “Trust Assets” in respect of each Series means the 
following: 
(i) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with the 
terms of the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
any and all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the Trustee 
in, to and under the Wakala Portfolio; 
(iii) 
any and all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the Trustee 
in, to and under the Transaction Documents (other than in relation to the Excluded 
Representations and the covenant given to the Trustee pursuant to clause 13.1 of the Master Trust 
Deed);  
(iv) 
any and all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(v) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
See “Summary of the Principal Transaction Documents” appearing elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
for more information on the Trust Assets and the Transaction Documents. 
(b) 
Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets: On each Periodic Distribution Date and on any Dissolution 
Date, the Principal Paying Agent shall apply the moneys standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction 
Account in the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
first, (to the extent not previously paid) to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to it under 
the Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate (including any amounts owing to the 
Delegate in respect of its Appointees (as defined in the Master Trust Deed)) and to any receiver, 
manager or administrative receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in respect of the 
Trust by the Delegate in accordance with the Trust Deed, in each case as notified to the Principal

--- Page 80 ---
66 
 
Paying Agent, the Trustee and the Obligor on or before such Periodic Distribution Date or 
Dissolution Date, as the case may be; 
(ii) 
second, only if such payment is made on a Periodic Distribution Date, in or towards payment pari 
passu and rateably of all Periodic Distribution Amounts due but unpaid; 
(iii) 
third, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date, in or towards payment pari passu and 
rateably of the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount; and 
(iv) 
fourth, only if such payment is made on a Dissolution Date on which all Certificates of the 
relevant Series are redeemed in full and provided that all amounts required to be paid in respect 
of such Certificates have been discharged in full, in payment of any residual amount to the 
Obligor in its capacity as Service Agent as an incentive payment for its performance as Service 
Agent under the Service Agency Agreement. 
(c) 
Transaction Account: The Trustee will establish a Transaction Account in London in respect of each 
Series prior to the relevant Issue Date. The Transaction Account shall be operated by the Principal Paying 
Agent on behalf of the Trustee and shall be the account into which the Obligor will deposit all amounts 
payable by it to the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents. 
6 
Trustee Covenants 
The Trustee covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding, it shall not (without the prior written 
consent of the Delegate): 
(a) 
incur any indebtedness in respect of financed, borrowed or raised money whatsoever (whether structured 
(or intended to be structured) in accordance with the principles of Shari’a or otherwise), or give any 
guarantee or indemnity in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants 
or options in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) or any other 
certificates except, in all cases, as provided in the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
grant or permit to be outstanding any lien, pledge, charge or other security interest upon any of its present 
or future assets, properties or revenues (other than those arising by operation of law (if any) or permitted 
under or pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents); 
(c) 
sell, lease, transfer, assign, participate, exchange or otherwise dispose of, or pledge, mortgage, 
hypothecate or otherwise encumber (by security interest, lien (statutory or otherwise), preference, 
priority or other security agreement or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever or 
otherwise) (or permit such to occur or suffer such to exist), any part of its interest in any of the Trust 
Assets except pursuant to any of the Transaction Documents; 
(d) 
except as provided in Condition 15, amend or agree to any amendment of any Transaction Document to 
which it is a party (other than in accordance with the terms thereof) or its constitutional documents; 
(e) 
except as provided in the Trust Deed, act as trustee in respect of any trust other than the Trust or in 
respect of any parties other than the Certificateholders; 
(f) 
have any subsidiaries or employees; 
(g) 
redeem or purchase any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders; 
(h) 
use the proceeds of the issue of the Certificates for any purpose other than as stated in the Transaction 
Documents;

--- Page 81 ---
67 
 
(i) 
put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for, or appoint any liquidator for, its winding-up or any 
resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to it; 
or 
(j) 
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the Certificates and the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party or any permitted amendment or supplement thereto or as 
expressly contemplated, permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other 
than: 
(i) 
as contemplated, provided for or permitted in the Transaction Documents; 
(ii) 
the ownership, management and disposal of the Trust Assets as provided in the Transaction 
Documents; and 
(iii) 
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
7 
Obligor Negative Pledge 
The Obligor covenants that, for so long as any Certificate is outstanding it will not, and will procure that none 
of its Principal Subsidiaries will, create or permit to subsist or have outstanding any Security Interest, other than 
a Permitted Security Interest, upon or with respect to the whole or any part of its or their respective present or 
future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant Indebtedness or 
Relevant Sukuk Obligation, or to secure any guarantee or indemnity given in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness or Relevant Sukuk Obligation, without at the same time or prior thereto according to the 
Certificates and its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is party (in whatever capacity) the 
same security as is created, subsisting or outstanding to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, Relevant Sukuk 
Obligation, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as either: (i) the Delegate shall in its absolute 
discretion deem not materially less beneficial to the interests of Certificateholders; or (ii) shall be approved by 
an Extraordinary Resolution. 
8 
Periodic Distribution Amounts 
(a) 
Fixed Rate Certificates: Each Fixed Rate Certificate bears profit on its outstanding face amount from 
the Profit Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Profit 
Rate, such profit being payable in arrear on each Periodic Distribution Date. The amount of profit 
payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 8(f). 
(b) 
Floating Rate Certificates 
(i) 
Periodic Distribution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Dates: Each Floating Rate Certificate 
bears profit on its outstanding face amount from the Profit Commencement Date at the rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Profit Rate, such profit being payable in arrear 
on each Periodic Distribution Date. The amount of profit payable shall be determined in 
accordance with Condition 8(f). Such Periodic Distribution Date(s) is/are either shown in the 
applicable Final Terms as Specified Periodic Distribution Dates or, if no Specified Periodic 
Distribution Date(s) is/are shown in the applicable Final Terms, “Periodic Distribution Date” 
shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown in the applicable 
Final Terms as the Periodic Distribution Period after the preceding Periodic Distribution Date or, 
in the case of the first Periodic Distribution Date, after the Profit Commencement Date.  
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that

--- Page 82 ---
68 
 
is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate 
Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date 
shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been 
subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, 
such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
(iii) 
Profit Rate for Floating Rate Certificates: The Profit Rate in respect of Floating Rate Certificates 
for each Periodic Distribution Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Certificates 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Profit Rate is to be determined, the Profit Rate for each Periodic Distribution 
Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA 
Rate. For the purposes of this paragraph (A) “ISDA Rate” for a Periodic Distribution 
Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation 
Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(x) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(y) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(z) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Periodic Distribution Period unless 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this paragraph (A), “Floating Rate”, “Calculation Agent”, “Floating 
Rate Option”, “Designated Maturity”, “Reset Date” and “Swap Transaction” have the 
meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
The definition of “Fallback Observation Day” in the ISDA Definitions shall be deemed 
deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: ““Fallback Observation Day” 
means, in respect of a Reset Date and the Calculation Period (or any Compounding Period 
included in that Calculation Period) to which that Reset Date relates, unless otherwise 
agreed, the day that is five Business Days preceding the related Payment Date.” 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Certificates 
(I) 
Where Screen Rate Determination not referencing SOFR is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Profit Rate is to be determined: 
(x) 
The Profit Rate for each Periodic Distribution Period will, subject as provided 
below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 83 ---
69 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the 
Relevant Screen Page at the Relevant Time on the Profit Rate Determination Date 
in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such offered 
quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is 
more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(y) 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, or if paragraph (x)(1) above applies 
and no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if paragraph 
(x)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the Relevant Time, subject as provided 
below, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre of each of the Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Profit Rate 
Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Profit Rate for such Periodic 
Distribution Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(z) 
Subject to Condition 8(c) below, if paragraph (y) above applies and the Calculation 
Agent determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered 
quotations, subject as provided below, the Profit Rate shall be the arithmetic mean 
of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the 
request of) the Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of 
them, at which such banks were offered at the Relevant Time on the relevant Profit 
Rate Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to 
that which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, or, if fewer than two of the Reference 
Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Reference Rate, at which, at approximately the Relevant Time, 
on the relevant Profit Rate Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank 
or banks is or are in the opinion of the Trustee suitable for such purpose) informs 
the Calculation Agent it is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre inter-bank market, provided that, if the Profit Rate cannot be determined in 
accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph (z), the Profit Rate shall 
be determined as at the last preceding Profit Rate Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit 
Rate is to be applied to the relevant Periodic Distribution Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Periodic Distribution Period, the Margin or Maximum 
Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate 
relating to that last preceding Periodic Distribution Period).

--- Page 84 ---
70 
 
(II) 
Where Screen Rate Determination Referencing SOFR is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as the manner in which the Profit Rate is to be determined: 
 
the Profit Rate for each Periodic Distribution Period will, subject to Condition 8(c) 
and as provided below, be equal to the relevant SOFR Benchmark plus or minus 
the Margin (if any, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Profit Rate Determination Date. The 
“SOFR Benchmark” will be determined based on Simple SOFR Average, 
Compounded SOFR Average or SOFR Index Average, as follows (subject in each 
case to Condition 8(c)): 
(1) 
If Simple SOFR Average (“Simple SOFR Average”) is specified hereon as 
the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will be determined, the SOFR 
Benchmark specified hereon for each Periodic Distribution Period shall be 
the arithmetic mean of the SOFR reference rates for each day during the 
Periodic Distribution Period, as calculated by the Calculation Agent, and 
where, if applicable and as specified hereon, the SOFR reference rate on the 
SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date shall be used for the days in the period from (and 
including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to (but excluding) the Profit Period 
Date. 
(2) 
If Compounded SOFR Average (“Compounded SOFR Average”) is 
specified hereon as the manner in which the SOFR Benchmark will be 
determined, the SOFR Benchmark for each Periodic Distribution Period 
shall be equal to the compounded average of daily SOFR reference rates for 
each day during (x) where SOFR Observation Lag, SOFR Payment Delay 
or SOFR Lockout is specified as applicable hereon to determine 
Compounded SOFR Average, the relevant Periodic Distribution Period or 
(y) where SOFR Observation Shift is specified as applicable hereon to 
determine Compounded SOFR Average, the SOFR Observation Period, in 
each case as calculated by the Calculation Agent in accordance with one of 
the formulas referenced below depending upon which is specified as 
applicable hereon. 
(i)  
SOFR Observation Lag: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 −×𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈𝑈 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) and where: 
“SOFRi-xUSBD” for any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day “i” in the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, is equal 
to the SOFR reference rate for the U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day falling the number of Lookback Days prior to 
that U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i”; 
“Lookback Days” means such number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified hereon, which shall

--- Page 85 ---
71 
 
(unless otherwise agreed by the Calculation Agent) be no less 
than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“do” for any Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to 
do, representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period; and 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFRi-xUSBD applies. 
(ii) 
SOFR Observation Shift: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” in the relevant SOFR Observation Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”; 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of each 
Periodic Distribution Period, the period from (and including) 
the date falling the number of SOFR Observation Shift Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number of SOFR 
Observation Shift Days prior to the Profit Period Date for such 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days as specified hereon, 
which shall (unless otherwise agreed by the Calculation 
Agent) be no less than five U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant SOFR 
Observation Period;

--- Page 86 ---
72 
 
“do” for any SOFR Observation Period, means the number of 
U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
SOFR Observation Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
from (and including) the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant SOFR Observation Period; and 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant SOFR Observation Period, means the number of 
calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFRi applies. 
(iii) 
SOFR Payment Delay: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) and where: 
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” in the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”; 
“Periodic Distribution Date” shall be the number of Periodic 
Distribution Delay Days following each Profit Period Date; 
provided that the Periodic Distribution Date with respect to the 
final Periodic Distribution Period will be the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or the relevant Optional Dissolution Date; 
“Periodic Distribution Delay Days” means the number of 
Business Days as specified hereon; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“do” for any Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period; and

--- Page 87 ---
73 
 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFRi applies.  
For the purposes of calculating Compounded SOFR Average 
with respect to the final Periodic Distribution Period where 
SOFR Payment Delay is specified hereon, the SOFR reference 
rate for each U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the relevant 
Optional Dissolution Date, as applicable, shall be the SOFR 
reference rate in respect of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date. 
(iv) 
SOFR Lockout: 
ቌෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑖𝑖 × 𝑛𝑛𝑖𝑖
360
൰
𝑑𝑑𝑜𝑜
𝑖𝑖 =1
−1ቍ × 360
𝑑𝑑 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded upwards) and where:  
“SOFRi” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
“i” in the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, is equal to the 
SOFR reference rate for that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day “i”, except that the SOFR for any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day “i” in respect of the 
period from (and including) the SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date to 
(but excluding) the Profit Period Date for such Periodic 
Distribution Period shall be the SOFR reference rate in respect 
of such SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date; 
“d” means the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“do” for any Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of U.S. Government Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period; 
“i” means a series of whole numbers ascending from one to do, 
representing each relevant U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day from (and including) the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period; and 
“ni” for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day “i” in 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, means the number 
of calendar days from (and including) such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day “i” up to (but excluding) the

--- Page 88 ---
74 
 
following U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFRi applies. 
(3) 
If SOFR Index Average (“SOFR Index Average”) is specified as applicable 
hereon, the SOFR Benchmark for each Periodic Distribution Period shall be 
equal to the compounded average of the SOFR reference rates for each day 
during the relevant SOFR Observation Period as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent as follows: 
൬𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸𝐸
𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆 𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆𝑆
−1൰ × ൬360
𝑑𝑑𝑐𝑐
൰ 
with the resulting percentage being rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards) and where: 
“SOFR Averages” shall mean the computation bearing the same name as 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
“SOFR Index”, with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day, means: 
the SOFR Index value as published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website 
at the SOFR Index Determination Time on such U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day, provided that: 
1) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a Benchmark 
Event (or, if Condition 8(c)(2) applies, a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date) 
have not occurred, the “SOFR Index Average” shall be the SOFR 
Index Unavailable Value; or 
2) 
if the value specified above does not appear and a Benchmark 
Event (or, if Condition 8(c)(2) applies, a SOFR Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date) 
have occurred, the provisions set forth in Condition 8(c)(1) or 
Condition 8(c)(2) shall apply as specified hereon; 
“SOFR IndexEnd” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of SOFR IndexEnd Days specified hereon prior to the Profit Period 
Date for such Periodic Distribution Period (or in the final Periodic 
Distribution Period, the Scheduled Dissolution Date);  
“SOFR IndexStart” means the SOFR Index value on the date that is the 
number of SOFR IndexStart Days specified hereon prior to the first day of 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Period; 
“SOFR Index Determination Time” means, in relation to any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day, approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York 
City time) on such U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Index Unavailable” means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd 
is not published on the associated Profit Rate Determination Date and a 
Benchmark Event (or, if Condition 8(c)(2) applies, a SOFR Benchmark

--- Page 89 ---
75 
 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date) has not 
occurred, “SOFR Index Average” means, for the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Period for which such index is not available, the rate of return 
on a daily compounded interest investment calculated in accordance with 
the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions required for such formula, 
published 
on 
the 
SOFR 
Administrator’s 
Website 
at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-rates-
information. For the purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR 
Averages compounding formula and related definitions to “calculation 
period” shall be replaced with “SOFR Observation Period” and the words 
“that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days” shall be removed. If the daily SOFR 
does not so appear for any day “i” in the SOFR Observation Period, SOFR 
for such day “i” shall be SOFR published in respect of the first preceding 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published 
on the SOFR Administrator’s Website. 
“SOFR Observation Period” means, in respect of each Periodic 
Distribution Period, the period from (and including) the date falling the 
number of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Period to (but excluding) the date falling the number 
of SOFR Observation Shift Days prior to the Profit Period Date for such 
Periodic Distribution Period;  
“SOFR Observation Shift Days” means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days as specified hereon, which shall (unless otherwise 
agreed by the Calculation Agent) be no less than five U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days; and 
“dc” means the number of calendar days in the applicable SOFR 
Observation Period. 
(4) 
If the Profit Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions, but without prejudice to Condition 8(c), the Profit Rate shall be 
(i) that determined as at the last preceding Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate is to be applied to the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Periodic Distribution Period, the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate 
or Minimum Profit Rate relating to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit 
Rate relating to that last preceding Periodic Distribution Period) or (ii) if 
there is no such preceding Periodic Distribution Determination Date, the 
initial Profit Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Certificates for the first Periodic Distribution Period had the Certificates 
been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Periodic 
Distribution Period but ending on (and excluding) the Profit 
Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any Maximum Profit 
Rate or Minimum Profit Rate applicable to the first Periodic Distribution 
Period).

--- Page 90 ---
76 
 
(iv) 
Linear Interpolation: Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of a 
Periodic Distribution Period in the applicable Final Terms, the Profit Rate for such Periodic 
Distribution Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line linear 
interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate 
Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating 
Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), 
one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for which 
rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Periodic Distribution Period and 
the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Periodic Distribution Period, 
provided however that, if there is no rate available for the period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Calculation Agent shall determine such rate at such time and 
by reference to such sources as it, in consultation with the Trustee and the Obligor, determines 
appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means, (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated 
Maturity. 
(c) 
Benchmark Replacement 
(1) 
Reference Rate other than SOFR 
This Condition 8(c)(1) shall apply unless Condition 8(c)(2) is specified as applicable in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Condition 8, if the Trustee and the Obligor determine that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the relevant Reference Rate specified in the applicable 
Final Terms when any Profit Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by 
reference to such Reference Rate, then the Trustee and the Obligor will apply the following provisions: 
(i) 
the Trustee and the Obligor shall use their reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine no later than ten Business Days prior 
to the relevant Profit Rate Determination Date relating to the next succeeding Periodic 
Distribution Period, a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread for the purposes of 
determining the Profit Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates 
and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(iv)). The Independent 
Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) shall act and make all determinations pursuant 
to this Condition 8(c) in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner and the Independent 
Adviser shall act as an expert; 
(ii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in each case, the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Profit Rate (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of profit on the Certificates (subject to the 
operation of this Condition 8(c)); 
(iii) 
the Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) for 
each subsequent determination of a relevant Profit Rate (or a relevant component part thereof).

--- Page 91 ---
77 
 
If the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and the Obligor) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) will apply without 
an Adjustment Spread;  
(iv) 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and, in either case, the applicable Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 8(c) and the Independent Adviser, 
following consultation with the Obligor, determines: (A) that amendments to these Conditions, 
the Trust Deed and/or any other Transaction Document (including, without limitation, 
amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Profit Rate Determination 
Date or Relevant Screen Page) are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor 
Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (B) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then, at the direction and expense of the Obligor and subject to the delivery of a 
notice in accordance with Condition 8(c)(v) and the certificate in accordance with this Condition 
8(c)(iv): (x) the Trustee and the Obligor shall vary these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any 
other Transaction Document to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the 
date specified in such notice; and (y) the Delegate and the Agents shall (at the Obligor’s expense), 
without any requirement for the consent or sanction of Certificateholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Trustee and the Obligor in effecting such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), provided that neither 
the Delegate nor any Agent shall be obliged so to concur if doing so would impose, in its opinion, 
more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any liability against which it is not adequately 
indemnified and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or impose any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions 
afforded to it in any way. 
Prior to any such Benchmark Amendments taking effect, the Obligor shall provide a certificate 
signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Obligor to the Trustee, the Delegate and the Agents, 
(A) confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate or, as the case 
may be, the Alternative Reference Rate and in either case (if determined) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iii) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in each 
case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(c); and (B) certifying 
that such Benchmark Amendments are: (i) in the opinion of the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Trustee and the Obligor, necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate and/or (in either case) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread; and (ii) in each case, have been drafted solely to such effect, and the Trustee, the Delegate 
and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificates without further enquiry or liability to 
any person. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Delegate or any Agent shall be liable to the 
Certificateholders or any other person for so acting or relying on such certificate, irrespective of 
whether any such modification is or may be materially prejudicial to the interests of any such 
person. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of wilful default, manifest 
error or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Delegate’s or the Trustee’s or the Agents’ ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Obligor, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents and the Certificateholders;

--- Page 92 ---
78 
 
(v) 
the Trustee (failing which, the Obligor) shall promptly, following the determination of any 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable), Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments under this Condition 8(c) and delivery of the certificate 
referred to in Condition 8(c)(iv), notify the Delegate, the Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 18, the Certificateholders thereof, confirming: (A) that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred; (B) the Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable); (C) any 
applicable Adjustment Spread; and (D) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any) 
and that such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and, in either case, any applicable 
Adjustment Spread. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the 
Benchmark Amendments, if any;  
(vi) 
if, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the determination of the 
Profit Rate (or the relevant component part thereof) on the immediately following Profit Rate 
Determination Date, no Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) is 
determined pursuant to this Condition 8(c), then the Profit Rate applicable to the next succeeding 
Periodic Distribution Period shall be equal to the Profit Rate as at the immediately preceding 
Profit Rate Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum 
Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate is to be applied to the relevant Periodic Distribution Period 
from that which applied to the last preceding Periodic Distribution Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate relating to that 
last preceding Periodic Distribution Period). If there has not been a first Periodic Distribution 
Date, the Profit Rate shall be the initial Profit Rate. For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 
8(c)(vi) shall apply to the relevant Periodic Distribution Period only and any subsequent Periodic 
Distribution Periods are subject to the operation of and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 8(c); 
(vii) 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Trustee and the Obligor under Condition 8(c)(i), (ii), 
(iii) and (iv), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 
8(b)(iii)(B)(y) and (z) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred; 
and 
(viii) notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if following the determination of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Reference Rate, Adjustment Spread or Benchmark Amendments (if 
any), in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative 
courses of action in making any determination or calculation under this Condition 8, the 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee and the Obligor thereof and the Trustee and 
the Obligor shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action 
to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction or is otherwise 
unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) to make such 
calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Trustee and the Obligor thereof and 
the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination and 
(in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or fraud) shall not incur any liability for 
not doing so. 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meaning set out below:

--- Page 93 ---
79 
 
“Adjustment Spread” means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or (b) a 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case, to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Reference Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Reference Rate) the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and the Obligor) determines is 
customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Reference Rate (as the case 
may be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted 
replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and the Obligor) determines 
that no such spread, formula or methodology is customarily applied) the Independent Adviser 
(following consultation with the Trustee and Obligor) determines is recognised or acknowledged 
as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Reference Rate (as the case may be);  
“Alternative Reference Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser (following consultation with the Trustee and Obligor) determines, in accordance with this 
Condition 8(c), is customarily applied in international debt capital markets transactions for the purposes 
of determining rates of interest or profit (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Certificates; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c)(iv); 
“Benchmark Event” means: (i) the Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or (ii) a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate 
that it has ceased or that it will cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the 
Reference Rate); or (iii) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, 
that the Reference Rate has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or (iv) a public 
statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate as a consequence of which the 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of the Certificates; or 
(v) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate that, in the view of 
such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market or the 
methodology to calculate such Reference Rate has materially changed; or (vi) it has become unlawful 
for the Trustee, the Obligor, the Calculation Agent or any Paying Agent to calculate any payments due 
to be made to any Certificateholder using the Reference Rate, provided that in the case of sub-paragraphs 
(ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), the Benchmark Event shall occur on the date of the cessation of publication of the 
Reference Rate, the discontinuation of the Reference Rate, the prohibition of use of the Reference Rate, 
or the date from which, in the view of the relevant supervisor, the Reference Rate will no longer be 
representative of the relevant underlying market or from which the methodology to calculate such 
Reference Rate will have materially changed, as the case may be, and not the date of the relevant public 
statement; 
“Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page” means the Bloomberg screen designated “SOFRRATE” or any 
successor page or service.

--- Page 94 ---
80 
 
“Financial Stability Board” means the organisation established by the Group of Twenty (G20) in April 
2009; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser of recognised standing with appropriate expertise appointed by the Trustee 
and the Obligor at the Obligor’s expense; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a reference rate: (i) the central bank for the currency 
to which the reference rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored 
by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of: (A) the central bank for the currency to 
which the reference rate relates; (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate; (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks 
or other supervisory authorities; or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Reuters Page USDSOFR=” means the Reuters page designated “USDSOFR=” or any successor page 
or service; 
“SOFR” means, in respect of any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the reference rate 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following provision: 
(i) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as such 
reference rate is reported on the Bloomberg Screen SOFRRATE Page; the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate published at the SOFR Determination Time as such reference rate is reported on 
the Reuters Page USDSOFR=; or the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published at the SOFR 
Determination Time on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
(ii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a Benchmark Event (or, if 
Condition 8(c)(2) applies, a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date) have not occurred, the SOFR reference rate shall be the reference rate 
published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website for the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which SOFR was published on the SOFR Administrator’s Website; 
or 
(iii) 
if the reference rate specified in (i) above does not appear and a Benchmark Event (or, if 
Condition 8(c)(2) applies, a SOFR Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date) have occurred, the provisions set forth in paragraph (1) of Condition 8(c) or 
paragraph (2) of Condition 8(c) shall apply as specified hereon; 
“SOFR Administrator’s Website” means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(currently, being https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/reference-rates/sofr-averages-and-index), or any 
successor source; 
“SOFR Benchmark Event” means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect 
to the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof): 
(i) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the 
Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the 
time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or

--- Page 95 ---
81 
 
(ii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or 
such component), an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator 
for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or 
resolution authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator 
of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or 
(iii) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator 
of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer representative; 
“SOFR Benchmark Transition Event” means the occurrence of a SOFR Benchmark Event with 
respect to the then-current SOFR Benchmark; 
“SOFR Determination Time” means approximately 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day; 
“SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date” means the date that is a number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days prior to the end of each Periodic Distribution Period, the Scheduled Dissolution Date or the relevant 
Dissolution Date, as applicable, as specified hereon, which shall (unless otherwise agreed by the 
Calculation Agent) be no less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days; 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; and 
“U.S. Government Securities Business Day” means any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day 
on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income 
departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities. 
(2) 
SOFR 
This Condition 8(c)(2) shall only apply where Condition 8(c)(2) is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
If the Obligor determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a SOFR Benchmark 
Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the-then current 
Benchmark, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all 
purposes relating to the Certificates in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. 
(ii) 
In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Obligor will have the 
right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time. The Delegate 
and each of the Agents shall, at the direction and expense of the Obligor, effect such Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes to the Trust Deed, Agency Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required to give effect to this Condition 8(c)(2), provided that neither the Delegate nor 
any Agent shall be obliged so to concur if doing so would impose, in its opinion, more onerous 
obligations upon it or expose it to any liability against which it is not adequately indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction or impose any additional duties, 
responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend its rights and/or the protective provisions

--- Page 96 ---
82 
 
afforded to it. Certificateholders’ consent shall not be required in connection with effecting any 
such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, including the execution of any documents 
or any steps to be taken by any of the Delegate or the Agents (if required). Further, none of the 
Delegate, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrars or the Transfer Agents shall 
be responsible or liable for any determinations, decisions or elections made by the Obligor with 
respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes or 
any other changes and shall be entitled to rely conclusively on any certifications provided to each 
of them in this regard. 
(iii) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Obligor pursuant to this 
Condition 8(c)(2), including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of 
the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or 
refrain from taking any action or any selection (i) will be conclusive and binding absent manifest 
error, (ii) will be made in the sole discretion of the Obligor, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in the documentation relating to the Certificates, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Certificates or any other party. 
(iv) 
The Obligor shall promptly, following the determination of any Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes, determined under this Condition 8(c)(2), give notice to the 
Certificateholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on which 
such changes take effect. 
Prior to any such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes taking effect, the Obligor shall 
provide a certificate signed by two Authorised Signatories of the Obligor to the Trustee, the 
Delegate and the Agents, (A) confirming (i) that a SOFR Benchmark Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred, (ii) the relevant Benchmark Replacement and any 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and (iii) the specific terms of the relevant Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions 
of this Condition 8(c); and (B) certifying that such Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes are: (i) necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Benchmark Replacement and 
any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; and (ii) in each case, have been drafted solely to such 
effect, and the Trustee, the Delegate and the Agents shall be entitled to rely on such certificates 
without further enquiry or liability to any person. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Delegate 
or any Agent shall be liable to the Certificateholders or any other person for so acting or relying 
on such certificate, irrespective of whether any such modification is or may be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any such person. 
The Benchmark Replacement, any Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and any Benchmark 
Replacement Conforming Changes specified in such certificate will (in the absence of wilful 
default, manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Benchmark Replacement, 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes and 
without prejudice to the Delegate’s or the Trustee’s or the Agents’ ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Obligor, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Agents and the 
Certificateholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if following the determination of any 
Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, in the Calculation Agent’s opinion there is any 
uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any determination or 
calculation under this Condition 8, the Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Trustee and

--- Page 97 ---
83 
 
the Obligor thereof and the Trustee and the Obligor shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing 
as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly provided 
with such direction, or is otherwise unable (other than due to its own gross negligence, wilful 
default or fraud) to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the 
Trustee and the Obligor thereof and the Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make 
such calculation or determination and (in the absence of such gross negligence, wilful default or 
fraud) shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(v) 
The following defined terms shall have the meanings set out below for the purpose of this 
Condition 8(c)(2):  
“Benchmark” means, initially, the relevant SOFR Benchmark specified hereon; provided that if the 
Obligor determines that a Replacement Date has occurred with respect to the relevant SOFR Benchmark 
(including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then “Benchmark” means the applicable Benchmark Replacement; 
“Benchmark Replacement” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be 
determined by the Obligor as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the sum of:  
(i) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant 
Governmental Body as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark (including any 
daily published component used in the calculation thereof); and  
(ii) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
(2) 
the sum of:  
(i) 
the ISDA Fallback Rate; and  
(ii) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the sum of:  
(i) 
the alternate reference rate that has been selected by the Obligor for the then-current 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted reference rate as a replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation 
thereof) for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate Certificates at such time; and  
(ii) 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; 
“Benchmark Replacement Adjustment” means the first alternative set forth in the order below that 
can be determined by the Obligor as of the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which 
may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected or recommended by the 
Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement; 
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA Fallback Rate, 
the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or 
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected 
by the Obligor giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-current

--- Page 98 ---
84 
 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) with the 
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated Floating Rate 
Certificates at such time; 
“Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes” means, with respect to any Benchmark 
Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the timing and 
frequency of determining rates and making payments of profit, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other 
administrative matters) the Obligor decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Obligor 
decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Obligor determines that no market practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other 
manner as the Obligor determines is reasonably necessary); 
“Benchmark Replacement Date” means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to 
the then-current Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof): 
(1) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (i) or (ii) of the definition of “SOFR Benchmark Event”, the later 
of: 
(i) 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein; and  
(ii) 
the date on which the administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases 
to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or 
(2) 
in the case of sub-paragraph (iii) of the definition of “SOFR Benchmark Event”, the date of the 
public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the 
same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark 
Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination; 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, 
or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
“ISDA Fallback Adjustment” means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value 
or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined 
upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark; 
“ISDA Fallback Rate” means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the 
ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index cessation date with respect to the 
Benchmark (including any daily published component used in the calculation thereof) for the applicable 
tenor excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment; 
“Reference Time” with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (1) if the Benchmark is 
the SOFR Benchmark, the SOFR Determination Time (where Simple SOFR Average or Compounded 
SOFR Average is specified as applicable hereon) or SOFR Index Determination Time (where SOFR 
Index Average is specified as applicable hereon), or (2) if the Benchmark is not the SOFR Benchmark, 
the time determined by the Obligor after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming 
Changes; 
“Relevant Governmental Body” means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto; and

--- Page 99 ---
85 
 
“Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement” means the Benchmark Replacement excluding the 
Benchmark Replacement Adjustment.  
(d) 
Entitlement to Profit: Profit shall cease to accumulate in respect of any Certificate on any Dissolution 
Date or other due date for redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or 
refused, in which event profit shall continue to accumulate (both before and after judgment) at the Profit 
Rate in the manner provided in this Condition 8 to the earlier of (i) the Relevant Date; or (ii) the date on 
which the relevant Exercise Price or, if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event Put Right 
Exercise Price, as applicable, has been paid and (in respect of such redemption in whole) a sale 
agreement has been executed in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Margin, Maximum Profit Rates/Minimum Profit Rates and Rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin is specified in the applicable Final Terms (either (x) generally or (y) in relation to 
one or more Periodic Distribution Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Profit Rates, in the 
case of (x), or the Profit Rates for the specified Periodic Distribution Periods, in the case of (y), 
calculated in accordance with Condition 8(b) by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the 
absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin, subject always to paragraph (ii) below. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum Profit Rate or Minimum Profit Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
then any Profit Rate shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point 
being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if 
the eighth significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) 
and (z) all currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such 
currency (with half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded 
down to the nearest yen. For these purposes, “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency 
that is available as legal tender in the country or countries of such currency. 
(f) 
Calculations: The amount of profit payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Certificate for any 
Periodic Distribution Period shall be equal to the product of the Profit Rate, the Calculation Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Day Count Fraction for such Periodic Distribution Period, 
unless a Profit Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable to such Periodic Distribution Period, in which case the amount of profit payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Certificate for such Periodic Distribution Period shall equal such 
Profit Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). In respect of any other period for 
which profit is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which profit is required to be calculated. 
(g) 
Publication of Profit Rates, Profit Amounts and Dissolution Distribution Amounts: The Calculation 
Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Profit Rate Determination Date, or such other time on such 
date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or 
make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Profit Amounts for the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Period, calculate the Dissolution Distribution Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Profit Rate and 
the Profit Amounts for each Periodic Distribution Period and the relevant Periodic Distribution Date 
and, if required to be calculated, the relevant Dissolution Distribution Amount, to be notified to the

--- Page 100 ---
86 
 
Delegate, the Trustee, the Obligor, each of the Paying Agents, the Certificateholders, any other 
Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Certificates that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Certificates are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such 
exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as 
possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a 
Profit Rate and Profit Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. 
To the extent that the Calculation Agent is unable to notify a stock exchange or other relevant authority, 
the Calculation Agent shall notify the Obligor who shall perform such obligation. Where any Periodic 
Distribution Date or Profit Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 8(b)(ii), the Profit 
Amounts and the Periodic Distribution Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made with the consent of the Delegate by way of adjustment) without notice in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the Periodic Distribution Period. If the Certificates become 
due and payable under Condition 13, the accrued profit and the Profit Rate payable in respect of the 
Certificates shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 
8 but no publication of the Profit Rate or the Profit Amount so calculated need be made unless the 
Delegate otherwise requires. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation 
and the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(h) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Business Day” means: 
(i) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, and unless the applicable Final Terms specify that the 
Floating Rate Periodic Distribution Provisions apply and the Reference Rate is SOFR 
Benchmark, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in such currency in London and each Business Centre (other 
than the TARGET System) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
if the applicable Final Terms specify that the Floating Rate Periodic Distribution Provisions apply 
and the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark, a day which is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking 
institutions in those cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; 
(iii) 
if the TARGET System is specified as a Business Centre in the applicable Final Terms, a day on 
which the TARGET System is open; and 
(iv) 
either (A) in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the principal financial 
centre for such currency or (B) in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET System is 
operating (a “TARGET Business Day”). 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of profit on any Certificate for 
any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or 
not constituting a Periodic Distribution Period, the “Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual – ISDA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion

--- Page 101 ---
87 
 
of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of a Periodic Distribution Date falling in 
a leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹= [360 × (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹= [360 × (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 102 ---
88 
 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷𝐷 𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶𝐶 𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹𝐹= [360 × (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 × (𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(viii) if “Actual/Actual-ICMA” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year 
where: 
“Determination Period” means the period from and including a Determination Date in any year to but 
excluding the next Determination Date; and 
“Determination Date” means the date(s) specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is 
so specified, the Periodic Distribution Date(s);

--- Page 103 ---
89 
 
(i) 
Calculation Agent: The Trustee shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation 
Agents if provision is made for them in the applicable Final Terms and for so long as any Certificate is 
outstanding. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Certificates, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation Agent 
performing its respective duties under these Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such, or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Profit Rate for a Periodic Distribution 
Period or to calculate any Profit Amount or any Dissolution Distribution Amount, as the case may be, or 
to comply with any other requirement, the Trustee shall (with the prior approval of the Delegate) appoint 
a leading bank or financial institution engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any 
other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not 
resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
9 
Redemption and Dissolution of the Trust 
(a) 
Dissolution on the Scheduled Dissolution Date: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and 
cancelled, in full, as provided below, each Certificate shall be finally redeemed at its Dissolution 
Distribution Amount on the Scheduled Dissolution Date specified in the applicable Final Terms and 
following the payment of all such amounts in full and the execution of a sale agreement pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
(b) 
Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons: If: 
(i) 
(A) the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as described under 
Condition 11 as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any 
Relevant Jurisdiction or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or 
regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the relevant Series, and (B) such obligation 
cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures available to it; or 
(ii) 
(A) the Trustee has received notice from the Obligor that the Obligor has or will become obliged 
to pay additional amounts to the Trustee pursuant to the terms of any Transaction Document as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of any Relevant Jurisdiction or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the 
first Tranche of the relevant Series, and (B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Obligor 
taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(the occurrence of an event described in Condition 9(b)(i) or (ii) being a “Tax Event”), the Trustee shall, 
upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from the Obligor in accordance with the Sale and 
Substitution Undertaking, on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of irrevocable notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders, redeem the Certificates in whole, but not in part, on any Periodic Distribution Date 
(if this Certificate is a Floating Rate Certificate) or at any time (if this Certificate is a Fixed Rate 
Certificate) (such dissolution date being an “Early Tax Dissolution Date”), at their Dissolution 
Distribution Amount, provided that no such notice of dissolution may be given earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Trustee or the Obligor, as the case may be, would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Certificates (in the case of the Trustee) or to the 
Trustee pursuant to any Transaction Document (in the case of the Obligor) then due.

--- Page 104 ---
90 
 
Prior to the publication of any notice of dissolution pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the Trustee or the 
Obligor, as the case may be, shall deliver to the Delegate: 
(aa) 
a certificate signed by two directors and/or Authorised Signatories of the Trustee (in the case of 
Condition 9(b)(i)) or the Obligor (in the case of Condition 9(b)(ii)) stating that the obligation 
referred to in Condition 9(b)(i) or 9(b)(ii), as the case may be, has arisen and cannot be avoided 
by the Trustee or the Obligor, as the case may be, taking reasonable measures available to it; 
and 
(bb) 
an opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the 
Trustee or the Obligor, as the case may be, has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment, 
and the Delegate shall be entitled to accept and rely on (without liability to any person) such certificate 
and opinion as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out in Condition 
9(b)(i) or, as the case may be, Condition 9(b)(ii) above, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding 
on Certificateholders. 
Upon expiry of any such notice given in accordance with this Condition 9(b), payment in full of the 
Dissolution Distribution Amount to Certificateholders and execution of a sale agreement pursuant to the 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
(c) 
Dissolution at the Option of the Obligor (Optional Dissolution Right): If Optional Dissolution Right 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly 
completed Exercise Notice from the Obligor in accordance with the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, 
on giving not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of irrevocable notice 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Delegate and the Certificateholders, redeem the Certificates 
in whole or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, in part on any Optional Dissolution Date. Any 
such redemption of Certificates shall be at their Dissolution Distribution Amount. Any such redemption 
or exercise must relate to Certificates of a face amount at least equal to the Minimum Optional 
Dissolution Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than the 
Maximum Optional Dissolution Amount to be redeemed specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
All Certificates in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 9(c). 
In the case of a partial redemption, the notice to Certificateholders shall also specify the face amount of 
Certificates drawn and the holder(s) of such Certificates to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn 
in such place and in such manner as the Trustee and the Delegate deem appropriate, subject to 
compliance with any applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. 
If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be redeemed in accordance with this Condition 9(c), 
upon payment in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all Certificateholders and execution of 
a sale agreement pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to 
dissolve the Trust. 
For Shari'a reasons, the Optional Dissolution Right and the Certificateholder Put Right may not both be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series. 
(d) 
Dissolution at the Option of Certificateholders (Certificateholder Put Right): If Certificateholder 
Put Right is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee shall, at the option of the 
holder of any Certificate, upon the holder of such Certificate giving not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the Trustee,

--- Page 105 ---
91 
 
redeem such Certificate on the Certificateholder Put Right Date at its Dissolution Distribution Amount. 
For the purposes thereof, the Trustee shall deliver to the Obligor a duly completed Exercise Notice in 
accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking. If the Certificates are to be redeemed in 
whole, but not in part, on any Certificateholder Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 9(d), 
upon payment in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all Certificateholders and execution of 
a sale agreement pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit the Registered Certificate representing such 
Certificate(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed exercise notice (a “Certificateholder Put Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from any 
Paying Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the notice period. No Registered 
Certificate so deposited and right exercised may be withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency 
Agreement) without the prior consent of the Trustee. 
For Shari'a reasons, the Certificateholder Put Right and the Optional Dissolution Right may not both be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of any Series. 
(e) 
Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put Right) 
If a Tangibility Event occurs, upon receipt of a Tangibility Event Notice from the Obligor in accordance 
with the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee shall promptly give notice to the Certificateholders and 
the Delegate (a “Delisting Notice”) in accordance with Condition 18 specifying: 
(i) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(ii) 
that, as determined in consultation with the Bank’s Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board, the 
Certificates shall only be tradeable in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt trading; 
(iii) 
that, on the Tangibility Event Delisting Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any stock 
exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have been admitted to trading; and 
(iv) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period the holder of any Certificates shall 
have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
Upon receipt of the Delisting Notice, any Certificateholder may exercise its option within the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Period to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
If any Certificateholder exercises its option to redeem its Certificates in accordance with this Condition 
9(e), the Trustee shall deliver to the Obligor a duly completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the 
provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and redeem such Certificates on the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Date at their Dissolution Distribution Amount. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are to be 
redeemed on any Tangibility Event Put Right Date in accordance with this Condition 9(e), upon payment 
in full of the Dissolution Distribution Amount to all Certificateholders and execution of a sale agreement 
pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
To exercise such option, the holder must deposit the Registered Certificate representing such 
Certificate(s) with the Registrar or any Transfer Agent at its specified office, together with a duly 
completed exercise notice (a “Tangibility Event Put Notice”) in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent, the Registrar or any Transfer Agent (as applicable) within the Tangibility Event Put Right Period. 
No Registered Certificate so deposited and option to redeem so exercised may be withdrawn (except as 
provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Trustee.

--- Page 106 ---
92 
 
If 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates then outstanding have been redeemed 
pursuant to this Condition 9(e), the Trustee shall, upon receipt of a duly completed Exercise Notice from 
the Obligor pursuant to the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, on giving not less than 30 days’ nor more 
than 60 days’ notice to the Delegate and the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 (such 
notice to be given within 30 days of the Tangibility Event Put Right Date), redeem the Certificates in 
whole, but not in part, at their Dissolution Distribution Amount on the date specified in such notice (such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to redeem the Certificates on such date (the 
“Clean Up Call Dissolution Date”)) (the “Clean Up (Call) Right”). 
(f) 
Dissolution following a Dissolution Event: Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, the 
Certificates may be redeemed at their Dissolution Distribution Amount. For the purposes thereof, the 
Trustee may deliver to the Obligor a duly completed Exercise Notice in accordance with the Purchase 
Undertaking and, following the payment of all such amounts in full, the Trustee shall dissolve the Trust, 
in each case subject to and as more particularly described in Condition 13. 
(g) 
Purchases: Each of the Obligor and/or any Subsidiary of the Obligor may at any time purchase 
Certificates at any price in the open market or otherwise. Any Certificates held by the Obligor or any of 
the Obligor’s Subsidiaries shall not entitle the holder to exercise any voting rights and shall not be 
deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums, meetings or for passing Extraordinary 
Resolutions for the purposes of Condition 15(a). 
(h) 
Cancellation: All Certificates purchased by or on behalf of the Obligor or any of the Obligor’s 
Subsidiaries may be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering the Registered Certificate representing 
such Certificates to the Registrar and by the Obligor delivering to the Trustee a duly completed 
Cancellation Notice in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Any Certificates so surrendered, 
together with all Certificates that are redeemed in accordance with this Condition 9 and/or Condition 13, 
shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be held, reissued or resold and the obligations of the Trustee in 
respect of any such Certificates shall be discharged. If all (and not some only) of the Certificates are 
cancelled in accordance with this Condition 9(h), the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
(i) 
No other dissolution: The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem the Certificates or dissolve the Trust 
other than as provided in this Condition 9 and Condition 13. Upon payment in full of all amounts due in 
respect of the Certificates of any Series, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. Upon such 
dissolution, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts 
shall be payable, and the Trustee shall have no further obligations, in respect thereof. 
10 Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment: Payments of the Dissolution Distribution Amount shall be made against 
presentation and (if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Certificates represented thereby) 
surrender of the relevant Registered Certificate at the specified office of any of the Transfer Agents or 
of the Registrar and in the manner provided below. 
Payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts in respect of each Certificate shall be made to the person 
shown on the Register (or, in the case of a Certificate held by two or more persons, to the person whose 
name appears first in the Register) at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for 
payment thereof (the “Record Date”). 
Payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts and the Dissolution Distribution Amount in respect of each 
Certificate shall be made in the Specified Currency by transfer to an account in the Specified Currency 
maintained by the payee with a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or, in the case of

--- Page 107 ---
93 
 
euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System, as notified by the holder to the 
specified office of the Registrar or any Transfer Agent before the Record Date. 
If the amount being paid upon surrender of the relevant Registered Certificate is less than the Dissolution 
Distribution Amount of such Registered Certificate, the Registrar will annotate the Register with the 
amount of principal so paid and will (if so requested by the Trustee or a Certificateholder) issue a new 
Registered Certificate with a principal amount equal to the remaining unpaid outstanding principal 
amount. If the Periodic Distribution Amount being paid is less than the amount then due, the Registrar 
will annotate the Register with the amount so paid. 
(b) 
Payments subject to Laws: Payments are subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of 
Condition 11 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in 
Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant 
to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official 
interpretations thereof or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11), any law implementing 
an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the 
Certificateholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Appointment of Agents: The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the Transfer 
Agents and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Trustee and the Obligor and their respective 
specified offices are listed below. The Principal Paying Agent, the Paying Agents, the Registrar, the 
Transfer Agents and the Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Trustee and the Obligor and do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any Certificateholder. The Trustee 
reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Delegate to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Principal Paying Agent, any other Paying Agent, the Registrar, any Transfer Agent 
or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or other Paying Agents, Transfer Agents or 
Calculation Agent(s), provided that the Trustee shall at all times maintain (i) a Principal Paying Agent, 
(ii) a Registrar, (iii) a Transfer Agent, (iv) one or more Calculation Agent(s) where these Conditions so 
require, (v) a Paying Agent having a specified office in at least one major European city and (vi) such 
other agents as may be required by any stock exchange on which the Certificates may be listed, in each 
case as approved by the Delegate. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given by the Trustee 
to the Certificateholders. 
(d) 
Payment only on a Payment Business Day: If any date for payment in respect of any Certificate is not 
a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment 
Business Day, nor to any profit or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this Condition 
10(d), “Payment Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the place in which the specified office of the Registrar 
is located, in such jurisdictions as shall be specified as Financial Centres in the applicable Final Terms 
and: 
(i) 
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by transfer 
to an account maintained with a bank in the Specified Currency, on which foreign exchange 
transactions may be carried on in the Specified Currency in the principal financial centre of the 
country of such Specified Currency; or 
(ii) 
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 108 ---
94 
 
11 Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Certificates shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding, retention 
or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of 
any Relevant Jurisdiction, unless such withholding, retention or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Trustee shall pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the Certificateholders (after such 
withholding, retention or deduction) of such net amounts as would have been receivable by them had no such 
withholding, retention or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Certificate: 
(a) 
Other connection: held by or on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
fees, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Certificate by reason of his having some 
connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of the Certificate; or 
(b) 
Surrender more than 30 days after the Relevant Date: in respect of which the Registered Certificate 
representing it is presented or surrendered for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except 
to the extent that the holder of it would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting or 
surrendering such Registered Certificate for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days assuming 
that day to have been a Payment Business Day (in accordance with Condition 10(d)). 
As used in these Conditions: 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Certificate, the date on which payment in respect of it first becomes 
due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date on which payment in 
full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date seven days after that on which notice is duly given 
to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 that, upon further presentation of the Registered 
Certificate representing such Certificate being made in accordance with these Conditions, such payment will 
be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation; and 
“Relevant Jurisdiction” means the Cayman Islands or the State of Kuwait or any political subdivision or 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax. 
References in these Conditions to “Periodic Distribution Amounts” and the “Dissolution Distribution 
Amount” shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this Condition 11 or 
any undertaking given in addition to or in substitution for it under the Trust Deed. 
The Transaction Documents provide that payments thereunder by the Obligor shall be made without any 
withholding, retention or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, 
fees, assessments or other governmental charges of any nature, unless such withholding, retention or deduction 
is required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If any such withholding, retention or 
deduction is required by law, the Transaction Documents provide for the payment by the Obligor of all 
additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee or the Delegate, as applicable, of such net amounts 
as would have been receivable by it if no such withholding, retention or deduction had been made. 
Further, in accordance with the terms of the Master Trust Deed, the Obligor has unconditionally and 
irrevocably undertaken to (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, in the event that 
the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant to this Condition 11, pay to 
or to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) such net amounts as are necessary so 
that the amount receivable by the Delegate (after any such withholding, retention or deduction) equals any and 
all additional amounts, required to be paid by it in respect of the Certificates pursuant to this Condition 11.

--- Page 109 ---
95 
 
12 Prescription 
Claims against the Trustee for payment in respect of the Certificates shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within 10 years (in the case of the Dissolution Distribution Amount), or five years (in the case of Periodic 
Distribution Amounts) from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
13 Dissolution Events 
(a) 
Dissolution Event: Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event: 
(i) 
the Delegate, upon receiving written notice thereof under the Trust Deed of a Dissolution Event, 
shall (subject to it being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) 
promptly give notice of the occurrence of the Dissolution Event to the Certificateholders with a 
request to the Certificateholders to indicate to the Trustee and the Delegate in writing or by 
Extraordinary Resolution if they wish the Certificates to be redeemed (in whole but not in part) 
and the Trust to be dissolved; and 
(ii) 
the Delegate in its sole discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the holders of at least 20 
per cent. of the then aggregate face amount of the Series of Certificates outstanding or if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution shall, (subject, in each case, to being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) give notice (a “Dissolution Notice”) to the Trustee, 
the Obligor and the Certificateholders that the Certificates are immediately due and payable at 
the Dissolution Distribution Amount, whereupon they shall become so due and payable. A 
Dissolution Notice may be given pursuant to this Condition 13(a)(ii) whether or not notice has 
been given to Certificateholders as provided in Condition 13(a)(i). 
Upon receipt of such Dissolution Notice, the Trustee (or the Delegate in the name of the Trustee) 
shall deliver an Exercise Notice to the Obligor under the Purchase Undertaking. The Trustee (or 
the Delegate in the name of the Trustee) shall use the proceeds thereof and the aggregate amount 
of the Deferred Payment Price then outstanding to redeem the Certificates at the Dissolution 
Distribution Amount on the date specified in the relevant Dissolution Notice (the relevant 
“Dissolution Event Redemption Date”) and the Trust shall be dissolved on the day after the last 
outstanding Certificate has been so redeemed in full. Upon payment in full of such amounts and 
dissolution of the Trust as aforesaid, the Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust 
Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof, and the Trustee shall have no 
further obligations in respect thereof. 
(b) 
Enforcement and Exercise of Rights: If, following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event, any amount 
payable in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series has not been paid in full (notwithstanding the 
provisions of Condition 13(a))), the Trustee or the Delegate (subject to it being indemnified and/or 
secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction) may (acting for the benefit of the Certificateholders), failing 
which the Certificateholders (subject to Condition 14(b)) may, take one or more of the following steps: 
(i) 
enforce the provisions of the Transaction Documents against the Obligor; and/or 
(ii) 
take such other actions or steps or institute such proceedings as the Trustee or the Delegate, or as 
the case may be, the Certificateholders, may consider necessary to recover amounts due to the 
Certificateholders.

--- Page 110 ---
96 
 
14 Realisation of Trust Assets 
(a) 
Neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be bound in any circumstances to take any action or step or 
institute any proceedings to enforce or to realise the relevant Trust Assets or take any action or step or 
institute any proceedings against the Obligor or (in the case of the Delegate) against the Trustee under 
any Transaction Document to which either of the Trustee or the Obligor is a party unless directed or 
requested to do so: (i) by an Extraordinary Resolution; or (ii) in writing by the holders of at least 20 per 
cent. of the aggregate face amount of the Series of Certificates for the time being outstanding and, in 
each case, if it shall have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(b) 
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the Obligor unless the 
Delegate or the Trustee, as the case may be, having become bound so to proceed (i) fails to do so within 
a reasonable period or (ii) is unable for any reason (including by reason of an order of a court having 
competent jurisdiction) to do so, and in each case such failure or inability is continuing. Under no 
circumstances shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other 
disposition of any of the relevant Trust Assets (other than as expressly contemplated in the Transaction 
Documents) and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against the Trustee and the 
Obligor shall be to enforce the Trustee’s and the Obligor’s respective obligations under the Certificates 
and the Transaction Documents to which they are a party. 
(c) 
Conditions 14(a) and 14(b) are subject to this Condition 14(c). After enforcing or realising the Trust 
Assets in respect of the Certificates of the relevant Series and distributing the net proceeds thereof in 
accordance with Condition 5(b), the obligations of the Trustee in respect of the Certificates shall be 
satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any further steps against the Trustee or the Delegate to 
recover any further sums in respect of the Certificates and the right to receive from the Trustee any such 
sums remaining unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder shall be entitled in 
respect thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of the Trustee. 
15 Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Certificateholders: The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings (including 
by way of telephony or electronic platform or facility) of Certificateholders to consider any matter 
affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification or 
abrogation of any of these Conditions or any provisions of the Trust Deed or any other Transaction 
Document. Such a meeting may be convened by the Trustee, the Obligor or the Delegate at any time, or 
by Certificateholders holding not less than 10 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for 
the time being outstanding. The quorum for any meeting convened to consider an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate 
more than 50 per cent. in face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding, or at any 
adjourned meeting one or more Eligible Persons present (whatever the face amount of the Certificates 
so held or represented by them), unless the business of such meeting includes consideration of proposals 
which would have the effect of, inter alia: (i) modifying any date for payment in respect of the 
Certificates, (ii) reducing or cancelling or varying the method for calculating the face amount of, or any 
amount or premium payable or due in respect of, the Certificates, (iii) reducing the rate or rates of profit 
in respect of the Certificates or varying the method or basis of calculating the rate or rates or amount of 
profit or the basis for calculating any Profit Amount in respect of the Certificates (in each case, other 
than as provided for in these Conditions (including Condition 8(c)) and the applicable Final Terms), (iv) 
if a Minimum Profit Rate and/or a Maximum Profit Rate is shown in the applicable Final Terms, reducing 
any such Minimum Profit Rate and/or Maximum Profit Rate, (v) varying the currency of payment or 
denomination of the Certificates, (vi) modifying the provisions concerning the quorum required at any

--- Page 111 ---
97 
 
meeting of Certificateholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) 
modifying or cancelling the payment obligations of the Obligor (in any capacity) and/or the Trustee 
under the Transaction Documents and/or the Certificates (as the case may be), (viii) amending any of 
the Obligor’s or the Trustee’s covenants included in the Transaction Documents, (ix) amending the 
priority of payments as described in Condition 5(b), or (x) amending the above list, in which case the 
quorum shall be one or more Eligible Persons present and holding or representing in the aggregate not 
less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned meeting not less than 25 per cent., in aggregate face amount 
of the Certificates for the time being outstanding. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed shall be 
binding on all Certificateholders (whether or not they were present and whether or not they voted at the 
meeting at which such resolution was passed). To be passed, an Extraordinary Resolution requires a 
majority in favour consisting of not less than 75 per cent. of the votes cast on a show of hands, or, if a 
poll is duly demanded, not less than 75 per cent. on such poll. 
The Trust Deed provides that a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less 
than 75 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being outstanding shall for all 
purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of 
Certificateholders duly convened and held. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Certificateholders. Such a resolution in writing will be binding on all Certificateholders whether or not 
they participated in such resolution. 
For so long as the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate, an Extraordinary Resolution 
may also be passed by Certificateholders giving electronic consent, provided that consent to such 
resolution is given through the relevant clearing system(s) (in a form satisfactory to the Delegate) by or 
on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in face amount of the Certificates. See “Summary 
of Provisions relating to the Certificates while in Global Form”. 
(b) 
Modification of the Trust Deed or any Transaction Document: The Delegate may (but shall not be 
obliged to) (and, in the case of paragraph (ii) below, shall), without the consent or sanction of the 
Certificateholders, (i) agree to any modification of the Trust Deed (including these Conditions) or any 
other Transaction Document or the Trustee’s memorandum and articles of association that is in its 
opinion of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error, (ii) agree to any 
modification to the Trust Deed (including the Conditions) or any other Transaction Document to effect 
any Benchmark Amendments (in the circumstances and as set out in Condition 8(c)) or (iii) (A) give its 
consent under the Transaction Documents and agree to any other modification of the Trust Deed 
(including these Conditions) or any other Transaction Document or the Trustee’s memorandum and 
articles of association, or to any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach, of any of the 
provisions of the Trust Deed or the Transaction Documents or (B) determine that any Dissolution Event 
or Potential Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, provided in the case of paragraph (iii) that 
such modification, consent, waiver, authorisation or determination is in the opinion of the Delegate not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders and is not in contravention of any express 
direction by Extraordinary Resolution or request in writing by the holders of at least 20 per cent. of the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates of that Series then outstanding and, in the case of modifications 
under paragraph (iii)(A) only, is other than in respect of a matter which requires a special quorum 
resolution (as defined in paragraph 7 of Schedule 3 of the Master Trust Deed). Any such modification, 
consent, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all Certificateholders and shall be 
notified by the Trustee to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 as soon as practicable 
thereafter.

--- Page 112 ---
98 
 
(c) 
Entitlement of the Delegate: In connection with the exercise by it of any of its powers, trusts, authorities 
and discretions (including, without limitation, those referred to in this Condition 15), the Delegate shall 
have regard to the general interests of the Certificateholders as a class and shall not have regard to any 
interest arising from circumstances particular to individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) 
and, in particular, but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise 
for individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose 
domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular 
territory or any political sub-division thereof or taxing jurisdiction and the Delegate shall not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim from the Trustee, the Delegate, the Obligor 
or any other person any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Certificateholders except in the case of the Trustee and the Obligor, to the extent 
already provided for in Condition 11. 
16 Delegate 
(a) 
Delegation of Powers: The Trustee will in the Trust Deed irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the 
Delegate to be its delegate and attorney and in its name, on its behalf and as its act and deed, to execute, 
deliver and perfect all documents, and to exercise all of the present and future powers (including the 
power to sub-delegate), rights, authorities (including, but not limited to, the authority to request 
directions from any Certificateholders and the power to make any determinations to be made under the 
Transaction Documents) and discretions vested in the Trustee by the Trust Deed, that the Delegate may 
consider to be necessary or desirable in order to, upon the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or Potential 
Dissolution Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction, exercise all of the powers, rights, authorities and discretions of the Trustee under the 
Purchase Undertaking and any of the other Transaction Documents and make such distributions from 
the relevant Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance with the Trust Deed (together, 
the “Delegation” of the “Relevant Powers”), provided that: (i) no obligations, duties, liabilities or 
covenants of the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document shall be imposed 
on the Delegate by virtue of the Delegation; (ii) in no circumstances will such Delegation of the Relevant 
Powers result in the Delegate holding on trust or managing the relevant Trust Assets; and (iii) such 
Delegation of the Relevant Powers shall not include any duty, power, trust, right, authority or discretion 
to dissolve any of the trusts constituted by the Trust Deed following the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event or Potential Dissolution Event or to determine the remuneration of the Delegate. The Trustee shall 
ratify and confirm all things done and all documents executed by the Delegate in the exercise of all or 
any of the Relevant Powers. 
In addition to the Delegation of the Relevant Powers under the Trust Deed, the Delegate also has certain 
powers, rights, authorities and discretions which are vested solely in it from the date of the Trust Deed. 
The appointment of a delegate by the Trustee is intended to be in the interests of the Certificateholders 
and does not affect the Trustee’s continuing role and obligations as sole trustee. 
(b) 
Indemnification: The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Delegate 
and the Trustee in certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions 
relieving the Delegate from taking any action, step or proceeding unless indemnified and/or secured 
and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction. 
(c) 
No Liability: The Delegate makes no representation and assumes no responsibility for the validity, 
sufficiency or enforceability of the obligations of the Obligor or the Trustee under the Transaction 
Documents to which each of the Obligor and the Trustee is a party and shall not under any circumstances

--- Page 113 ---
99 
 
have any liability or be obliged to account to Certificateholders in respect of any payments which should 
have been made by the Obligor or the Trustee but are not so made and shall not in any circumstances 
have any liability arising from the relevant Trust Assets other than as expressly provided in these 
Conditions or in the Trust Deed. 
(d) 
Reliance on Certificates, Reports and/or Information: The Delegate and the Trustee may consult with 
and/or rely and act on the opinion or advice of or a certificate, report or any information (whether or not 
addressed to the Delegate or the Trustee) obtained from any lawyer, valuer, banker, broker, accountant 
(including auditors), surveyor, auctioneer, tax adviser, rating agency, insolvency official or other expert 
appointed by the Trustee, the Obligor, the Delegate or an Agent or otherwise and shall not be responsible 
for any Liability occasioned by so acting or relying notwithstanding that such advice, opinion or 
information may contain a cap or other limitation (monetary or otherwise) on the liability of any party 
and notwithstanding that the scope and/or basis of such advice, opinion, certificate or report may be 
limited by an engagement or similar letter or by the terms of the certificate or report itself and the 
Delegate or the Trustee shall not in any case be required to call for further evidence or be responsible 
for any Liability or inconvenience that may be occasioned by its failure to do so. 
(e) 
Proper performance of duties: Nothing shall, in any case in which the Trustee or the Delegate has 
failed to show the degree of care and diligence required of it as trustee, in the case of the Trustee (having 
regard to the provisions of the Trust Deed conferring on it any trusts, powers, authorities or discretions) 
or as delegate, in the case of the Delegate (having regard to the powers, rights, authorities and discretions 
conferred on it by the Trust Deed), respectively exempt the Trustee or the Delegate from or indemnify 
either of them against any liability which by virtue of any rule of law would otherwise attach to either 
of them in respect of any gross negligence, wilful default or actual fraud of which either of them may be 
guilty in relation to their duties under the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Notice of Events: Neither the Delegate nor the Trustee shall be bound to take any steps to ascertain 
whether any Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event has happened and, until they shall have 
actual knowledge or shall have received express written notice to the contrary, they will be entitled to 
assume that no such event has happened (without any liability to Certificateholders or any other person 
for so doing). 
(g) 
Delegate Contracting with the Trustee and the Obligor: The Trust Deed contains provisions pursuant 
to which the Delegate, any holding, affiliated or associated company of the Delegate and the directors 
or officers of a corporation acting as the Delegate may acquire, hold or dispose of any Certificates or 
other security (or any interest therein) of the Trustee or any other person, may enter into or be interested 
in any contract or transaction with any such person and may act on, or as depositary or agent for, any 
committee or body of holders of any securities of any such person, in each such case with the same rights 
as they would have had if the Delegate were not acting as Delegate and need not account for any profit 
made thereby or in connection therewith. 
17 Replacement of Registered Certificates 
If a Registered Certificate is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to 
applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant regulatory authority regulations, at the 
specified office of the Registrar or such other Paying Agent or Transfer Agent, as the case may be, as may from 
time to time be designated by the Trustee for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to 
Certificateholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the costs and expenses as may be incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Trustee may reasonably require. 
Mutilated or defaced Registered Certificates must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 114 ---
100 
 
18 Notices 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Certificates shall be mailed to them by registered mail (airmail if 
overseas) at their respective addresses in the Register. 
The Trustee shall also ensure that notices required to be given to the holders of the Certificates are duly given 
in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system on which the Certificates are for the time being listed and/or admitted to trading including 
publication on the website of the relevant authority, relevant stock exchange and/or relevant quotation system 
if required by those rules or regulations. If in the opinion of the Delegate any such publication is not practicable, 
notice required to be given pursuant to these Conditions shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any notices shall be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing (or on 
the date of publication, or, if so published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication). 
So long as the Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate and such Global Certificate is held on behalf 
of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any other clearing system, notices to the holders of the 
Certificates of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for mailing as required by Condition 18. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Certificates on the day on which the said 
notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system. 
19 Further Issues 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee may from time to time without the consent of the Certificateholders create 
and issue further Certificates having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Certificates of such Series 
or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first payment of 
the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start to accrue and so 
that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates of such 
Series. Any further Certificates which are to form a single Series with the outstanding Certificates previously 
constituted by the Trust Deed shall be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. References in these 
Conditions to the Certificates include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other certificates issued 
pursuant to this Condition and forming a single Series with the Certificates. 
20 Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Certificates under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999 but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which exists or is available 
apart from that Act. 
21 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Trust Deed (including these Conditions), the Agency Agreement and the 
Certificates and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
(b) 
Arbitration: The Delegate, the Trustee and the Obligor have in the Trust Deed agreed that any dispute, 
claim, difference or controversy arising out of, relating to or having any connection with the Trust Deed 
(which includes the Certificates, these Conditions and this Condition 21(b)) (including any dispute 
claim, difference or controversy as to the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach or

--- Page 115 ---
101 
 
termination of the Trust Deed or the consequences of its nullity and any dispute relating to any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it (a “Dispute”)) shall be referred to and 
finally resolved by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration Rules of the LCIA (the “Rules”), which 
Rules (as amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 21. For these 
purposes:  
(i) 
the seat of arbitration shall be London, England; 
(ii) 
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration and shall be 
an attorney experienced in international securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall 
each nominate one arbitrator and both arbitrators in turn shall nominate a further arbitrator who 
shall be the presiding arbitrator of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or 
multiple respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly, shall each 
nominate one arbitrator. If the party nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator 
within 15 days of the nomination of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by 
the LCIA; and 
(iii) 
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
(c) 
Waiver of Immunity: Under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, the Obligor has agreed 
that, to the extent that it may claim for itself or its assets or revenues immunity from jurisdiction, 
enforcement, prejudgment proceedings, injunctions and all other legal and arbitral proceedings and relief 
and to the extent that such immunity (whether or not claimed) may be attributed in to the Obligor or any 
of its assets or revenues, the Obligor has agreed not to claim and has irrevocably and unconditionally 
waived such immunity in relation to any proceedings or Disputes. In addition, the Obligor has 
irrevocably and unconditionally consented to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process, 
including, without limitation, jurisdiction, enforcement, prejudgment proceedings and injunctions in 
connection with any proceedings or Disputes. 
(d) 
Waiver of Interest: 
(i) 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Obligor has irrevocably agreed in the Trust Deed that 
no interest will be payable or receivable under or in connection with the Trust Deed and if it is 
determined that any interest is payable or receivable in connection with the Trust Deed by any of 
the Trustee, the Delegate or the Obligor, whether as a result of any arbitral award or by operation 
of any applicable law or otherwise, each such party has agreed to waive any rights it may have to 
claim or receive such interest and has agreed that if any such interest is actually received by it, it 
shall hold such amount in a suspense account and promptly donate the same to a registered or 
otherwise officially recognised charitable organisation. 
Each of the Trustee, the Delegate and the Obligor has irrevocably agreed in the Trust Deed that 
payment of interest in whatever form (inclusive of late payments) is repugnant to and not in 
compliance with the rules and principles of Shari'a and accordingly, to the extent that any legal 
system would (but for the provisions of this Condition 21(d)) impose (whether by contract, 
statute, regulation, or by any means whatsoever) any obligation to pay interest, each of the 
Trustee, the Delegate and the Obligor has agreed to irrevocably and unconditionally expressly 
waive and reject any entitlement to recover interest from each other. 
(ii) 
For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Condition 21(d) shall be construed as a waiver of 
rights in respect of Wakala Portfolio Revenues, Required Amounts, Periodic Distribution 
Amounts, Dissolution Distribution Amounts, Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise 
Price, Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, Optional Dissolution Exercise Price, Deferred

--- Page 116 ---
102 
 
Payment Price, Murabaha Instalment Profit Amounts, Murabaha Profit Amounts or profit or 
principal of any kind howsoever described payable by the Obligor (in any capacity) or the Trustee 
(in any capacity) pursuant to the Transaction Documents and/or these Conditions, howsoever 
such amounts may be described or re-characterised by any court or arbitral tribunal. 
(e) 
Service of Process: Each of the Trustee and the Obligor has in the Trust Deed irrevocably appointed an 
agent in England to receive for it and on its behalf, service of process in any proceedings in England.

--- Page 117 ---
103 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE CERTIFICATES WHILE IN 
GLOBAL FORM 
1 
Initial Issue of Certificates 
Each Tranche of Certificates will initially be represented by a Global Certificate in registered form. Global 
Certificates will be delivered on or prior to the issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). 
Upon registration of the Certificates in the name of any nominee for, and deposit of the Global Certificate with, 
a Common Depositary, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a face amount 
of Certificates equal to the face amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Certificates that are initially deposited with the Common Depositary may also be credited to the accounts of 
subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, Certificates that are initially deposited with any 
other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or other clearing systems. 
2 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
For so long as any of the Certificates is represented by a Global Certificate held on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular face amount 
of such Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Certificates standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive 
and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and 
their respective agents as the holder of such face amount of such Certificates for all purposes other than with 
respect to any payment on such face amount of such Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the 
relevant Global Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate and their respective agents as the holder 
of such face amount of such Certificates in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global 
Certificate and the expressions “Certificateholder” and “holder” and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system 
(an “Alternative Clearing System”) as the holder of a Certificate represented by a Global Certificate must 
look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any such Alternative Clearing System (as the case may 
be) for his share of each payment made by the Trustee to the registered holder of the underlying Certificates, 
and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the 
respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such Alternative Clearing System 
(as the case may be). Such persons shall have no claim directly against the Trustee in respect of payments due 
on the Certificates for so long as the Certificates are represented by such Global Certificate and such obligations 
of the Trustee will be discharged by payment to the registered holder of the underlying Certificates, as the case 
may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
3 
Exchange for Definitives 
Interests in a Global Certificate will be exchangeable in whole but not in part (free of charge) for definitive 
Certificates of a particular Series only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event. The Trustee will promptly 
give notice to the Certificateholders in accordance with Condition 18 upon the occurrence of an Exchange 
Event. For these purposes, an “Exchange Event” will occur (i) if the Delegate has given notice in accordance

--- Page 118 ---
104 
 
with Condition 18 that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing or (ii) if the Trustee has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and, in any such case, no successor or alternative clearing system 
satisfactory to the Trustee is available or (iii) with the consent of the Trustee. In the event of an occurrence of 
an Exchange Event, any of the Trustee or Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, acting 
on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such Global Certificate may give notice to the Registrar 
requesting exchange. Any exchange shall occur no later than 15 days after the date of receipt of the first relevant 
notice by the Registrar. 
4 
Amendment to Conditions 
The Global Certificates contain provisions that apply to the Certificates that they represent, some of which 
modify the effect of the terms and conditions of the Certificates set out in this Base Prospectus. The following 
is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
4.1 
Payments 
All payments in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate will be made (against 
surrender of that Global Certificate if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Certificates) 
to, or to the order of, the person whose name is entered on the Register at the close of business on the 
record date, being the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for payment, where 
“Clearing System Business Day” means Monday to Friday inclusive, except 25 December and 1 
January. 
For the purposes of any payments made in respect of Certificates represented by a Global Certificate, 
the words “in the place in which the specified office of the Registrar is located” shall not apply to the 
definition of Payment Business Day in Condition 10(d). 
A record of each payment made will be noted on the relevant Register which shall be prima facie 
evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Certificates. 
4.2 
Meetings 
All holders of Certificates are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the 
Specified Currency of the Certificates comprising such Certificateholder’s holding. 
4.3 
Delegate’s Powers 
In considering the interests of Certificateholders while the Global Certificate is held on behalf of, or 
registered in the name of any nominee for, a clearing system, the Delegate may have regard to any 
information provided to it by such clearing system or its operator as to the identity (either individually 
or by category) of its accountholders with entitlements to the Global Certificate and may consider such 
interests, and treat such accountholders, as if such accountholders were the holders of the Certificates 
represented by the Global Certificate. 
4.4 
Optional Dissolution Right 
If any early dissolution right of the Bank is exercised in respect of some but not all of the Certificates of 
any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system in respect of the Certificates will be 
governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system (as the case may be).

--- Page 119 ---
105 
 
4.5 
Certificateholder Put Right and Tangibility Event Put Right 
Any early dissolution right of the Certificateholders provided for in the Condition 9(d) or 9(e) of any 
Certificates while such Certificates are represented by a Global Certificate may be exercised by the 
holder of the Certificate(s) in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
4.6 
Cancellation 
Cancellation of any Certificate represented by a Global Certificate that is surrendered for cancellation 
(other than upon its redemption in full) will be effected by reduction in the aggregate face amount of the 
relevant Series of Certificates in the Register. 
4.7 
Notices 
Notices required to be given in respect of the Certificates represented by a Global Certificate may be 
given by their being delivered (so long as this Global Certificate is held on behalf of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system) to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such 
other clearing system, as the case may be, rather than by mailing as required by the Conditions, provided 
that such notices must also be given or published in a manner which complies with the rules and 
regulations of any listing authority, stock exchange, quotation system or other relevant authority on 
which the Certificates are for the time being listed or admitted to trading or quotation. Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Certificates on the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system. 
5 
Electronic Consent 
While any Global Certificate is held on behalf of, and registered in the name of any nominee for a Common 
Depositary for, a clearing system, approval of a resolution proposed by the Trustee, the Obligor or the Delegate 
(as the case may be) given by way of electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications 
systems of the relevant clearing system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on 
behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate face amount of the Certificates for the time being 
outstanding (an “Electronic Consent”) shall, for all purposes (including matters that would otherwise require 
a special quorum resolution (as defined in paragraph 7 of Schedule 3 to the Master Trust Deed)), take effect as 
an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Certificateholders duly convened and held, and shall be 
binding on all Certificateholders whether or not they participated in such Electronic Consent. 
6 
Further Issues 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement, the Principal Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche is 
issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche at a point after the Issue Date of the 
further Tranche, the Certificates of such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are 
different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Certificates of any other Tranche of the same Series until 
such time as the Tranches are consolidated and form a single Series.

--- Page 120 ---
106 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The form of Final Terms that will be issued in respect of each Tranche, subject only to the deletion of non-
applicable provisions, is set out below: 
Final Terms 
[MiFID II product governance/Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Certificates (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting 
or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Certificates is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Certificates to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Certificates (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Singapore SFA product classification - In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures 
Act 2001 of Singapore (the “SFA”) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”), the Trustee has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Certificates are [“prescribed capital markets 
products”] / [“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and [are] [“Excluded Investment Products”] / [“Specified Investment Products”] (as defined 
in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]1 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                          
1 
For any Certificates to be offered to Singapore investors, the Trustee to consider whether it needs to re-classify the Certificates pursuant to 
Section 309B of the SFA prior to the launch of the offer.

--- Page 121 ---
107 
 
[Date] 
BOUBYAN SUKUK LIMITED 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 549300T2HAD9JJ1YV324  
Issue of [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] [to be consolidated and form a 
single series with the existing [Aggregate Face Amount of Tranche] [Title of Certificates] issued on [●] 
(the “Original Certificates”)] 2 
under the U.S.$3,000,000,000 Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [●] [and 
[●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates 
described herein [for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation]3 and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]4 [is/are] 
available for viewing in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin)and at the registered office of the Trustee at c/o 
MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands and copies 
may be obtained from the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, in each case during usual business 
hours. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Certificates (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [[●] which are incorporated by reference 
in the Base Prospectus dated 18 February 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]]]. [This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Certificates described herein for the purposes of [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)][the Prospectus Regulation] and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 18 February 2022 which constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation.]5, including the Conditions incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the 
Base Prospectus dated [●] and [●]] and these Final Terms have been published on the website of Euronext 
Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin). 
1 
 (a) Trustee: 
Boubyan Sukuk Limited 
 
(b) Obligor: 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
2 
 Series Number: 
[●] 
 
(a) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
(b) Date on which the Certificates will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Certificates will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert 
date/the Issue Date]] [Not Applicable] 
                                                          
2 
Include only for an issue of further Certificates in accordance with Condition 19. 
3 
Include only if the Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the Official List, of Euronext Dublin. 
4 
Include only if the Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the Official List, of Euronext Dublin. 
5 
Include only if the Certificates are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market, and listing on the Official List, of Euronext Dublin.

--- Page 122 ---
108 
 
3 
 Specified Currency: 
[●] 
4 
 Aggregate Face Amount: 
[●] 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
5 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Face Amount [plus 
[Specified Currency] [●] in respect of [●] days of accrued 
Periodic Distribution Amounts from (and including) [the 
issue date of the Original Certificates] to (but excluding) 
the Issue Date]6 
6 
 (a) Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
 
(b) Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
7 
 (a) Issue Date: 
[●] 
 
(b) Profit Commencement Date: 
[[●]/Issue Date] 
8 
 Scheduled Dissolution Date: 
[●] 
9 
 Profit Basis: 
[Fixed Rate Certificates/Floating Rate Certificates] 
(further particulars specified at paragraph [15][16] 
below) 
10  Dissolution Basis: 
Dissolution at par 
11  Change of Profit Basis: 
[[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 15 and 16 below and 
identify there]/Not Applicable] 
12  Put/Call Rights: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Optional Dissolution Right] 
[Certificateholder Put Right] 
13  Status: 
Unsubordinated 
14  Date of Trustee’s board approval and date 
of Obligor’s board approval for issuance of 
Certificates: 
[●] and [●], respectively 
Provisions relating to profit payable 
15  Fixed Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Profit Rate(s): 
[●] per cent. per annum payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/[●]] in arrear on each 
Periodic Distribution Date 
 
(b) Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[[●] in each year up to and including the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date, commencing on [●]/[●]] 
 
(c) Fixed Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(d) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Periodic 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(e) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual] 
                                                          
6 
Include only for an issue of further Certificates in accordance with Condition 19.

--- Page 123 ---
109 
 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year/Not Applicable] 
16  Floating Periodic Distribution Provisions: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Periodic Distribution Period(s): 
[●]7 
[The end date of each Periodic Distribution Period shall 
be subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention specified in paragraph [15(f)] below/ 
Not subject to any adjustment] 
 
(b) Specified 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Dates: 
[●] in each year, commencing on [●][, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (e) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (e) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
 
(c) First Periodic Distribution Date: 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified in (d) below/, not 
subject to any adjustment] 
 
(d) Profit Period Date: 
[Not Applicable/[●]8] 
 
(e) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(f) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●] [Not Applicable] 
 
(g) Manner in which the Profit Rate and 
the Periodic Distribution Amount are 
to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(h) Party responsible for calculating the 
Profit 
Rate 
and 
the 
Periodic 
Distribution Amount (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[●] (the “Calculation Agent”) 
                                                          
7 
Periodic Distribution Periods should be specified explicitly where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark and the SOFR Benchmark is 
Compounded SOFR Average: SOFR Payment Delay.  
8 
Profit Period Dates should be specified explicitly where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark and the SOFR Benchmark is Compounded 
SOFR Average: SOFR Payment Delay.

--- Page 124 ---
110 
 
 
(i) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
not 
referencing SOFR: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month 
[EURIBOR/KIBOR/CBK Discount Rate/HIBOR/ 
KLIBOR/TRLIBOR or TRYLIBOR/SIBOR/EIBOR/ 
TIBOR/SAIBOR/CHF LIBOR/QIBOR] 
 
(ii) Profit 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iii) Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
 
(iv) Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
(v) Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
(j) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
Referencing SOFR 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Profit 
Rate 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●] U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to 
each Periodic Distribution Period Date]9 [The Periodic 
Distribution Period Date at the end of each Periodic 
Distribution Period; except in respect of the final 
Periodic Distribution Period, for which the Profit Rate 
Determination Date will be the SOFR Rate Cut-off 
Date]10 
 
(ii) SOFR Benchmark 
[Not Applicable/Simple SOFR Average/Compounded 
SOFR Average/SOFR Index Average]11 
 
(iii) Compounded SOFR Average: 
[Not 
Applicable/SOFR 
Observation 
Lag/SOFR 
Observation 
Shift/SOFR 
Payment 
Delay/SOFR 
Lockout]12 
 
(iv) Lookback Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]13 
 
(v) SOFR Observation Shift Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]14 
 
(vi) Periodic 
Distribution 
Delay 
Days 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]15 
                                                          
9 
To be included where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark and the SOFR Benchmark is Compounded SOFR Average: SOFR Observation 
Shift, SOFR Lockout or SOFR Observation Lag. Where the Principal Paying Agent is appointed as Calculation Agent, it will normally require 
that this period (and, where applicable, any Lookback Days/SOFR Observation Shift Days or SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date) is at least 5 U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days.  
10 Only applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark and the SOFR Benchmark is the Compounded SOFR Average: SOFR Payment 
Delay.  
11 Only applicable where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark.  
12 Only applicable in the case of Compounded SOFR Average.  
13  Only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Lag. 
14 Only applicable in the case of SOFR Observation Shift or SOFR Index Average.  
15  Only applicable in the case of SOFR Payment Delay.

--- Page 125 ---
111 
 
 
(vii) SOFR Rate Cut-Off Date: 
[Not Applicable/The day that is the [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day(s) prior to the end of each 
Periodic Distribution Period]16 
 
(viii) SOFR IndexStart Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]17 
 
(ix) SOFR IndexEnd Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day(s)]18 
 
(x) D: 
[365/360/[●]]19 
 
(xi) Fallback Provisions: 
[Condition 8(c)(1) (Independent Adviser)]20 [Condition 
8(c)(2) Benchmark Discontinuation (SOFR))] 
 
(k) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(i) 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
(ii) Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
(iii) Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(iv) ISDA Definitions: 
[●] 
 
(v) ISDA Benchmarks Supplement: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(l) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(m) Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Profit Rate for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Periodic Distribution Period shall 
be calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long periodic distribution period)] 
 
(n) Maximum Profit Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(o) Minimum Profit Rate: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(p) Day Count Fraction 
[Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/Actual – ISDA] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[360/360] 
[Bond Basis] 
[30E/360] 
[Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual – ICMA] 
                                                          
16  Only applicable in the case of Simple SOFR Average, Compounded SOFR Average: SOFR Payment Delay or Compounded SOFR Average: 
SOFR Lockout. 
17  Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index Average. 
18  Only applicable in the case of SOFR Index Average. 
19  “D” will normally be 360. 
20  To be included in all cases expect where the parties have agreed, in respect of an issuance where the Reference Rate is SOFR Benchmark, to 
the inclusion of the Benchmark Discontinuation (SOFR) fallback provisions instead.

--- Page 126 ---
112 
 
Provisions relating to dissolution 
17  Notice periods for Condition 9(b): 
Minimum period: [30] / [●] days 
Maximum period: [60] / [●] days 
18  Optional Dissolution Right21: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Dissolution Distribution Amount: 
[As per Condition 1]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) Optional Dissolution Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) Notice period: 
Minimum period: [30] / [●] days 
Maximum period: [60] / [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of five 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Trustee 
and the Agent) 
 
(d) Dissolution in part: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(e) If dissolution in part: 
 
 
(i) 
Minimum Optional Dissolution 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
 
(ii) Maximum Optional Dissolution 
Amount: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]  
19  Certificateholder Put Right: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(a) Dissolution Distribution Amount: 
[As per Condition 1]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(b) Certificateholder Put Right Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(c) Notice period: 
Minimum period: [30] / [●] days 
Maximum period: [60] / [●] days 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Trustee is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Trustee 
and the Agent) 
20  Dissolution 
Distribution 
Amount 
following redemption on the Scheduled 
Dissolution Date, on any Early Tax 
Dissolution 
Date 
or 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event:  
[As per Condition 1]/[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
General provisions applicable to the Certificates 
                                                          
21 “Optional Dissolution Right” and “Certificateholder Put Right” may not both be specified as “Applicable” in the same Final Terms.

--- Page 127 ---
113 
 
21  Form of Certificates: 
Registered Certificates: Global Certificate exchangeable 
for Certificates in definitive registered form in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Global Certificate 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA not applicable 
22  Financial Centre(s) relating to payment 
(Condition 10(d)): 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
Provisions in respect of the Trust Assets 
23  Series: 
 
 
(a) Wakala Percentage: 
[●] per cent. 
 
(b) Intangible Asset Percentage: 
[Not Applicable]/[[●] per cent.] 
24  Trust Assets: 
Condition 5(a) applies 
25  (a) Details of Transaction Account: 
Boubyan Sukuk Limited Transaction Account No: [●] 
with [●] for Series No.: [●] 
 
(b) Supplemental Trust Deed: 
Supplemental Trust Deed dated [●] between the Trustee, 
the Obligor and the Delegate 
 
(c) Supplemental Purchase Agreement: 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement dated [●] between 
the Trustee and the Obligor 
 
(d) Declaration of Commingling of 
Assets:22 
[Declaration of Commingling of Assets dated [●] 
executed by the Trustee][Not Applicable] 
 
(e) [Notice of Request to Purchase and 
Offer Notice]: 
[Notice of Request to Purchase dated [●] from the 
Obligor to the Trustee and Offer Notice dated [●] from 
the Trustee to the Obligor]/[Not Applicable] 
Signed on behalf of  
Boubyan Sukuk Limited 
Signed on behalf of  
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
 
 
By: .......................................................................  
Duly authorised 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
 
 
 
By: ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised 
 
 
                                                          
22 Include only for an issue of further Certificates in accordance with Condition 19.

--- Page 128 ---
114 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
 Listing and Admission to Trading 
 
 
(a) Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been][is expected to be] made by the  
Trustee (or on its behalf) for the Certificates to be (i) 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin and (ii) admitted to listing on the Official List 
with effect from [●].]/[Not applicable] 
 
(b) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
 Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Certificates to be issued [are not rated] [have 
been/are expected to be] rated: 
[Fitch: 
[●]] 
[Moody’s: 
[●]] 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
[[●]: 
[●]] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is established in the European 
Economic Area and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”). The ratings [have been][are expected to 
be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation. [●] is established in the European Economic 
Area and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the European 
Economic Area and has not applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”), but it is certified in accordance with the 
EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is established in the UK and is 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law in the UK by virtue of the 
EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”).] [The ratings 
[have been][are expected to be] endorsed by [●] in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation. [●] is 
established in the European Economic Area and is 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the UK and has 
applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”), 
although notification of the corresponding registration

--- Page 129 ---
115 
 
decision has not yet been provided by the relevant 
competent authority.] 
[Each of [●] and][●] is not established in the UK and has 
not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms pat of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) but is 
certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.] 
3 
 Relevant Benchmark 
 Relevant Benchmark 
[[EURIBOR]/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 
36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011(the “EU Benchmark 
Regulation”).]/[As far as the Trustee is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU 
Benchmark Regulation”).]/[Not Applicable] 
[[[EURIBOR/[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]]. [As at the date hereof, 
[[administrator legal name][appears]/[does not appear]] 
in the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law in the UK by 
virtue 
of 
the 
EUWA 
(the 
“UK 
Benchmarks 
Regulation”).]/[As far as the Trustee is aware, as at the 
date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law in the UK by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
Benchmarks Regulation”)/the transitional provisions 
in Article 51 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation apply 
such that [administrator legal name] [is/are] not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration 
(or, if located outside the UK, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)].] 
4 
 Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer], so far as each of the Trustee and the Obligor is 
aware, no person involved in the issue of the Certificates has an interest material to the offer.] 
[The [Managers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Trustee or the 
Obligor and their affiliates in the ordinary course of business/[●]].

--- Page 130 ---
116 
 
5 
 Reasons for the Offer and Estimated Net Proceeds 
 Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
[See [“Use of Proceeds”] in [Base] Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See [“Use of Proceeds”] wording in [Base] Prospectus 
– if reasons for offer different from what is disclosed in 
the [Base] Prospectus, give details here.) 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
6 
 Indication of profit or return 
(Fixed Rate Certificates only): 
[●] per cent. per annum 
The indication of profit or return is calculated at the Issue 
Date on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication 
of future profit or return. 
7 
 Operational Information 
 
 
(a) ISIN Code: 
[●]/[Until the Certificates are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single series with the Original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the temporary 
ISIN [●]. After that, the Certificates will have the same 
ISIN as the Original Certificates, which is [●]. 
 
(b) Common Code: 
[●]/Until the Certificates are consolidated, become 
fungible with and form a single series with the Original 
Certificates, the Certificates will have the temporary 
Common Code [●]. After that, the Certificates will have 
the same Common Code as the Original Certificates, 
which is [●]. 
 
(c) FISN: 
[[See/[[include code]23 , as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (“ANNA”) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible national numbering agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(d) CFI: 
[[See/[[include code]24 , as updated, as set out on] the 
website of ANNA or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible national numbering agency that assigned the 
ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
 
(e) Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
 
(f) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
 
(g) Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
 
(h) Name and address of the Registrar(s): 
[●] 
                                                          
23 The actual code should only be included where the Trustee is comfortable that it is correct. 
24 The actual code should only be included where the Trustee is comfortable that it is correct.

--- Page 131 ---
117 
 
8 
 Distribution 
 
 (a) Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated] / [Non-syndicated] 
 (b) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 (c) Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 (d) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
9 
 Third Party Information 
 
 [[●] has been extracted from [●]. The Trustee and the Bank confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published 
by [●], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.] / [Not Applicable].

--- Page 132 ---
118 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds from the issue of each Tranche of Certificates will be applied by the Trustee pursuant to the 
terms of the relevant Transaction Documents in the following proportion: (a) the Wakala Percentage of the 
aggregate face amount of the Certificates of such Tranche towards the purchase of the Eligible Assets from the 
Bank pursuant to the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement and the Master Purchase Agreement; and (b) 
the Murabaha Percentage of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of such Tranche towards the purchase 
of Commodities to be sold to the Bank pursuant to the relevant Murabaha Contract and the Master Murabaha 
Agreement. 
The amounts subsequently received by the Bank in consideration for the transactions entered into with the 
Trustee as set out above, including, if applicable, with respect to the proceeds received from the on-sale of the 
Commodities by the Bank, will be applied by the Bank for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 133 ---
119 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRUSTEE  
The Trustee 
The Trustee, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability, was incorporated 
on 5 September 2019 under the Companies Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands with company 
registration number 355197. The registered office of the Trustee is at the offices of MaplesFS Limited, P.O. 
Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102 Cayman Islands with telephone number +1 345 945 
7099. 
Share Capital 
The authorised share capital of the Trustee is U.S.$50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of U.S.$1.00 par 
value each, 250 of which have been issued. All of the issued shares (the “Shares”) are fully paid and are held 
by MaplesFS Limited as share trustee (in such capacity, the “Share Trustee”) under the terms of a share 
declaration of trust (the “Share Declaration of Trust”) under which the Share Trustee holds the Shares in trust 
until the Termination Date (as defined in the Share Declaration of Trust) and may only dispose or otherwise 
deal with the Shares in accordance with the Share Declaration of Trust. Prior to the Termination Date, the trust 
is an accumulation trust, but the Share Trustee has power to benefit Qualified Charities (as defined in the Share 
Declaration of Trust). It is not anticipated that any distribution will be made whilst any Certificates are 
outstanding. Following the Termination Date, the Share Trustee will wind up the trust and make a final 
distribution to charity. The Share Trustee has no beneficial interest in, and derives no benefit (other than its fee 
for acting as Share Trustee) from, its holding of the Shares. 
The Business of the Trustee 
The objects for which the Trustee is established are set out in clause 3 of its Memorandum of Association as 
registered or adopted on 5 September 2019. 
The Trustee has no prior operating history or prior business and will not have any substantial assets or liabilities 
other than in connection with the Certificates.  
The Certificates are the obligations of the Trustee alone and not the Share Trustee. Furthermore, they are not 
the obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by, MaplesFS Limited or any other party. 
Financial Statements 
Since the date of incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is not 
required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements or appoint any 
auditors. 
Directors of the Trustee 
The directors of the Trustee are as follows: 
Name 
Principal Occupation 
Linval Stewart ......................................... 
Vice President, at MaplesFS Limited 
Kathleen Ramos 
Assistant Vice President, at Maples Fund Services (Middle 
East) Limited

--- Page 134 ---
120 
 
The business address of Linval Stewart is P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, 
Cayman Islands. 
The business address of Kathleen Ramos is Unit C1407, Level 14, Burj Daman, Dubai International Financial 
Centre, P.O. Box 506734, Dubai, United Arab Emirates. 
The Trustee’s Articles of Association provide that the board of directors of the Trustee will consist of at least 
one director. 
Conflicts 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors of the Trustee to the Trustee and 
their private interests or other duties. 
Secretary 
The Trustee’s secretary is Maples Secretaries (Cayman) Limited of P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, Grand 
Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. 
The Trustee Administrator 
MaplesFS Limited also acts as the administrator of the Trustee (in such capacity, the “Trustee Administrator”). 
The office of the Trustee Administrator serves as the general business office of the Trustee. Through the office, 
and pursuant to the terms of a corporate services agreement entered into between the Trustee and the Trustee 
Administrator (the “Corporate Services Agreement”), the Trustee Administrator has agreed to perform in the 
Cayman Islands, the United Arab Emirates and/or such other jurisdiction as may be agreed by the parties from 
time to time various management functions on behalf of the Trustee and to provide certain clerical, 
administrative and other services until termination of the Corporate Services Agreement. The Trustee 
Administrator will also provide registered office services to the Trustee in accordance with its standard terms 
and conditions for the provision of registered office services (the “Registered Office Terms”). In consideration 
of the foregoing, the Trustee Administrator will receive various fees payable by the Trustee at rates agreed upon 
from time to time, plus expenses. 
The terms of the Corporate Services Agreement and the Registered Office Terms provide that either the Trustee 
or the Trustee Administrator may terminate such appointments upon the occurrence of certain stated events, 
including any breach by the other party of its obligations under such agreements. In addition, the Corporate 
Services Agreement and the Registered Office Terms provide that either party shall be entitled to terminate such 
agreements by giving at least three months’ notice in writing to the other party. 
The Trustee Administrator will be subject to the overview of the Trustee’s board of directors. 
The Trustee Administrator’s principal office is P.O. Box 1093, Boundary Hall, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, 
KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. 
The directors of the Trustee are all employees or officers of the Trustee Administrator or an affiliate thereof.

--- Page 135 ---
121 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following information has been extracted from, and should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in 
its entirety by reference to, the Financial Statements. See also “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other 
Information” for a discussion of the sources of the numbers contained in this section. The financial information 
related to years 2021 and 2020 have been extracted from the year ended 31 December 2021 Financial 
Statements, while the 2019 financial information has been extracted from the comparative information from the 
year ended 31 December 2020 Financial Statements. 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Assets 
Cash and balances with banks .......................................... 
350,500
286,718
232,393
Deposits with Central Bank of Kuwait ............................ 
225,858
336,934
306,156
Deposits with other banks ................................................ 
387,915
180,092
330,046
Islamic financing to customers ......................................... 
5,513,074
4,823,266
3,826,073
Investment in Sukuk ......................................................... 
529,253
523,046
306,315
Other investment securities .............................................. 
125,875
103,182
134,359
Investment properties ....................................................... 
21,706
47,133
46,555
Other assets ...................................................................... 
89,515
45,419
32,422
Property and equipment ................................................... 
108,203
91,359
86,229
Total assets ...................................................................... 
7,351,899
6,437,149
5,300,548
Liabilities 
Due to banks .................................................................... 
395,150
281,371
236,480
Depositors’ accounts ........................................................ 
5,618,787
5,107,728
4,347,226
Medium term financing .................................................... 
485,371
305,509
—
Other liabilities ................................................................. 
102,519
115,811
63,661
Total liabilities ................................................................ 
6,601,827
5,810,419
4,647,367
Equity .............................................................................. 
Share capital ..................................................................... 
317,970
302,827
288,407
Share premium ................................................................. 
156,942
156,942
156,942
Treasury shares ................................................................. 
-54
-54
-54
Statutory reserve .............................................................. 
40,651
35,512
31,848
Voluntary reserve ............................................................. 
15,327
30,468
30,468
Other reserves .................................................................. 
-3,193
-21,958
-8,354

--- Page 136 ---
122 
 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Retained earnings ............................................................. 
35,894
14,123
76,191
Equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank ....... 
563,537
517,860
575,448
Perpetual Tier 1 Sukuk ..................................................... 
150,385
75,388
75,388
Non-controlling interests .................................................. 
36,150
33,482
2,345
Total equity ..................................................................... 
750,072
626,730
653,181
Total liabilities and equity ............................................. 
7,351,899
6,437,149
5,300,548
Consolidated statement of profit or loss 
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of profit or loss for the years indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Income 
Murabaha and other Islamic financing income ................ 
223,185
223,064
207,629
Finance cost and distribution to depositors ...................... 
-65,678
-84,175
-88,170
Net financing income ..................................................... 
157,507
138,889
119,459
Net investment income ..................................................... 
8,800
6,836
6,195
Net fees and commission income ..................................... 
16,795
12,275
16,428
Net foreign exchange gain ............................................... 
4,679
5,157
3,687
Other income .................................................................... 
—
4,325
—
Net operating income ..................................................... 
187,781
167,482
145,769
Staff costs ......................................................................... 
-52,449
-45,230
-36,094
General and administrative expenses ............................... 
-25,223
-20,011
-17,078
Depreciation ..................................................................... 
-9,566
-9,156
-7,892
Operating expenses ........................................................ 
-87,238
-74,397
-61,064
Operating profit before provision for impairment ...... 
100,543
93,085
84,705
Provision for impairment ................................................. 
-50,751
-59,015
-18,711
Operating profit before deductions .............................. 
49,792
34,070
65,994
Taxation ............................................................................ 
-1,257
-73
-2,867
Board of directors’ remuneration ..................................... 
-580
-450
-450
Net profit for the year .................................................... 
47,955
33,547
62,677
Attributable to:

--- Page 137 ---
123 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Equity holders of the Bank ............................................... 
48,494
34,421
62,647
Non-controlling interests .................................................. 
-539
-874
30
Net profit for the year .................................................... 
47,955
33,547
62,677
Basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to 
the equity holders of the Bank (fils) .............................. 
13.57
9.20
19.41
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive income 
The table below shows the Group’s consolidated statement of other comprehensive income for the years 
indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Net profit for the year .................................................... 
47,955
33,547
62,677
Other comprehensive (loss)/income 
Items that are or may be reclassified to consolidated 
statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Change in fair value of debt investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income .............................. 
4,789
-2,861
6,303
Foreign currency translation adjustments......................... 
-1,839
687
429
Items that will not be reclassified to consolidated 
statement of profit or loss in subsequent periods 
Change in fair value of equity investments at fair value 
through other comprehensive income .............................. 
-157
-5,669
-9,675
Re-measurement loss on post-employment benefits ........ 
-484
-3,092
—
Other comprehensive loss for the year ......................... 
-2,309
-10,935
-2,943
Total comprehensive income for the year ..................... 
50,264
22,612
59,734
Attributable to: 
Equity holders of the Bank ............................................... 
51,636
21,784
59,704
Non-controlling interests .................................................. 
-1,372
828
30
Total comprehensive income for the year ..................... 
50,264
22,612
59,734

--- Page 138 ---
124 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
The table below summarises the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows for the years indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities .... 
-45,717
-7,564
327,637
Net cash used in investing activities ................................ 
-32,638
-194,104
-90,754
Net cash generated from financing activities ................... 
254,573
273,526
107,487
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents .................... 
176,218
71,858
344,370
Net foreign exchange difference ...................................... 
2,590
5,605
600
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ... 
587,200
509,737
164,767
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ........ 
766,008
587,200
509,737
Maturity profile data 
The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group’s assets, liabilities and equity based on 
contractual cash flows, maturity dates or on management’s estimates of liquidation, in each case, as at the dates 
indicated. This does not necessarily take account of the effective maturities. 
As at 31 December 2021 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks ......................... 
350,500
— 
—
— 
350,500
Deposits with Central Bank of Kuwait ........... 
180,754
42,064 
3,040
— 
225,858
Deposits with other banks ............................... 
387,915
— 
—
— 
387,915
Islamic financing to customers ....................... 
1,998,579
416,170 
294,167
2,804,158 
5,513,074
Investment in Sukuk ....................................... 
87,232
32,659 
19,225
390,137 
529,253
Other investment securities ............................. 
—
— 
—
125,875 
125,875
Investment properties ...................................... 
—
— 
—
21,706 
21,706
Other assets ..................................................... 
70,550
— 
3,865
15,100 
89,515
Property and equipment .................................. 
—
— 
—
108,203 
108,203
Total assets .................................................... 
3,075,530
490,893 
320,297
3,465,179 
7,351,899
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
395,150
— 
—
— 
395,150
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
4,084,631
693,090 
536,709
304,357 
5,618,787
Medium term financing .................................. 
—
— 
—
485,371 
485,371
Other liabilities ............................................... 
31,272
— 
30,722
40,525 
102,519
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
750,072 
750,072

--- Page 139 ---
125 
 
As at 31 December 2021 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
4,511,053
693,090 
567,431
1,580,325 
7,351,899
 
As at 31 December 2020 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks ......................... 
286,718
— 
—
— 
286,718
Deposits with Central Bank of Kuwait ........... 
279,763
51,120 
6,051
— 
336,934
Deposits with other banks ............................... 
180,092
— 
—
— 
180,092
Islamic financing to customers ....................... 
1,701,849
388,644 
403,224
2,329,549 
4,823,266
Investment in Sukuk ....................................... 
118,361
21,526 
6,100
377,059 
523,046
Other investment securities ............................. 
—
— 
—
103,182 
103,182
Investment properties ...................................... 
—
— 
—
47,133 
47,133
Other assets ..................................................... 
15,056
— 
6,163
24,200 
45,419
Property and equipment .................................. 
—
— 
—
91,359 
91,359
Total assets .................................................... 
2,581,839
461,290 
421,538
2,972,482 
6,437,149
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
281,371
— 
—
— 
281,371
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
3,801,305
542,705 
465,843
297,875 
5,107,728
Medium term financing .................................. 
—
— 
—
305,509 
305,509
Other liabilities ............................................... 
24,228
— 
28,618
62,965 
115,811
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
626,730 
626,730
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
4,106,904
542,705 
494,461
1,293,079 
6,437,149
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Assets 
 
 
Cash and balances with banks ......................... 
232,393
— 
—
— 
232,393
Deposits with Central Bank of Kuwait ........... 
226,726
63,293 
16,137
— 
306,156
Deposits with other banks ............................... 
224,966
48,510 
56,570
— 
330,046
Islamic financing to customers ....................... 
1,100,860
826,597 
241,104
1,657,512 
3,826,073
Investment in Sukuk ....................................... 
250,630
— 
—
55,685 
306,315

--- Page 140 ---
126 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Other investment securities ............................. 
—
— 
—
134,359 
134,359
Investment properties ...................................... 
—
— 
—
46,555 
46,555
Other assets ..................................................... 
26,131
— 
6,291
— 
32,422
Property and equipment .................................. 
—
— 
—
86,229 
86,229
Total assets .................................................... 
2,061,706
938,400 
320,102
1,980,340 
5,300,548
Liabilities and equity 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
219,372
7,078 
10,030
— 
236,480
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
3,135,604
542,904 
518,387
150,331 
4,347,226
Other liabilities ............................................... 
29,281
— 
13,679
20,701 
63,661
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
653,181 
653,181
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
3,384,257
549,982 
542,096
824,213 
5,300,548
Selected ratios 
The table below shows selected ratios of the Group as at the dates indicated. For a further description of these 
ratios (including calculation methodology), see “Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information – 
Presentation of Financial Information – Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures”. The capitalisation 
measures below have been calculated in accordance with the guidelines of the Basel Committee as adopted by 
the CBK. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(%) 
Performance measures 
Return on average assets .................................................. 
0.7
0.6
1.3
Return on average equity ................................................. 
8.0
5.5
11.4
Cost to income ratio ......................................................... 
46.5
44.4
41.9
Profitability measures 
Net profit rate margin ....................................................... 
2.5
2.5
2.7
Net profit margin .............................................................. 
25.8
20.6
43.0
Impaired Islamic financing ratio ...................................... 
0.9
1.1
0.8
Provision for impairment ratio ......................................... 
320.1
233.6
210.5
Liquid assets ratio ............................................................ 
22.0
22.2
24.1
Liquidity coverage ratio ................................................... 
164.0
153.8
135.8
Islamic financing to customers to depositors’ account 
and due to banks ratio ...................................................... 
91.7
89.5
83.5

--- Page 141 ---
127 
 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(%) 
Islamic financing to customers to depositors’ account 
ratio .................................................................................. 
98.1
94.4
88.0
Capitalisation measures 
CET1 capital adequacy ratio ............................................ 
12.0
13.7
16.8
Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio ............................................ 
15.2
15.6
19.2
Total capital adequacy ratio.............................................. 
16.4
16.9
20.3
Leverage ratio .................................................................. 
9.4
9.4
11.2

--- Page 142 ---
128 
 
FINANCIAL REVIEW 
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the information set out in 
“Presentation of Certain Financial and Other Information – Presentation of Financial Information – 
Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures”, “Selected Financial Information” and the Financial 
Statements. 
Overview 
The Group is one of Kuwait’s largest Islamic banks in terms of total assets and total deposits based on annual 
reports published by Kuwaiti banks (see further “Description of the Group – Competition in Kuwait”). The 
Group is primarily a local bank extending financing principally to companies and individuals in Kuwait. The 
Group’s core businesses are Islamic consumer and corporate banking, although it also offers investment, wealth 
management and insurance services. 
The Group’s principal focus is on growing its market share in Kuwait whilst also expanding its products and 
services offerings, including through product and channel innovation and building its presence outside of 
Kuwait through its ownership of shareholdings in an entity in the UK (see further “Description of the Group – 
Strategy”). 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s Islamic financing to customers was KD 5.5 billion (compared to KD 4.8 
billion as at 31 December 2020) while the Group’s depositors’ accounts were KD 5.6 billion (compared to KD 
5.1 billion as at 31 December 2020). For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s operating income was 
KD 187.8 million (compared to KD 167.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020) while its net profit 
attributable to shareholders for the year was KD 48.5 million (compared to KD 34.4 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020). 
Principal factors affecting results of operations 
The following is a discussion of the principal factors that have affected, or are expected to affect, the Group’s 
results of operations. 
Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
The COVID-19 pandemic has, to date, had a prolonged impact on the global economy (see “Risk Factors – 
Risks relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The 
outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-19 pandemic, has led to 
economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations”). In response to this, the Group took a number of proactive measures and activated 
emergency plans during the early stages of the crisis in order to protect its employees and ensure business 
continuity (see further “Risk Management – Response to COVID-19”). 
Additionally, in co-ordination with the CBK and the Kuwait Banking Association, the Group participated in all 
initiatives aimed at lifting the pressures customers were facing. For example, the Group provided support to 
individuals by deferring consumer loans, instalment loans and credit card instalments for a period of six months 
for almost all customers. The Group also provided financing through the Government support programme to 
individuals, SMEs and economic entities impacted by the COVID-19 crisis. 
The Group implemented the consumer and other instalment loans deferral by postponing the instalments falling 
due within the six-month period from 1 April 2020 to 30 September 2020 with a corresponding extension of 
the facility tenure resulting in a loss of KD 48.2 million to the Group arising from the modification of contractual 
cash-flows. This loss is charged to retained earnings in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy.

--- Page 143 ---
129 
 
2021 consumer and other instalments loans deferral scheme  
Kuwait banks announced postponed payment of consumer and instalment loans to eligible customers, upon 
request, in accordance with the CBK circular No. 2/BS/IBS/IS/IIS/FS/476/2021 dated 18 April 2021 concerning 
the implementing provisions of Article No. (2) of Law No. (3) of 2021 (the “Law”) regarding the deferral of 
the financial obligations for a six-month period with cancellation of interest and profits resulting from this 
deferral (the “2021 Scheme”).The cost of the instalment deferrals are fully borne by the Government of Kuwait 
in accordance with the Law. 
The Group implemented the 2021 Scheme by postponing the instalments for a six-month period from the 
customer request date with the corresponding extension of the facility tenure. The instalment deferral resulted 
in a loss to the Group arising from the modification of contractual cash-flows amounting to KD 51.6 million in 
accordance with IFRS 9. The current period loss was offset by an equivalent amount of receivables from the 
Government of Kuwait as Government grant in accordance with the Law. The Group has recorded the 
Government grant income by setting it off against the modification loss from the 2021 Scheme. The 
Government grant receivable is included in other assets in the consolidated statement of financial position (see 
Note 17 (Other Assets) to the 2021 Financial Statements). 
The phased relaxation of COVID-19 related control measures in 2021 resulted in a rebound in transaction 
volumes and the Group’s gross fees and commission income increased from KD 22.0 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020 to KD 29.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021. The Group’s net profit margins 
also improved following the conservative provisions recognised in the year ended 31 December 2020 in 
response to COVID-19. For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had recorded provisions of KD 50.8 
million in line with the CBK’s policy, compared to provisions of 59.0 million for the year ended 31 December 
2020. 
Economic conditions 
The Group is a local bank focused on extending financing to, and accepting deposits from, institutions, 
companies and residents in Kuwait. As a result, its revenues and results of operations are affected by economic 
and market conditions in Kuwait and, to a lesser extent, in certain other MENA region countries and the UK. 
According to the CBK and the KSB, Kuwait’s real GDP decreased by 3.0 per cent. in 2019 compared to 2018. 
Based on data published by the IMF in October 2021, Kuwait’s real GDP is projected to increase by 4.3 per 
cent. in 2022. According to the IMF’s 2020 Staff Report on its Article IV Consultation with Kuwait, non-oil 
growth strengthened and Kuwait’s credit “rebounded” due to, amongst other things, the CBK’s management of 
monetary conditions. 
The Group also remains exposed to the risk of external changes, such as an increase in global financial market 
volatility, which could pose funding, market and credit risks for investment companies and banks. 
Factors affecting net income from Islamic financing to customers 
The Group’s net financing income is a major contributor to its total operating income, comprising 83.9 per cent. 
of its operating income for the year ended 31 December 2021 (compared to 82.9 per cent. for the year ended 31 
December 2020). 
The Group’s net financing income is affected by a number of factors. It is primarily determined by the volume 
of Islamic financing to customers relative to distribution to depositors’ costs, as well as murabaha costs. The 
Group’s Islamic financing to customers principally consists of murabaha and ijara products provided to 
corporate and individual customers. The Group’s distribution to depositors and murabaha costs is determined 
by the Group’s results at the end of the month in relation to all products.

--- Page 144 ---
130 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s average Islamic financing to customers (based on balances 
as at the start and end of each period) was KD 5,168.2 million, compared to KD 4,324.7 million for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 and KD 3,544.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an 
increase of KD 843.5 million or 19.5 per cent. between 2020 and 2021 and an increase of KD 780.5 million or 
22.0 per cent. between 2019 and 2020.  
The year-on-year growth in the Group’s net financing income between 2020 and 2021 was primarily attributable 
to the growth in the volume of the Group’s profit-earning assets, and between 2019 and 2020 was primary 
attributable to the growth in the Group’s profit earning assets including the acquisition of BLME during the 
period.  
Movements in provision charge for impairments 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s provision charge for impairment was KD 50.8 million, 
compared to KD 59.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of KD 8.2 million 
or 14.0 per cent. This decrease was primarily attributable to a lower level of precautionary provisions raised in 
2021 as compared to in 2020 which had an increase in precautionary provisions to manage any potential 
consequences arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s provision charge for impairment was KD 59.0 million, 
compared to KD 18.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 40.3 million 
or 215.5 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the allocation of precautionary provisions against 
the future repercussions of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Significant accounting policies 
The Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with the regulations for financial services 
institutions as issued by the CBK in Kuwait which require banks and other financial institutions regulated by 
the CBK to adopt IFRS with certain amendments (see Note 2 (Basis of Preparation) to the 2021 Financial 
Statements). For a discussion of the accounting policies applied by the Group generally, see Note 3 (Significant 
accounting policies) to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Significant accounting judgements and key sources of estimation uncertainty 
In preparing the Group’s financial statements, management is required to make certain estimates, judgements 
and assumptions. These affect the reported amounts of the Group’s assets and liabilities, including disclosure 
of contingent assets and liabilities, as at the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of 
its revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Management bases its estimates and assumptions on 
historical experience and other factors that it believes to be reasonable at the time the estimates and assumptions 
are made and evaluates the estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. However, future events and their 
effects cannot be predicted with certainty and the determination of appropriate estimates and assumptions 
requires the use of judgement. Actual outcomes may differ from any estimates or assumptions made and such 
differences may be material to the financial statements. 
Management has identified the most significant judgements and estimates made by it in Note 4 (Critical 
accounting judgments and key sources of estimation uncertainty) to the 2021 Financial Statements. These 
judgements and estimates include, for example, the determination of fair value measurements, the estimation 
of recoverable amount in connection with the calculation of impairment of investment in associates, the 
classification of financial assets, estimations required in connection with the calculation of ECL on financial 
assets, the determination of whether a provision for impairment should be recorded in connection with any

--- Page 145 ---
131 
 
Islamic financing to customers and estimations required in connection with the valuation of unquoted equity 
investments. 
Results of operations for the years ended 31 December 2021, 2020 and 2019 
Net income from murabaha and other Islamic financing 
The Group earns income from murabaha and other Islamic financing on the Islamic financing to customers. 
The Group incurs Islamic financing costs through the distributions it makes to its Islamic depositors and costs 
related to its murabaha financing. Islamic financing income is recognised in the income statement on a basis 
which reflects a constant periodic return on the outstanding net investment relating to that financing. Islamic 
financing costs are recognised in the income statement on the basis of the type of depositor account. Islamic 
financing costs on murabaha and wakala products are recognised on an effective yield basis, which is 
established on initial recognition of the liability, and on other products, are recognised based on rates determined 
by reference to the Group’s results at the end of every month. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s murabaha and other Islamic financing income was KD 
223.2 million, compared to KD 223.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase 
of KD 0.1 million or 0.1 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the volume increase in average 
profit-earning assets during the year by 14.4 per cent., which was offset by lower yields reflecting the impact 
of the benchmark rate cuts in early 2020.  
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s murabaha and other Islamic financing income was KD 
223.1 million, compared to KD 207.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase 
of KD 15.5 million or 7.5 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the volume of 
Islamic financing to customers resulting from organic growth, the impact of the consolidation of BLME, and 
growth of Sukuk offset by a decrease in yield of profit-earning assets due to rate cuts implemented during the 
year ended 31 December 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s finance cost and distribution to depositors was KD 65.7 
million, compared to KD 84.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of KD 
18.5 million or 22 per cent. This decrease was primarily attributable to volume growth in financing liabilities 
being offset by lower cost of funds from the rate cuts implementing during the prior year ended 31 December 
2020. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s finance cost and distribution to depositors was KD 84.2 
million, compared to KD 88.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing a decrease of KD 4.0 
million or 4.5 per cent. This decrease was primarily attributable to growth in depositor’s accounts and medium-
term financing to support volume growth being offset by lower costs of funds due to rate cuts implemented 
during the year ended 31 December 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s net financing income for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 
157.5 million, compared to KD 138.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 119.5 million for 
the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 18.6 million or 13.4 per cent. between 2020 
and 2021, and an increase of KD 19.4 million or 16.2 per cent. between 2019 and 2020. 
Net fees and commission 
The Group earns fees and commissions on non-cash business (such as letters of credit and guarantees issued by 
the Bank), and on other bank services provided by it, including asset management, account servicing and 
syndication fees and card-related fees. The Group pays fees and commissions principally in respect of its credit 
card offering.

--- Page 146 ---
132 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s gross fees and commission income was KD 29.3 million, 
compared to KD 22.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of KD 7.3 million 
or 33.3 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in customer numbers and associated 
transaction volumes following the COVID-19 pandemic control measures and lockdowns which occurred in 
Kuwait in 2020 year, in addition to higher non-cash business and asset management fees from to growth in 
assets under management. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s fees and commission expenses were KD 12.5 million, 
compared to KD 9.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of KD 2.8 million 
or 28.7 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the increase in customer numbers and increased 
transaction volumes following the 2020 year and associated COVID-19 pandemic control measures including 
lockdowns. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s gross fees and commission income was KD 22.0 million, 
compared to KD 24.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing a decrease of KD 2.6 million 
or 10.6 per cent. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in credit card utilisation by customers 
as a result of the lockdown measures imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and a decrease in non-
cash business due to the COVID-19 pandemic offset by the impact of the consolidation of BLME into the 
Group. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s fees and commission expenses were KD 9.7 million, 
compared to KD 8.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 1.5 million 
or 18.3 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the impact of the consolidation of BLME into the 
Group. 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s net fees and commission for the year ended 31 December 2021 was 
KD 16.8 million, compared to KD 12.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 16.4 million for 
the year ended December 2019, representing an increase of KD 4.5 million or 37 per cent. between 2020 and 
2021 and a decrease of KD 4.1 million or 25.3 per cent. between 2019 and 2020. 
Other sources of operating income 
The Group’s other sources of operating income principally include net investment income, its share of the 
results of its associates and net gains from dealing in foreign currencies. 
The table below shows the Group’s operating income from other sources for the years indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Net investment income ..................................................... 
8,800
6,836
6,195
Net foreign exchange gain ............................................... 
4,679
5,157
3,687
Other income .................................................................... 
—
4,324
—
Operating income from other sources .......................... 
13,479
16,318
9,882
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s operating income from other sources was KD 13.5 million, 
compared to KD 16.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of KD 2.8 million 
or 17.4 per cent. This decrease was primarily attributable to the one-off other income received in 2020 reflecting

--- Page 147 ---
133 
 
the COVID-19-related support from the Government of Kuwait, offset by growth in investment income 
reflecting improvement investment performance. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s operating income from other sources was KD 16.3 million, 
compared to KD 9.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 6.4 million 
or 65.1 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to a net gain arising from the consolidation of BLME 
into the Group, COVID-19 support from the Government, higher rental income offset by a lower share of results 
from associates and unrealised loss from a change in the fair value of investment properties. 
Operating expenses 
The Group’s operating expenses comprise staff costs, general and administrative expenses and depreciation. 
The table below shows the Group’s operating expenses for the years indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
Staff costs ............................................. 
(52,449) 
60.1
(45,230) 
60.8
(36,094) 
59.1
General and administrative expenses .... 
(25,223) 
28.9
(20,011) 
26.9
(17,078) 
28.0
Depreciation ......................................... 
(9,566) 
11.0
(9,156) 
12.3
(7,892) 
12.9
Operating expenses ............................... 
(87,238) 
100.0
(74,397) 
100.0
(61,064) 
100.0
 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s operating expenses were KD 87.2 million, compared to KD 
74.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of KD 12.8 million or 17 per cent. 
This increase was primarily attributable to the scaling of operations including international digital investment, 
mainly Nomo Bank, in addition to annual salary increments and the resumption of expenditures associated with 
certain activities during the COVID-19 pandemic, including marketing expenses. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s operating expenses were KD 74.4 million, compared to KD 
61.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 13.3 million or 21.8 per 
cent. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in staff costs, due to annual salary increments and 
an increase in the number of staff within the Group, and the impact of the consolidation of BLME into the 
Group which were both offset by lower general and administration costs due to cessation of certain activities 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Provision for impairment 
For information on provisions for impairment, please see “– Principal Factors Affecting Results of Operations 
– Movements in provision charge for impairments”. 
Operating profit before taxation and board of directors' remuneration 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s operating profit before taxation and board of directors' remuneration 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 49.8 million, compared to KD 34.1 million for the year ended 
31 December 2020 and KD 66.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 
15.8 million or 46 per cent. between 2020 and 2021 and a decrease of KD 31.9 million or 48.4 per cent. between 
2019 and 2020.

--- Page 148 ---
134 
 
Taxation 
The Group’s taxation charge comprises the national labour support tax charged in Kuwait, its contribution to 
the Kuwait Foundation for the Advancement of Sciences, its zakat charge and international taxes. Together, 
these amounted to KD 1.3 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, compared to KD 0.1 million for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 2.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing a increase 
of KD 1.2 million or 1,622 per cent. between 2020 and 2021 and a decrease of KD 2.8 million or 97.5 per cent. 
between 2019 and 2020. 
Net profit for the year 
Reflecting the above factors, the Group’s net profit for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 48.0 million, 
compared to KD 33.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 62.7 million for the year ended 31 
December 2019, representing an increase of KD 14.4 million or 43 per cent. between 2020 and 2021 and a 
decrease of KD 29.2 million or 46.5 per cent. between 2019 and 2020. 
Other comprehensive income/(loss) 
The Group’s other comprehensive income/(loss) principally comprises changes in the fair value of its debt 
instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, changes in the fair value of its equity 
investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, re-measurement loss on post-employment 
benefits and foreign currency translation adjustments. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s other comprehensive income was KD 2.3 million compared 
to a loss of KD 10.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This change was primarily attributable to 
an increase in the fair value of debt instruments carried at fair value through other comprehensive income. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s other comprehensive loss was KD 10.9 million compared 
to KD 2.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This change was primarily attributable to a decrease 
in the fair value of debt and equity instruments and re-measurement losses on post-employment benefits. 
Total comprehensive income for the year 
Reflecting the Group’s net profit for the year and the Group’s other comprehensive income for the year, the 
Group’s total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 50.3 million, compared to 
KD 22.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 59.7 million for the year ended 31 December 
2019, representing an increase of KD 27.7 million or 122 per cent. between 2020 and 2021 and a decrease of 
KD 37.1 million or 62.1 per cent. between 2019 and 2020. 
Segmental analysis 
The Group’s operating segments are classified on the basis of business segments and geographic segments. For 
further information on the Group’s segment reporting, please see Note 29 (Segment reporting) to the 2021 
Financial Statements and Note 31 (Segment reporting) to the 2020 Financial Statements. 
Business segments 
The Group’s business segments comprise: 
• 
consumer banking, which provides a diversified range of products and services to individuals and 
institutional customers, including consumer finance, credit cards, deposits and other branch-related 
services; 
• 
corporate banking, which provides murabaha, ijara, trade service and other related services to business 
and corporate customers;

--- Page 149 ---
135 
 
• 
investment banking and international operations, which handles the Group’s direct investments, 
investments in associates, local and international real estate investment(s), and asset and wealth 
management including BLME activities; 
• 
treasury, which handles the Group’s local and international murabaha and other Islamic financing, 
primarily with other banks, and manages the Bank’s funding operations; and 
• 
Group centre, which includes other Group-related and residual activities in respect of transfer pricing 
and inter-segment allocation. 
The tables below show certain segment income information for the years indicated and certain asset information 
as at the dates indicated. 
Consumer 
banking
Corporate
banking
Investment 
banking and
international 
operations
Treasury
Group
centre
Total
(KD ’000) 
Year ended 31 December 2021 
Net financing income/(loss) ................................ 
91,038
46,457
9,566
6,261
4,185
157,507
Operating income/(loss) ...................................... 
99,707
52,838
28,054
10,924
(3,742) 
187,781
Net profit/(loss) for the year ................................ 
59,071
47,727
(2,776) 
10,221
(66,288) 
47,955
Year ended 31 December 2020 
Net financing income/loss ................................... 
78,488
41,967
6,344
5,322
6,768
138,889
Operating income/(loss) ...................................... 
84,194
46,377
17,898
10,480
8,533
167,482
Net profit/(loss) for the year ................................ 
49,783
51,898
798
9,830
(78,762) 
33,547
Year ended 31 December 2019 
Net financing income/(loss) ................................ 
67,590
35,542
(3,543) 
5,859
14,011
119,459
Operating income ................................................ 
74,551
43,929
9,609
9,533
8,147
145,769
Net profit/(loss) for the year ................................ 
36,261
28,080
5,059
8,943
(15,666) 
62,677
 
Consumer 
banking
Corporate
banking
Investment 
banking and
international 
operations
Treasury
Group
centre
Total
(KD ’000) 
As at 31 December 2021 
Total assets .......................................................... 
2,401,709
3,193,247
806,299
863,164
87,480
7,351,899
Total liabilities ..................................................... 
3,388,869
375,111
776,769
1,721,360
339,718
6,601,827
As at 31 December 2020 
Total assets .......................................................... 
1,883,992
2,981,778
845,877
660,504
64,998
6,437,149
Total liabilities ..................................................... 
2,792,244
581,432
705,176
1,431,374
300,193
5,810,419
As at 31 December 2019 
Total assets .......................................................... 
1,652,215
2,562,670
217,281
825,652
42,730
5,300,548
Total liabilities ..................................................... 
2,337,346
364,021
62,495
1,873,566
9,939
4,647,367
Consumer banking segment 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the consumer banking segment had an operating income of KD 99.7 
million, compared to KD 84.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of 
KD 15.5 million or 18.4 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the growth in Islamic financing to

--- Page 150 ---
136 
 
customers, depositors’ accounts and growth in fees and commission income following subdued spending 
activity in 2020 due to COVID-19-related lockdowns and travel restrictions. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the consumer banking segment had an operating income of KD 84.2 
million, compared to KD 74.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 
9.7 million or 12.9 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in Islamic financing to customers 
and depositors’ accounts. 
Corporate banking segment 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the corporate banking segment had an operating income of KD 52.8 
million, compared to KD 46.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of KD 
6.5 million or 13.9 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in business lending volume and 
associated fee income growth following the 2020 pandemic year. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the corporate banking segment had an operating income of KD 46.4 
million, compared to KD 43.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 
2.5 million or 5.6 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to growth in business volume offset by 
lower fee and commission income due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Investment banking and international operations segment 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the investment banking and international operations segment had an 
operating income of KD 28.1 million, compared to KD 17.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
representing an increase of KD 10.2 million or 56.7 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to 
improved performance of the Bank’s investments and higher fee income from assets under management and 
brokerage charges and higher net financing income from BLME, partly attributable to one-additional month of 
consolidation of BLME (as defined below) which occurred during the year ended 31 December 2021, as 
compared to the year ended 31 December 2020. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the investment banking and international operations segment, which in 
2019 was referred to as the “investment banking” segment, had an operating income of KD 17.9 million, 
compared to KD 9.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 8.3 million 
or 86.5 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to the impact of consolidation of BLME into the 
Group, gains on business combination and increases in rental income from investment properties. 
Treasury segment 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the treasury segment had an operating income of KD 10.9 million, 
compared to KD 10.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing an increase of KD 0.5 million 
or 4.2 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to lower cost of funds reflecting the full year impact of 
the rate cuts implemented in the first quarter of 2020. 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the treasury segment had an operating income of KD 10.4 million, 
compared to KD 9.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2019, representing an increase of KD 0.9 million 
or 9.5 per cent. This increase was primarily attributable to lower cost of funds due to rate cuts implemented in 
the year ended 31 December 2021 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Group centre segment 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group centre segment had an operating loss of KD 3.7 million, 
compared to an operating income of KD 8.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. This change was 
primarily attributable to movements in the pricing of fund transfers, intragroup fee income and non-recurrence 
of the one-off COVID-19 support from the Government of Kuwait in 2020.

--- Page 151 ---
137 
 
For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group centre segment had an operating income of KD 8.5 million, 
compared to an operating income of KD 8.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. This change was 
primarily attributable to movements in the pricing of fund transfers and COVID-19 support from the 
Government of Kuwait. 
Geographic segments 
The Group’s geographic segments comprise Middle East and North Africa, North America, Europe and Asia. 
For the year ended 31 December 2021, 93.7 per cent. of the Group’s income was attributable to Middle East 
and North Africa (compared to 99.7 for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 96.9 per cent. for the year ended 
31 December 2019). 
Liquidity and funding 
Overview 
The Group’s liquidity needs arise primarily from making Islamic financing available to customers, the payment 
of expenses and investments in securities. To date, the Group’s liquidity needs have been funded principally 
through deposits, medium term financing and operating cash flow, including profit received on its customer 
financing portfolio and its portfolio of investment securities. 
Liquidity 
The table below summarises the Group’s statement of cash flows for the years indicated. 
Year ended 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities .... 
(45,717) 
(7,564) 
327,637
Net cash used in investing activities ................................ 
(32,638) 
(194,104) 
(90,754) 
Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities .... 
254,573
273,526
107,487
Net increase in cash and cash equivalents .................... 
176,218
71,858
344,370
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year ... 
587,200
509,737
164,767
Net foreign exchange differences .................................. 
2,590
5,605
600
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year ........ 
766,008
587,200
509,737
 
The Group’s net cash used in operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 45.7 million, 
compared to KD 7.6 million net cash generated from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
representing an increase of KD 38.2 million or 504.4 per cent. In 2021, the Group’s net cash generated from 
operating activities principally reflected profit for the year adjusted for, amongst other things, provision for 
impairment, depreciation and changes in operating assets and liabilities, including Islamic Financing to 
customers, depositors’ account and due to banks. 
In 2020, the Group’s net cash used in operating activities principally reflected its profit for the year adjusted 
for, amongst other things, provision for impairment, depreciation and changes in operating assets and liabilities 
including, amongst other things, deposits with the CBK and other banks, and Islamic financing to customers 
and depositors’ account.

--- Page 152 ---
138 
 
The Group’s net cash generated from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2019 was KD 327.6 
million which principally reflected its profit for the year adjusted for, amongst other things, provisions for 
impairment, depreciation and foreign currency translation adjustments and changes in operating assets and 
liabilities including, amongst other things, depositors’ accounts, due to banks and Islamic financing to 
customers. 
The Group’s net cash used in investing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 32.6 million, 
compared to KD 194.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 and KD 90.8 million for the year ended 
31 December 2019, representing a decrease of KD 161.5 million or 83.2 per cent. between 2021 and 2020 and 
an increase of KD 103.3 million or 113.9 per cent. between 2019 and 2020. In each year, the Group’s principal 
investment activities were purchase and sale of available for sale investments, principally Sukuk, as well as 
purchase of investment properties and property and equipment. 
The Group’s net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2021 was KD 254.6 
million, compared to 273.5 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, representing a decrease of KD 19.0 
million or 6.9 per cent. In 2021, the Group’s net cash generated from financing activities mainly include 
proceeds from the Tier 1 Sukuk 2021 (as defined below) and medium-term financing. In 2020, the net cash 
generated comprised of proceeds from medium term financing and payment of dividends and profit distribution.  
The Group’s net cash generated from financing activities for the year ended 31 December 2019 was KD 107.5 
million. In 2019, the Group’s principal financing activity comprised of proceeds from the 2019 Rights Issue (as 
defined below), payment of dividends and profit distribution on the Perpetual Tier 1 Sukuk 2016 (as defined 
below). 
Funding 
The Group’s principal sources of funding are its depositors’ accounts and, to a lesser extent, interbank deposits. 
The Group also has access to a pool of unencumbered and liquid securities in the form of quoted Sukuk and 
equity securities that it can access to meet liquidity needs, in addition to its cash balances and placements with 
the CBK and other banks. 
The Group’s depositors’ accounts constituted KD 5.6 billion, or 85.1 per cent. of total liabilities, as at 31 
December 2021, compared to KD 5.1 billion, or 87.9 per cent. of total liabilities, as at 31 December 2020 and 
KD 4.3 billion, or 93.5 per cent. of total liabilities, as at 31 December 2019. In the three years ending 31 
December 2021, between 9 to 16 per cent. of the Group’s depositors’ accounts comprised deposits from the 
Government and its related agencies (see also “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil 
its Obligations under the Transaction Documents – The Group’s Islamic financing portfolio, investment 
securities portfolio and deposit base are concentrated in Kuwait, the MENA region and the UK” and “Risk 
Factors – Risks Relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the Transaction Documents 
– The Group has significant customer and sector concentrations”). 
On 1 April 2021, the Bank issued a series of Tier 1 certificates through a Sharia’s compliant Sukuk arrangement 
with an aggregate principal amount of U.S.$ 500 million which was fully allocated (the “Tier 1 Sukuk 2021”). 
The Tier 1 Sukuk 2021 is a perpetual security in respect of which there is no fixed redemption date and 
constitutes direct, unsecured, subordinated obligations (senior only to share capital) of the Bank subject to the 
terms and conditions of the mudaraba agreement in relation to the Tier 1 Sukuk 2021. The Tier 1 Sukuk 2021 
is callable by the Bank on 1 October 2026 and bears an expected profit rate of 3.95 per cent. per annum to be 
paid semi-annually in arrear. The expected profit rate will be reset on 1 April 2027 based on then prevailing 6 
years U.S. Treasury Rate plus initial margin of 2.896 per cent. per annum. The net proceeds are invested by 
way of Mudaraba with the Bank (as Mudareb) on an unrestricted co-mingling basis, by the Bank in its general 
business activities carried out through the general Mudaraba pool. The Mudaraba profit will not be accumulated.

--- Page 153 ---
139 
 
The Tier 1 Sukuk issued in 2016 were redeemed partially on 1 April 2021 through a tender buy-back amounting 
to U.S.$73.9 million at a price of 100.40 per cent. of their nominal value and the balance Tier 1 Sukuk amounting 
to U.S.$176.1 million were redeemed together with profit accrued on its first call date of 16 May 2021. Premium 
paid on the tender buy-back along with the foreign exchange translation were recorded in the consolidated 
statement of changes in equity during the year. 
In 2019, the Bank established a U.S.$1 billion trust certificate issuance programme (the “Programme”) which 
provides for the issuance of Sukuk by way of private or public placements and in each case on a syndicated or 
non-syndicated basis. On 18 February 2020, the Bank issued U.S.$750 million fixed rate Sukuk at 2.593 per 
cent. due 2025 under the Programme.  
The table below shows the Group’s funding in the form of due to banks, depositors’ accounts and other liabilities 
as at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021 
2020 
2019 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
(KD ’000) 
(% of total) 
Due to banks ......................................... 
395,150
6.0
281,371
4.8
236,480
5.1
Depositors’ accounts ............................. 
5,618,787
85.1
5,107,728
87.9
4,347,226
93.5
Medium term financing ........................ 
485,371
7.3
305,509
5.3
—
—
Other liabilities ..................................... 
102,519
1.6
115,811
2.0
63,661
1.4
Total liabilities .................................... 
6,601,827
100.0
5,810,419
100.0
4,647,367
100.0
 
The Group’s depositors’ accounts comprise current and demand accounts, savings accounts and time deposits. 
The Group’s current and demand accounts are mostly non-profit bearing and amounts may be withdrawn from 
these accounts at any time without notice. The Group’s savings accounts are Shari’a-compliant accounts subject 
to the principles of mudaraba and amounts may also be withdrawn from these accounts at any time without 
notice. 
The Group believes that its current and demand accounts and savings accounts are diversified and stable in 
nature, and constitute a stable and secure source of low cost funding. The Group’s current and demand accounts 
and savings accounts form a significant proportion of its total depositors’ accounts. 
The Group accepts time deposits for a range of periods up to five years. 
Maturity profile 
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group’s total liabilities and equity as at the dates indicated. 
This analysis is based on contractual cash flows, maturity dates or on management’s estimate of liquidation. 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
As at 31 December 2021 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
395,150
— 
—
— 
395,150
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
4,084,631
693,090 
536,709
304,357 
5,618,787
Medium term financing .................................. 
—
— 
—
485,371 
485,371

--- Page 154 ---
140 
 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
Other liabilities ............................................... 
31,272
— 
30,722
40,525 
102,519
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
750,072 
750,072
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
4,511,053
693,090 
567,431
1,580,325 
7,351,899
As at 31 December 2020 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
281,371
— 
—
— 
281,371
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
3,801,305
542,705 
465,843
297,875 
5,107,728
Medium term financing .................................. 
—
— 
—
305,509 
305,509
Other liabilities ............................................... 
24,228
— 
28,618
62,965 
115,811
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
626,730 
626,730
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
4,106,904
542,705 
494,461
1,293,079 
6,437,149
As at 31 December 2019 
 
 
Due to banks ................................................... 
219,372
7,078 
10,030
— 
236,480
Depositors’ accounts ....................................... 
3,135,604
542,904 
518,387
150,331 
4,347,226
Other liabilities ............................................... 
29,281
— 
13,679
20,701 
63,661
Equity ............................................................. 
—
— 
—
653,181 
653,181
Total liabilities and equity ............................ 
3,384,257
549,982 
542,096
824,213 
5,300,548
 
A significant proportion of the Group’s liabilities and equity disclosed in the tables above is short-term in nature. 
As at 31 December 2021, 61.4 per cent. of the Group’s liabilities and equity matured within three months while 
78.5 per cent. of the Group’s liabilities and equity matured within a year. 
The Group’s deposit base is gradually reducing its concentration by depositor type, namely cash-rich 
Government and Government-related entities. Significant time deposits from large customers are, with the 
customers’ agreement, divided into smaller deposits with varying maturities, thereby partly mitigating the risks 
associated with single party deposit concentration. 
Equity funding 
For a discussion of the Group’s share capital and reserves as at 31 December in each of 2021, 2020 and 2019, 
see Note 20 (Share Capital) to Note 25 (Other reserves) to the 2021 Financial Statements, see Note 22 (Share 
capital) to Note 27 (Other reserves) (inclusive) to the 2020 Financial Statements and Note 20 (Share capital) 
to Note 25 (Other reserves) (inclusive) to the 2019 Financial Statements. 
Financing 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total Islamic financing portfolio (net of provisions) was KD 5.5 billion, 
compared to KD 4.8 billion as at 31 December 2020 and KD 3.8 billion as at 31 December 2019. 
The table below shows the Group’s Islamic financing portfolio, provisions and financing to deposit ratios as at 
the dates indicated.

--- Page 155 ---
141 
 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000, unless ratio) 
Total Islamic financing to customers(1) ............................ 
5,678,933
4,950,429
3,892,694
Less: provision for impairment ........................................ 
-165,859
(127,163) 
(66,621) 
Islamic financing to customers ...................................... 
5,513,074
4,823,266
3,826,073
Islamic financing to customers to depositors’ account 
and due to banks ratio(2) ................................................... 
92% 
90% 
83% 
Islamic financing to customers to depositors’ account 
ratio(2) ............................................................................... 
98% 
94% 
88% 
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Comprises total Islamic financing to customers without adjusting for provision for impairment. 
(2) 
For a further description of these ratios (including calculation methodology), see “Presentation of Certain Financial 
and Other Information – Presentation of Financial Information – Presentation of Alternative Performance 
Measures”. 
 
The Group’s Islamic financing portfolio is principally denominated in Kuwaiti dinar, although Islamic financing 
to customers is also provided in U.S. dollars, pounds sterling and euro, among other currencies. The Group 
believes that there is only limited structural cross-currency exposure as the majority of its assets and liabilities 
are match-funded in currency terms. 
Distribution of Islamic financing to customers by maturity 
The table below shows the maturity profile of the Group’s Islamic financing to customers as at the dates 
indicated. This analysis is based on contractual cash flows, maturity dates or on management’s estimate of 
liquidation. 
As at 31 December 
Up to 3
months
3 to 6 
months 
6 months to 
1 year
Over 1 year 
Total
(KD ’000) 
2021 ................................................................ 
1,998,579
416,170 
294,167
2,804,158 
5,513,074
2020 ................................................................ 
1,701,849
388,644 
403,224
2,329,549 
4,823,266
2019 ................................................................ 
1,100,860
826,597 
241,104
1,657,512 
3,826,073
Distribution of Islamic financing to customers by geographical region and customer segment 
The table below shows the geographic region and customer segment distribution of the Group’s Islamic 
financing to customers as at the dates indicated.

--- Page 156 ---
142 
 
Kuwait and 
Middle East
North 
America, Asia
and Africa
Europe and 
UK
Total
(KD ‘000) 
As at 31 December 2021 
Corporate banking ....................................... 
2,707,487
7,704
558,331
3,273,522
Consumer banking ....................................... 
2,405,411
—
—
2,405,411
Total Islamic financing to customers ....... 
5,112,898
7,704
558,331
5,678,933
Less: provision for impairment .................... 
-148,740
-77
-17,042
-165,859
Islamic financing to customers ................. 
4,964,158
7,627
541,289
5,513,074
As at 31 December 2020 
Corporate banking ....................................... 
2,535,367
14,755
515,376
3,065,498
Consumer banking ....................................... 
1,884,931
—
—
1,884,931
Total Islamic financing to customers ....... 
4,420,298
14,755
515,376
4,950,429
Less: provision for impairment .................... 
-114,773
-148
-12,242
-127,163
Islamic financing to customers ................. 
4,305,525
14,607
503,134
4,823,266
As at 31 December 2019 
Corporate banking ....................................... 
2,234,876
7,654
—
2,242,530
Consumer banking ....................................... 
1,650,164
—
—
1,650,164
Total Islamic financing to customers ....... 
3,885,040
7,654
—
3,892,694
Less: provision for impairment .................... 
-66,544
-77
—
-66,621
Islamic financing to customers ................. 
3,818,496
7,577
—
3,826,073
Distribution of the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk by industry sector 
The Group does not disclose the sectoral split of its Islamic financing to customers in the Financial Statements, 
although it does disclose the sectoral split of its financial assets before taking into account any collateral held 
or credit enhancements. The table below shows the industry sector distribution of the Group’s financial assets 
before taking into account any collateral held or credit enhancements as at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Trading ............................................................................. 
146,277
137,307
113,502
Manufacturing .................................................................. 
249,415
203,742
210,831
Banking and other financial institutions ........................... 
1,029,626
872,083
699,339
Construction ..................................................................... 
212,319
237,475
66,439
Real estate ........................................................................ 
1,310,732
1,369,592
1,011,541
Retail ................................................................................ 
2,318,578
1,782,704
1,565,183
Government ...................................................................... 
794,950
717,669
615,021
Others ............................................................................... 
987,023
829,321
706,318

--- Page 157 ---
143 
 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Total ................................................................................. 
7,048,920
6,149,893
4,988,174
 
As at 31 December 2021, the retail sector accounted for 32.9 per cent. of the Group’s financial assets before 
taking into account any collateral held or credit enhancements (compared to 29.0 per cent. as at 31 December 
2020 and 31.4 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) while the construction and real estate sectors together 
accounted for 21.6 per cent. of the Group’s financial assets before taking into account any collateral held or 
credit enhancements (compared to 26.1 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 21.6 per cent. as at 31 December 
2019). 
Investment securities portfolio 
The Group’s investment securities portfolio comprises a portfolio of Sukuk, investment in equity securities and 
funds. The Group invests in such securities to generate returns and to provide an additional source of liquidity 
when required. 
The table below summarises the Group’s investment securities portfolio as at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Investment in Sukuk ......................................................... 
529,253
523,046
306,315
Investment in Sukuk – FVOCI(1) ...................................... 
510,388
504,218
306,315
Investment in Sukuk – FVTPL(2) ..................................... 
18,865
18,828
—
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .......... 
102,848
81,691
80,440
Investment in unquoted equity funds ............................... 
102,848
81,691
80,440
Financial assets at fair value through other 
comprehensive income ..................................................... 
19,853
17,418
20,775
Investment in unquoted equity securities ......................... 
16,600
17,275
20,624
Investment in quoted equity securities ............................. 
3,253
143
151
Total ................................................................................. 
651,954
622,155
407,530
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
“FVOCI” means fair value through other comprehensive income. 
(2) 
“FVTPL” means fair value through profit or loss. 
 
The Group’s investment policy requires all investments in securities to have an investment grade rating as 
determined by rating agencies, except for sovereign securities.

--- Page 158 ---
144 
 
Capital adequacy 
Capital adequacy, financial leverage and the use of various levels of regulatory capital are monitored regularly 
by the Group’s management and are also governed by guidelines of the Basel Committee as adopted by the 
CBK. 
In June 2014, the CBK issued directives on the adoption of capital adequacy standards under the Basel III 
framework applicable to licensed banks in Kuwait, effectively replacing and superseding the earlier Basel II 
requirements. The Basel III reforms strengthen the quality of capital and introduce several buffer requirements 
in line with proposals made by the Basel Committee. The CBK Basel III framework consists of three Pillars: 
• 
Pillar 1 provides a framework for measuring capital requirements for credit, operational and market risks 
under the “Standardised Approach”; 
• 
Pillar 2 relates to the supervisory review process and emphasises the importance of the Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process (“ICAAP”) performed by banks; and 
• 
Pillar 3 aims to complement the above capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 by 
requiring banks to provide a consistent and understandable disclosure framework which facilitates 
comparison, thus enhancing the safety and soundness of the banking industry in Kuwait. 
The Basel III framework raises both the quality and quantity of the capital base and increases capital 
requirements for certain positions. The minimum requirements for capital are underpinned by a leverage ratio 
that serves as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. There are also buffer requirements in the form of a 
capital conservation buffer, a countercyclical capital buffer and an additional surcharge for banks designated as 
domestic systemically important. 
The primary objectives of the Group in respect of capital management are to ensure that the Group complies 
with externally imposed capital requirements and that it maintains strong and healthy capital ratios in order to 
support its business and to maximise shareholders’ value. The Group aims to ensure adherence to the CBK’s 
requirements by monitoring its capital adequacy and adopting both a capital forecasting process that ensures 
that proactive action is taken where necessary and a strategy that ensures that a sufficient capital buffer above 
minimum required levels is maintained at all times. This process is supported by the use of proprietary capital-
planning methodology which takes into consideration regulatory capital requirements, rating agency views, 
stress testing and bottom-up views of business plans. 
The table below shows the composition of the Group’s regulatory capital and its capital ratios as at the dates 
indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000, unless %) 
Risk weighted assets ........................................................ 
4,727,562
4,083,632
3,246,032
Capital required ............................................................. 
661,859
551,290
421,984
Capital available 
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital ........................................ 
567,528
558,460
546,790
Additional Tier 1 Capital .................................................. 
149,544
78,015
75,616
Tier 1 Capital.................................................................... 
717,072
636,475
622,406

--- Page 159 ---
145 
 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000, unless %) 
Tier 2 Capital.................................................................... 
58,354
51,864
37,288
Total Capital ................................................................... 
775,426
688,339
659,694
Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio ......... 
12.00% 
13.68% 
16.84% 
Tier 1 Capital Adequacy Ratio ...................................... 
15.17% 
15.59% 
19.17% 
Total Capital Adequacy Ratio ....................................... 
16.40% 
16.86% 
20.32% 
 
The Group is also subject to a CBK Basel III leverage ratio requirement of 3.0 per cent. The Group’s leverage 
ratio was 9.37 per cent. as at 31 December 2021, 9.37 as at 31 December 2020 and 11.16 per cent. as at 31 
December 2019. 
Capital expenditure and other commitments 
The Group does not have any material ongoing capital expenditure or, save as disclosed under “– Contingent 
Liabilities”, other commitments. 
Contingent Liabilities 
The Group has contingent liabilities in respect of funding commitments it has made as well as in relation to 
acceptances, letters of credit and guarantees issued by it. The table below shows these contingent liabilities as 
at the dates indicated. 
As at 31 December 
2021
2020
2019
(KD ’000) 
Guarantees ........................................................................ 
292,528
287,185
271,839
Acceptances and letters of credit ...................................... 
101,142
104,549
90,184
Other commitments .......................................................... 
125,818
119,206
95,121
Total ................................................................................. 
519,488
510,940
457,144
Related party transactions 
The Group’s principal related party transactions are with the Bank’s major shareholders, the members of the 
Board, entities controlled by such shareholders or members of the Board or under their joint control, key 
management personnel and their close family members as well as with the NBK Group and its board members, 
key management personnel, branches, associates and subsidiaries. IFRS requires the disclosure of shareholder 
related parties only in cases where those related parties exercise significant influence. Certain related parties 
are customers of the Group in the ordinary course of business. Transactions with related parties are made on 
substantially the same terms, including collateral, as those prevailing at the same time for comparable 
transactions with unrelated parties and do not involve an amount of risk that is higher than the amount of risk

--- Page 160 ---
146 
 
taken in comparable transactions with unrelated parties. Financings to directors and their related parties are 
secured by tangible collateral in accordance with CBK regulations. 
The Group adheres to CBK guidelines on extending financing to related parties. Credit facilities to members of 
the Board can only be approved under conditions specified by the CBK which include the following: 
• 
all facilities to members of the Board must be approved, renewed or modified only at the Board level 
and this authority cannot be delegated to a committee or other body; 
• 
the approval, renewal or modification of Board members’ facilities can only be considered approved 
when at least three-quarters of the Board members have approved the same; and 
• 
the Bank must acquire adequate collateral. 
Credit extensions to related parties are also subject to adherence to the overall CBK limits which include that 
the total related party exposures should not exceed 50 per cent. of a bank’s capital. 
Further information on the Group’s related party transactions is set out in Note 27 (Related party transactions) 
to the 2021 Financial Statements.

--- Page 161 ---
147 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GROUP 
OVERVIEW 
The Bank, which along with its subsidiaries is referred to as the “Group” and which is the ultimate holding 
company within the Group, was established by the Kuwait Investment Authority (“KIA”) in 2004 as an Islamic 
bank to operate in accordance with Islamic Shari’a law and to apply Islamic principles in relation to client and 
investor transactions in Kuwait and was the first Islamic bank in Kuwait to be established under Law No. 
30/2003 (concerning Islamic Banks). As at 31 December 2021, the Group was the third-largest banking group 
in Kuwait in terms of total assets, customer deposits and Islamic financings to customers and has substantial 
market shares in the consumer and corporate segments across various products and services, including 
murabaha and ijara financing and credit card usage, among other services. 
The Group’s core businesses are consumer banking, corporate banking and investment management. The Group 
is primarily focused on offering its products and services in Kuwait and has a presence outside Kuwait through 
its ownership of shareholdings in an entity in the UK. 
The Group offers its clients a wide range of banking and financial services through one of the fastest-growing 
branch networks in Kuwait, as at 31 December 2021, comprising 45 branches, 304 automated teller machines 
(“ATMs”), a network of point of sale (“POS”) terminals as well as telebanking, internet banking and mobile 
banking services. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total assets were KD 7.4 billion, compared to KD 6.4 billion as at 31 
December 2020 and its equity attributable to shareholders of the Group was KD 563.5 million as at 31 December 
2021, compared to KD 517.9 million as at 31 December 2020. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s Islamic 
financing to customers was KD 5.5 billion, compared to KD 4.8 billion as at 31 December 2020 and its 
aggregate depositors’ accounts were KD 5.6 billion, compared to KD 5.1 billion as at 31 December 2020. In 
the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group’s net profit was KD 48.0 million, compared to KD 33.5 million 
for the year ended 31 December 2020. The Group’s profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 
December 2021 was KD 48.5 million, compared to KD 34.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s total and tier 1 capital adequacy ratios, calculated in accordance with the 
Basel III methodology adopted by the CBK, were 16.4 per cent. and 15.2 per cent., respectively, and its leverage 
ratio, calculated in accordance with CBK requirements, was 9.37 per cent. 
The Bank has been listed on the Boursa Kuwait, formerly the Kuwait Stock Exchange, since 15 May 2006. Its 
total market capitalisation as at 31 December 2021 was KD 2.5 billion. 
The Bank’s registered office is at Al-Hamad Towers, P.O. Box 25507, Safat 13116, Kuwait and its telephone 
number is +965 2232 5000. Its commercial registration number with the Kuwaiti Ministry of Commerce is 
104042.  
HISTORY 
The Bank was incorporated in Kuwait with a share capital of KD 100.0 million by an Emiri decree on 21 
September 2004 (Emiri Decree No. 88 of 2004 permitting the foundation of Boubyan Bank) by the KIA and 
the Public Institution for Social Security, which owned 20 per cent. and 4 per cent. of the Bank, respectively. 
The Bank is regulated by the CBK, which issued its licence on 28 November 2004. The KIA subsequently sold 
its stake in the Bank via an auction in the year 2009.  
Having first acquired a minority shareholding in the Bank in 2009 as a bidder for the KIA shares, the National 
Bank of Kuwait group (the “NBK Group”) held 47.3 per cent. of the Bank’s shares at the end of 2010. In 2012,

--- Page 162 ---
148 
 
the NBK Group increased its shareholding in the Bank to a majority stake of 58.3 per cent. As a result, the Bank 
has been consolidated as a subsidiary of the NBK Group for accounting purposes since 31 July 2012. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, the NBK Group holds 59.9 per cent. of the Bank’s shares. The NBK Group acquired its 
shareholding in the Bank in order to enter into the Islamic banking sector. Consequently, the NBK Group was 
able to enhance the Bank’s position in the local market and develop its various Islamic banking services, as 
well as implement major strategic initiatives, providing the NBK Group with a gateway into the Islamic banking 
market. To ensure the continued stability of the Bank, in 2009 the Bank appointed a leading international 
consulting firm to implement a new strategy. The strategy was completed through successful, focused 
initiatives, including the development of a strong retail banking offering and the improvement of sales 
effectiveness (see “—Strategy”). The Group is an Islamic banking group, with estimated market shares of total 
banking sector assets and depositors’ accounts in Kuwait of 8.9 per cent. and 10.7 per cent., respectively, as at 
31 December 2021. 
Having first acquired approximately 20 per cent. of the Bank in 2006, the Investment Dar (“TID”) sold its stake 
in the Bank to the Commercial Bank of Kuwait (“CBOK”) (see “—Capital Structure and Shareholders”). 
In 2010, the Bank completed a rights issue of 583,000 ordinary shares, in which it raised KD 145.0 million 
(“2010 Rights Issue”), and which was approved by an extraordinary general meeting of the Bank held on 1 
October 2009. Shareholders were offered one share for every two shares held at an offer price of KD 0.250 per 
share comprising a nominal value of KD 0.100 per share and a premium of KD 0.150 per share. The 2010 
Rights Issue was fully subscribed resulting in an increase in share capital of KD 58.0 million and a share 
premium of KD 87.0 million. The purpose of the 2010 Rights Issue was to increase the equity base of the Bank 
in order to support the continued growth of the Bank’s assets. 
Further, in 2019, the Bank completed another rights issue of 376,184,277 ordinary shares, in which it raised 
KD 131.6 million (“2019 Rights Issue”), and which was approved by an extraordinary general meeting of the 
Bank held on 17 March 2019. Shareholders were offered 15 per cent. shares of the total issued share capital at 
an offer price of KD 0.350 per share, comprising a nominal value of KD 0.100 per share and a premium of KD 
0.250 per share. The 2019 Rights Issue was fully subscribed resulting in an increase in share capital of KD 37.6 
million and a share premium of KD 94.0 million. The 2019 Rights Issue concluded on 5 May 2019 and the 
market price of the Bank’s shares at the time of the 2019 Rights Issue was KD 0.630 per share. The purpose of 
the 2019 Rights Issue was to increase the equity base of the Bank in order to support the continued growth of 
the Bank’s assets. 
The Bank’s shares were first listed on Boursa Kuwait, formerly the Kuwait Stock Exchange, on 15 May 2006 
and, as at 31 December 2021, two shareholders had holdings in excess of 5 per cent. of the Bank’s share capital 
(see “—Capital Structure and Shareholders”). 
STRATEGY 
Following the increase in the NBK Group’s stake in the Bank in 2012, the Group underwent three phases of 
strategic planning to positively transform its business operations. The Group was successful in delivering the 
first phase of the strategy during the period from 2009 to 2014 (“Phase 1”), which developed the strategic 
direction and initiatives for the Group to build foundations for sustainable growth that would allow it to capture 
“quick-win” opportunities and address potential high-risk areas. From 2014 to 2017, the Group implemented 
the second phase of the strategy (“Phase 2”) in which it introduced retail and corporate offerings, expanded its 
branch footprint and enlarged its business and target focus segments whilst also developing and complementing 
product and channel innovation. 
The Group’s third and current phase of the strategy (“Phase 3”) began in 2017 and builds on the Group’s robust 
domestic foundations while strengthening its international presence. A “step-up” approach has been defined to

--- Page 163 ---
149 
 
shape the Group’s strategy going forward by (i) focusing on sustainable growth in Kuwait and (ii) growing the 
Wealth Management value proposition and digital platforms while mitigating financial and non-financial risks. 
The Group will continue to focus on increasing its market share by, for instance, the retail business intending 
to increase the Group’s youth and affluent banking customers and the corporate business intending to focus on 
medium and large corporates. 
Building a leading Islamic finance franchise 
The Group’s long-term aspiration is to become one of the top five Islamic banks in the world and to be a modern 
Islamic bank that offers innovative digital products and services to its customers as an alternative to 
conventional banking. As part of that aspiration, the Group has differentiated itself successfully from its 
competitors and will continue to do so by offering excellent customer service with a clear focus on youth, 
affluent and high net worth clients and medium and large corporate customers. During the period from 2020 to 
2023, the Group expects to maintain its position in key targeted businesses by creating organic growth through 
enhanced value propositions, introducing innovative channels and developing new digital banking platforms. 
The Group will continue to focus its efforts on its domestic business and on elevating its existing international 
presence which, as discussed further below, was evidenced by the Group’s increase in its shareholding of BLME 
in 2020 and the launch of NOMO in 2021 as the First Global Islamic Digital Bank. 
The Group’s short-term strategy is to: (i) continue innovating its product service offering to enhance customer 
experience; (ii) maximise operational efficiency; and (iii) become an emerging Islamic banking leader in 
Kuwait. 
Based on the interim financial statements published by Kuwaiti banks: 
• 
as at 30 September 2021, Islamic banks accounted for 45.6 per cent. of total Kuwaiti bank assets and 
52.4 per cent. of total Kuwaiti bank deposits in Kuwait; and 
• 
for the five years ended 30 September 2021, asset growth among Kuwaiti Islamic banks has averaged 
9.1 per cent. compared to an increase in assets for Kuwaiti conventional banks of an average of 2.3 per 
cent. 
The Group aims to expand its core domestic business by growing its market share across various segments and 
products within that business. The growth across products and segments is intended to occur simultaneously 
with a disciplined approach in managing both risk and costs. Within its core domestic product groups of 
corporate, consumer and investment management, the Group intends to implement the strategy as follows: 
Consumer banking 
Within the consumer banking sector in Kuwait, the Group’s objectives include: 
• 
maintaining the Group’s position as a leader in customer service and enhancing the customer experience; 
• 
continuing to grow its market share as the bank of choice for affluent and private banking customers 
through improved digital initiatives; 
• 
growing market shares across various products and customer age groups with targeted product offerings 
to focus segments; 
• 
maintaining the Group’s branch footprint to facilitate the acquisition of target customers; and 
• 
innovating in respect of the Group’s products and sales and delivery channels. 
In relation to its consumer banking operations, the Group aims to further expand its market share through 
focusing on affluent and private banking customers and continues to work on positioning itself as the bank of

--- Page 164 ---
150 
 
choice for affluent customers and Kuwaiti nationals in particular. The Group will achieve this by enhancing the 
customer experience, focusing on innovation in product and services offerings and promoting its products 
through the use of campaigns. The Group is complementing its product and services offering through the 
introduction of market leading reward and loyalty programmes, developing segment specific products (such as 
private banking affluent accounts described below), differentiating affluent value proposition across products, 
services and customer experience, and introducing liability products with attractive features (such as drawdown 
flexibility). The Group aims to grow personal finance volumes and deposit volumes by acquiring salary 
transfers and increasing its volume of business with affluent and private banking customers. The Group is 
continually enhancing its comprehensive consumer banking platform in terms of distribution channels to 
achieve its consumer banking ambitions. Between the end of 2017 and 2021, the Group grew its branch network 
from 39 to 45 branches and added 304 new ATMs. Along with maintaining its footprint and distribution 
network, the Group’s customer satisfaction ratings continue to be higher than the average for both Islamic and 
conventional Kuwaiti banks, all of which have contributed to its continuous growth in profitability and its 
increased market share. 
Corporate banking 
Within the corporate banking sector in Kuwait, the Group’s objectives include: 
• 
defending, and strategically expanding, its position and market share in large and mid-size corporate 
clients; 
• 
offering innovative products and services to its clients; and 
• 
delivering faster solutions and superior service through the improvement of its credit processes and 
systems. 
In relation to its corporate operations, the Group aims to become the bank of choice for medium to large 
corporate clients while continuing to increase its market share in the large companies segment. The Group 
increased its corporate client base by 24.4 per cent. over the past three years in diversified sectors with a sectorial 
focus on trade services, real estate, contracting and structured finance. For example, the Group increased the 
number of customers which are in the trade service sector by 12.2 per cent. in the period from 2017 to 2021. 
In relation to large corporates, the Group’s focus is to encourage proactive client acquisition, increase its volume 
of business from existing clients by focusing on ancillary business, offering tailored products and terms to its 
customers and improving the delivery of services to its clients by providing them with accessible and competent 
corporate finance bankers. 
In relation to medium companies, the Group intends to increase the generation of leads to increase its client 
database through a targeted pipeline of potential customers, simplify credit processes in order to enhance the 
speed of delivery of services and products to its customers and customise its coverage model, involving the use 
of relationship managers to provide quick and innovative financial solutions, while continuing to manage credit 
risk in a focused manner. The Group aims to improve its offering in the corporate segment through innovation 
in products and services, which would enable it to provide its clients with a wider variety of financing solutions. 
The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated the Group’s digital transformation efforts, with the goal of providing 
the Bank’s services and products efficiently. The Group was keen on the ongoing development of technological 
and digital aspects of banking services and products offered to local companies by adding various services 
which can be performed online or through the Boubyan Corporate App. 
Solidifying existing international presence 
The Group’s strategy of strengthening its existing international presence includes boosting the performance of 
BLME Holdings Plc (“BLME”). BLME’s principal activity is to act as a holding company for Bank of London

--- Page 165 ---
151 
 
and the Middle East plc and its subsidiaries. Bank of London and the Middle East plc is an independent 
wholesale bank engaged in investment, commercial finance, private client banking and wealth management. 
Following the increase of the Bank’s shareholding in BLME in 2020, a transformational wealth management 
strategy was put in place. The Group aims to develop Bank of London and the Middle East plc into the UK’s 
leading provider of Shari’a compliant wealth management solutions for GCC nationals who have interests in 
the UK. 
In the area of wealth management, the Group may also act as a portal into London and other markets for 
customers of other GCC banks. 
Aligned with the ambition to provide a wider range of financial solutions to the Middle Eastern markets, NOMO 
was launched as the first fully licensed and regulated UK Islamic digital bank which caters to customers with a 
global financial outlook. NOMO was created to re-imagine the experience of borderless banking and make 
international banking and investments accessible and convenient for clients. NOMO has been developed to 
accommodate a growing segment of individuals in the Middle East with international banking needs. It provides 
a digital solution for accessing, moving, and investing money in the UK and internationally with ease and 
assurance. 
The Group has increasingly focused its strategy on wealth management via BLME and digital banking (in 
particular via NOMO). NOMO is a brand under the BLME license which is catered to the affluent segment 
while BLME itself will continue to cater to the high net worth segments. The Bank keeps the names of both 
these brands separate in order to maintain them as separate entities from the Bank. 
Monitoring selected growth opportunities 
The Group’s long-term geographic diversification strategy involves expanding its regional presence in the 
GCC, and strengthening its Islamic banking franchise in the MENA region and elsewhere. In the short- to 
medium-term, the Group’s strategy is to focus on increasing and improving its position in its domestic market 
while also strengthening its international presence. 
Private Banking and Wealth Management 
Within the private banking and wealth management sectors in Kuwait, the Group’s objectives include: 
• 
scaling up the Group’s private banking and wealth management operating model; 
• 
expanding the products offered to customers in conjunction with Boubyan Capital Investment Company 
K.S.C. (Closed) (“Boubyan Capital”); 
• 
continuing to develop acquisition, marketing and relationship capabilities; 
• 
growing the Group’s market share in these sectors; and 
• 
creating distinctive Islamic wealth management opportunities for customers. 
Impact of COVID-19 
See “Risk Management – Response to COVID-19” for details on the Group’s strategy in managing the effects 
of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
STRENGTHS 
The Group benefits from a number of business strengths. In particular:

--- Page 166 ---
152 
 
Leading Islamic banking group in Kuwait with a growing market position and strong growth record 
Since 2017, the Group has increased its domestic market share of Islamic banking business in Kuwait across 
several segments. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had total assets of KD 7.4 billion, total Islamic financing 
to customers of KD 5.5 billion and total depositors’ accounts of KD 5.6 billion, compared to total assets of KD 
6.4 billion, total Islamic financing to customers of KD 4.8 billion and total depositors’ accounts of KD 5.1 
billion as at 31 December 2020. Over the period from 2016 to 2021, the Group increased its financing portfolio 
at three times the rate of the market and increased its deposits at two times the rate of the market. It also has 
one of the fastest growing and one of the most diversified distribution networks within Kuwait. The Group’s 
distribution network is described under “—Reporting segments — Consumer banking reporting segment— 
Distribution channels”. The Group increased its market share in personal finance from 10.4 per cent. in 2016 
to 14.3 per cent. in 2021. Furthermore, the Group maintains a 11.1 per cent. and a 10.7 per cent. market share 
in financings and deposits, respectively, as at 31 December 2021.  
Sound and consistent financial performance 
The Group has a history of profitability and remained profitable, growing its total assets at three times the rate 
of the market between 31 December 2016 and 31 December 2021. Between 31 December 2016 and 31 
December 2021, the Group’s operating profit (being its operating profit before provisions for credit losses and 
impairment losses) grew at a compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of 10.9 per cent., its total assets grew 
at a CAGR of 16.1 per cent. and equity attributable to shareholders of the Group grew at a CAGR of 10.3 per 
cent. In addition, the Group benefits from low-cost funding due to its strong liquidity position, institutional 
relationships and branch network and believes that its asset quality is strong, as evidenced by its relatively low 
impaired Islamic financing ratio, amounting to 0.9 per cent. as at 31 December 2021 compared to an estimated 
average of 2.0 per cent. for Kuwaiti banks over the same period.  
As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s liquid assets ratio was 22.0 per cent. compared to 22.2 per cent. as at 31 
December 2020. Since the NBK Group’s acquisition of a minority shareholding in 2009 and its subsequent 
further acquisition of a majority shareholding in 2012, the Group has maintained a conservative financial profile 
and had KD 150 million Tier 1 Sukuk and KD 485 million medium term financing outstanding for the year 
ended 31 December 2021 (see “Selected Financial Information”). This has enabled the Group to generate cash 
flow that it has utilised to maintain its strategy. The Group will focus on improving its position in its domestic 
market while strengthening its existing international presence. 
The Group’s net cash used in operating activities was KD 45.7 million and KD 7.6 million for the year ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, respectively. The Group’s net cash generated from operating 
activities was KD 327.6 million for the year ended 31 December 2019. The Group had KD 766.0 million, KD 
587.2 million and KD 509.7 million in cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December 2021, 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
Increasingly diversified customer base 
Since 2009, the Group has had an increasingly diversified customer base. As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s 
consumer banking customers represented 59.4 per cent. of its depositors’ accounts compared to 54.7 per cent. 
and 53.8 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Group’s corporate banking customers represented 15.3 per cent. of its total depositors’ accounts compared to 
22.5 per cent. and 8.4 per cent. of its total depositors’ accounts as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, 
respectively. The Group’s top 10 largest depositors constituted approximately 31.0 per cent. of the Group’s total 
funding from deposits as at 31 December 2021. In addition, as discussed under “– Strategy – Building a leading 
Islamic finance franchise”, the Group is focusing on high net worth and affluent clients and large and medium 
to large corporate customers, thereby leveraging many of the Group’s core strengths as well as focusing on 
high-quality growth. By focusing on high net worth and affluent clients and large and medium to large corporate

--- Page 167 ---
153 
 
customers, the Group’s customer base has changed and diversified, resulting in a higher concentration of these 
clients and greater diversification within the Group’s customer base. For the period from 2016 to 2021, the 
concentration of the Group’s affluent customers (which included platinum customers (consisting of customers 
with salaries above KD 2,000 per month or a total balance of KD 30,000 or more) in any Group fixed deposit 
or investment fund) increased by 41 per cent. 
A strong domestic network 
The Group has one of the fastest-growing branch networks in Kuwait and has successfully adapted its branch 
network to cater for the specific needs of its various customer segments in an efficient and timely manner. 
Within the MENA region, the Group operates 45 branches in Kuwait, whilst, in support of its domestic network, 
the Bank has a subsidiary in the UK (see also “– Subsidiaries and Associates” and “– Reporting segments – 
Consumer banking reporting segment – Distribution channels” for a description of the Group’s distribution 
network). The Group has also achieved one of the highest levels of retail customer satisfaction among Kuwaiti 
banks (see “– Reporting segments – Consumer banking reporting segment”) and believes that its current, 
demand and savings accounts are diversified and stable in nature, and constitute a stable and secure source of 
low-cost funding. 
In Kuwait, the Bank’s subsidiaries are Boubyan Takaful Insurance Company K.S.C. (Closed) (“Boubyan 
Takaful”) and Boubyan Capital in which the Bank has a 79.49 per cent. and a 100.00 per cent. shareholding, 
respectively, as at 31 December 2021 (see “– Subsidiaries and Associates”). Boubyan Takaful provides takaful 
insurance products for retail and institutional clients across various sub-sectors such as auto, healthcare and life 
insurance. Boubyan Capital is the investment management arm of the Bank and provides asset management 
and brokerage services to the Group’s clients in addition to managing the Group’s investments around the 
world. 
Stable shareholder base and strong management team 
The Bank believes that it has a strong and stable Board of Directors and a long-serving executive team with a 
strong track record in Kuwait. Further details of the Bank’s management are set out under “–Management and 
employees – Management”. The Bank also believes that it has a strong shareholder base, with the NBK Group 
owning approximately 59.9 per cent. of its shares as at 31 December 2021, see “– Capital Structure and 
Shareholders”. 
High investment grade credit ratings and among the top brand values regionally 
The Bank has one of the highest credit ratings in the MENA region and internationally, with a stable outlook 
long-term deposit rating of “A3” from Moody’s, which was affirmed on 7 December 2021, a long-term deposit 
rating of “A” with a stable outlook from Fitch (which was downgraded on 7 February 2022 from “A+” with a 
negative outlook), and a long-term issuer credit rating of A- from Standard & Poor’s (which was affirmed on 
11 February 2022 with a revised outlook from stable to positive). In addition, the Boubyan brand is well 
recognised domestically. The Bank has been recognised by Global Finance and, in 2020, was named “Best 
Islamic Digital Bank – Global” for the sixth year in a row and was also recognised by The Banker in 2020 as 
“Best Islamic Bank of the Year” for Kuwait. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND SHAREHOLDERS 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank’s share capital comprised 3,179,697,604 authorised, issued and fully paid 
ordinary shares of 100 fils each in cash, and bonus shares, giving it a share capital of KD 318.0 million. 
As at the date of this Prospectus, there is an ongoing dispute between the CBOK and TID over the ownership 
of a 9.7 per cent. holding in the Bank. However, management of the Bank does not believe that this dispute has 
any implications for the Bank’s business.

--- Page 168 ---
154 
 
The Bank believes that it benefits from a strong shareholder base, with the NBK Group still controlling the 
majority of its share capital. As at 31 December 2021, the following shareholders had holdings in excess of 5 
per cent. of the Bank’s share capital: 
Percentage 
of shares*
Number of
ordinary
shares
(%) 
(in million) 
Shareholders 
National Bank of Kuwait S.A.K. and Group (NBK Banque Privée Suisse 
S.A. and NBK Kuwait Equity Fund) ............................................................ 
59.881
1,904,041,534
The Commercial Bank of Kuwait S.A.K. .................................................... 
9.731
309,402,621
 
Note: 
 
* 
Calculated as number of shares held divided by the paid-up share capital. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE OF THE GROUP 
The chart below illustrates the current organisational structure of the Group which was approved by the Board 
on 7 December 2021:

--- Page 169 ---
155 
 
REPORTING SEGMENTS 
The Group currently operates through five segments for financial reporting purposes: 
• 
consumer banking, which provides a diversified range of products and services to individuals and 
institutional customers, including consumer finance, credit cards, deposits and other branch-related 
services; 
• 
corporate banking, which provides a comprehensive product and service offering to business and 
corporate customers, including murabaha, ijarah, trade service and other related services; 
• 
investment banking and international operations, which oversees direct investments, investments in 
associates, local and international real estate investment(s), and asset and wealth management services; 
• 
treasury, which provides local and international murabaha and other Islamic financing services to its 
clients, primarily banks, and is also responsible for the management of the Group’s funding operations; 
and 
• 
group centre, which provides other defined group activities and residual activities in respect of transfer 
pricing and inter-segment allocations. 
The table below is derived from Note 29 (Segment Reporting) to the 2021 Financial Statements and shows 
certain financial information in relation to each reporting segment for each of 2021 and 2020. 
Consumer 
banking
Corporate
banking
Investment 
banking and
international 
operations
Treasury
Group
centre
Total
(KD ’000) 
2021 
Net financing income .......................................... 
91,038
46,457
9,566
6,261
4,185
157,507
Operating income ................................................ 
99,707
52,838
28,054
10,924
-3,742
187,781
Net profit/(loss) for the year ................................ 
59,071
47,727
-2,776
10,221
-66,288
47,955
Total assets ......................................................... 
2,401,709
3,193,247
806,299
863,164
87,480
7,351,899
Total liabilities ................................................... 
3,388,869
375,111
776,769
1,721,360
339,718
6,601,827
2020 
Net financing income/(loss)  ............................... 
78,488
41,967
6,344
5,322
6,768
138,889
Operating income/(loss) ...................................... 
84,194
46,377
17,898
10,480
8,533
167,482
Net profit/(loss) for the year ................................ 
49,783
51,898
798
9,830
-78,762
33,547
Total assets ......................................................... 
1,883,992
2,981,778
845,877
660,504
64,998
6,437,149
Total liabilities ................................................... 
2,792,244
581,432
705,176
1,431,374
300,193
5,810,419
Consumer banking reporting segment 
The Group’s consumer banking reporting segment constitutes: (i) consumer banking; and (ii) private banking. 
Consumer banking 
The Group offers a wide range of consumer banking products and related services in Kuwait through its 
integrated distribution network, comprising branches, ATMs and other remote digital banking platforms. In 
addition, the Group provides the following services to customers: 
• 
dedicated offices and relationship managers for affluent and platinum segment customers;

--- Page 170 ---
156 
 
• 
a wide variety of products including a range of consumer financings (such as auto finance, health finance, 
education finance, boat and marine equipment finance and construction finance), deposits, debit and 
credit cards and investment management services; and 
• 
a Central Sales division comprising the Group’s Auto and Direct Sales Force dedicated to providing 
products and services remotely. 
The Group intends to increase its customer base (by developing segment-specific products and introducing 
liability products with attractive features such as drawdown flexibility) including the younger generation and 
mass affluent, as well as professional business owners. The Group has also introduced various unique services 
that enable customers to withdraw cash from the Group’s ATMs using their civil ID without the need to use an 
ATM card, and has launched “near field communication” enabled credit cards and a new iWatch App for Apple 
Watch, which makes it easier for customers to review and manage their bank accounts. As at 31 December 
2021, more than 96 per cent. of the Group’s customers in Kuwait were Kuwaiti nationals.  
In addition, the Group intends to focus on customer service in its consumer banking business as a key 
differentiator and intends to improve its service levels through improving the quality of its sales force and 
launching a relationship manager activity dashboard (see “– Strategy – Building a leading Islamic finance 
franchise”). The Group semi-annually measures and monitors its overall customer satisfaction as well as 
customer satisfaction with specific products and services offered. The Group achieved one of the highest levels 
of customer satisfaction among Kuwaiti banks, amounting to 95 per cent. and a net promoter score of 68 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2021. The Group aims to maintain a 90+ customer satisfaction index score. The Group 
has implemented proactive customer reward and loyalty programmes and has increased its operational 
efficiency through the enhancement of its technology platform and by repositioning its alternative delivery 
channels as attractive, user-friendly and reliable alternatives to branch banking (see “– Distribution channels”). 
In contrast to other local Islamic banks which have historically focused on their Islamic brand identity, the 
Group has focused its consumer banking brand on its customer service and excellence. The Group’s target 
market is young, affluent Kuwaitis and in order to increase its market share of such customers, the Group has 
sought to sponsor artisan coffee festivals and soccer tournaments in place of traditional sponsorships. In addition 
to this, the Group has developed a strong presence on university campuses and within high-end farmer’s 
markets. 
In order to continue attracting young, affluent Kuwaiti customers and differentiate itself from competitors, the 
Group has embarked on its “Digital Transformation” strategy to become a “Fintech-ready” organisation open 
to accepting application programming interfaces (APIs), and partnerships with potential start-ups and new 
market participants looking to innovate products and services. This is a key milestone in the Bank’s digital 
journey allowing the Bank to focus on innovation and partnerships with Fintech organisations. As part of this 
strategy, the Bank has also established its Digital Innovation Centre allowing it to explore and adapt to the 
changing digital demands of its customers by providing innovative products and services. For instance, in 2019, 
the Digital Innovation Centre unveiled its redeveloped and redesigned mobile app. By adopting an agile 
methodology, the Bank has been able to deliver a number of “first in Kuwait” products for its customers 
including: 
• 
the first digital, virtual credit card with near field communication (NFC) payment capabilities for 
Android phone users, providing a fully digital experience for customers from application to activation 
in less than one minute; 
• 
the first digital end-to-end requests for credit cards, allowing customers to issue new credit cards via the 
mobile banking app and receive the physical credit cards through ATMs and interactive teller machines

--- Page 171 ---
157 
 
(ITMs) at a time of their convenience, removing the traditional restrictions of branch locations and 
operating hours; 
• 
the first vertical metal credit card with contactless capabilities, issued for the Bank’s 15th anniversary 
and representing the evolution in card design and functionality in Kuwait; 
• 
the extension of Kuwait’s first chatbot “Msa3ed”, first launched in 2018, to the WhatsApp mobile 
application, allowing for quick customer enquiries and a call back feature linked to the Bank’s main call 
centre; and 
• 
the unveiling of “PRIME”, the first youth-specific mobile banking app in Kuwait, building loyalty with 
the youth demographic through digitisation of the Bank’s services. 
In addition to this, the Bank continues to invest in implementing robotic process automation (RPM) and 
business process management (BPM) technology to increase efficiency and develop “Fintech-ready” 
information systems and capabilities. 
Private banking 
The Group has offered tailored products and services to its private banking clients since 2004. These services 
are customised to fit each client’s risk tolerance and financial needs. The Group’s private banking services 
include fixed-income and money market products and investment funds designed to preserve customers’ capital 
without restricting capital growth. 
The Group aims to establish strong relationships with its personal banking clients based on professional 
expertise, integrity, confidentiality and trustworthiness. Within the private banking business, the Group intends 
to continue to grow at a consistent pace by focusing on key objectives including: 
• 
new client acquisition: over the five years to 31 December 2021, the number of the Group’s private 
banking clients has grown at a CAGR of 84 per cent., or 1,244 customers; and 
• 
increasing its volume of business with existing clients: over the five years to 31 December 2021, the 
Group’s assets under management have grown at a CAGR of 34.74 per cent. 
Distribution channels 
The Group’s principal distribution channels in Kuwait, for consumer banking and private banking, comprise: 
• 
Branch network: The Group has one of the fastest-growing branch networks in Kuwait, with 45 branches 
across the country (which include women-only sections), and a large ATM and customer deposit-
machine network, with 304 ATMs. The Group has adapted its branch network based on customer 
segments and operates a 24/7 self-service automated facility at its major branches where customers can 
conduct a range of banking services, such as cash deposits and withdrawals, balance enquiries and 
statement printing, ordering of cheque books and internet and telebanking access. In addition, the Group 
operates a 24-hour service branch at Kuwait Airport. 
• 
Telebanking: The Group introduced automated banking by telephone to its customers and opened its call 
centre in 2006. This call centre, which has been operated on a 24/7 basis since it was introduced, can be 
used by customers to conduct a variety of transactions, including reporting lost or stolen cards, 
performing account transfers and bill payments and making enquiries and complaints. The Group has 
recently extended this distribution channel to also serve as a telemarketing tool through which the Group 
sells products to customers directly or refers them to their channel of choice. In 2021, the Group’s call 
centre handled approximately 1.5 million inbound and outbound calls.

--- Page 172 ---
158 
 
• 
Mobile banking: Since 2010, the Group has introduced market-leading functionalities for mobile 
banking and ATMs and the Group’s customers have been able to use mobile banking services that 
provide regular account updates and also SMS alerts to registered mobile phone users and through which 
they can conduct a large range of banking services, such as balance enquiries, bill payments, funds 
transfers, and statement and cheque book requests. Several new features, such as cardless withdrawals, 
instant deposits, and a unique fingerprint log-in feature have been introduced. The Group had 
approximately 360,000 registered mobile banking subscribers as at 31 December 2021 with 
approximately 39 million transactions executed in 2021. 
• 
Direct sales force: The Group has one of the largest direct sales forces in Kuwait, including sales staff 
at car dealerships and sales staff located at key government ministries and strategic corporate clients. It 
has also expanded its direct sales forces to focus on attracting persons entering employment by offering 
competitive products and focusing on customer service. 
• 
Digital: As part of its continuous investment in distribution channels and in an effort to maximise 
convenience and ease of access for customers by providing all core branch services to customers 
remotely, the Group has implemented its “Digital Transformation” strategy and continues to evaluate 
opportunities for the automation of services and fulfilment processes and the migration of “front-end” 
activity to digital channels. 
• 
Bespoke private banking services at select branches: The Group offers comprehensive financial 
solutions and customised private banking services at the Group’s private banking branch in Mubarakiya 
and at any of its other branches in Kuwait. The Group seeks to maintain a high level of service quality 
through extensive and diverse training programmes and careful recruitment of its private banking 
employees. The Group aims to establish long-term relationships with its private banking clients. 
Products and services 
The Group offers its consumer banking and private banking customers a wide range of banking services, 
including: 
• 
Deposits: The Group has a complete range of deposit products, including current, savings and time 
deposit accounts. In addition, it offers specific deposit products to encourage savings among retail 
customers. The Group also offers flexible deposits allowing customers to increase or to partially 
drawdown from an existing deposit. The Group’s flexible deposit products are popular with the Group’s 
affluent customers. 
• 
Financings and credit cards: The Group’s financing products include consumer and instalment 
financings with payment terms extending up to five years and 15 years, respectively. The Group also 
provides one of the widest premium ranges of Visa and MasterCard credit and debit cards in Kuwait. 
The Group’s cards are aimed at different customer segments based on income and offer a range of 
benefits that vary based on the card type. Applications for financings and credit cards can be made 
through the Group’s branch network, direct sales, telebanking or through the internet. Consistent with 
its credit risk management strategy, the Group prioritises attracting financing and credit card customers 
with good credit standing and salary transfers. Financing and credit card applicants are screened and 
credit limits are assessed according to the Group’s credit policy based on demographic and financial 
factors and the past credit behaviour of the customer in question, while ensuring strict adherence to 
relevant CBK regulations. 
The Group uses local and international merchant relationships, promotions, a credit card reward 
programme and other incentives in order to increase card usage and expenditure levels and to increase

--- Page 173 ---
159 
 
customer loyalty and retention. The Group’s credit card provides customers with access to airport 
lounges. 
• 
Other services: The Group’s principal deposit and financing products are complemented by a range of 
more general consumer banking services, including bill payments, remittances, foreign exchange, safe 
deposit boxes and share custody, electronic funds transfer and online trading. In addition, the Group’s 
consumer banking customers have access to a suite of investment products which are managed by 
Boubyan Capital. See “– Investment banking and international operations reporting segment – 
Investment banking”. 
Corporate banking reporting segment 
The Group offers its corporate clients a range of commercial banking products and services, including ijarah 
finance, murabaha financings, Shari’a-compliant overdraft structures, trade finance products (letters of credit 
and guarantees), supply chain finance (factoring), online corporate cash management services, and a range of 
current and deposit accounts. Additionally, the corporate banking reporting segment works with other business 
units within the Group, such as the Bank’s treasury department and Boubyan Capital, to offer other services 
including foreign exchange, hedging products and corporate finance and advisory services. 
The Group’s corporate internet banking tool is known as “Corporate Online Banking”. As at 31 December 
2021, the Group had 492 active corporate online banking customers who generated approximately 53,520 
transactions in 2021 for a total volume of approximately KD 877.8 million. The Group offers its clients products 
across services, and customer experience. The Group also receives cross-referrals from the NBK Group when 
opportunities arise. 
The Group’s corporate banking reporting segment comprises: 
The domestic corporate banking group 
The domestic corporate banking group caters to major Kuwaiti companies and operates on a sector focus basis. 
Accordingly, the domestic corporate banking group is organised around units of principally: 
• 
large contracting, manufacturing (including in the food and drink, ship building, steel and metal 
fabrication, cement and clothing sectors), and oil and energy companies; 
• 
large trading and services companies, including telecommunications, education, transport and logistics, 
healthcare and retail services; 
• 
corporate real estate, development and construction (including building materials) companies; 
• 
individual real estate investors; and 
• 
structured financing companies, financial institutions and correspondent banking. 
The Trade Finance Department 
The Trade Finance Department uses its extensive knowledge of international trade to help corporate clients 
enhance their global competitiveness and reduce risk. The Trade Finance Department offers the Group’s 
customers a wide range of services, including: 
• 
letters of credit, including both inward and outward back-to-back, transferable, deferred payment, 
standby and revolving letters of credit; 
• 
letters of guarantee, including bid bonds, performance, advance payment, retention, suppliers’ credit and 
contract guarantees; 
• 
collections settled;

--- Page 174 ---
160 
 
• 
financing under letters of credit; and 
• 
Islamic trade financing for import payables. 
Investment banking and international operations reporting segment 
Investment banking 
The Group’s proprietary and fiduciary investment activities comprise the main activities of Boubyan Capital. 
Boubyan Capital offers high quality, tailored investment products and services to its clients, and focuses on 
three primary lines of business: 
• 
principal investments, where it manages more than U.S.$65.6 million in private and public equity funds, 
seeking mid-market growth and proactive value-creation across a variety of industry sectors; 
• 
direct real estate, where it manages more than U.S.$66.6 million in real estate assets; and 
• 
asset management, where it has U.S.$2 billion in assets under management in regional and international 
funds across various asset classes and managed portfolios. 
During the period from 2014 to 2021, Boubyan Capital launched various investment products, including: 
• 
Boubyan KD Money Market Fund (II), which invests in deposits, short- and medium-term money 
markets instruments and Sukuk; 
• 
Boubyan Kuwait Real Estate Fund, which invests in income-generating properties in Kuwait; 
• 
Boubyan USD Liquidity Fund, which invests in USD-denominated instruments; 
• 
Boubyan Multi Asset Holding Fund, which invests in other Islamic investments funds; 
• 
Islamic Global Sukuk Fund, which invests in Sukuk across the globe; 
• 
Local and GCC Equity Fund, which invests in local and regional listed equity; 
• 
Islamic Global Income Generating Fund, which invests in local real estate and leasing products; and 
• 
International Real Estate Funds. 
In 2019, Boubyan Capital also launched its brokerage services, offering clients access to local, regional and 
international capital markets through an online trading platform. 
In 2021, Boubyan Capital launched its own program of Islamic leasing and financing funds (Ijara) which 
comprises of a series of funds investing in equipment leasing in the U.S. 
The launch of the above products and services continues to contribute to an increase in the Group’s portfolio of 
managed assets during the period from 2014 to 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021, 42 professionals work within Boubyan Capital. 
International operations 
International operations include the activities of the Group’s overseas subsidiaries and in particular the Group’s 
subsidiary BLME as of 31 December 2021 (see further “– Subsidiaries and Associates”). 
Treasury reporting segment 
The Group’s treasury reporting segment manages the Group’s assets and liabilities and liquidity requirements 
under the supervision of the Assets and Liabilities Management Committee (“ALCO”), which meets at least 
monthly to monitor and review all aspects of the Group’s liquidity profile, asset and liability structure and

--- Page 175 ---
161 
 
internal and statutory ratio requirements. Cash flow requirements as well as foreign exchange activities are also 
under the supervision of the Group’s treasury reporting segment together with asset and liability management, 
including liquidity management, in co-ordination with the Risk Management function. 
In addition, the Group’s treasury reporting segment: 
• 
manages the money market books and money market funding positions for the Group’s own account to 
fund its domestic and international foreign-currency assets; 
• 
undertakes a wide range of foreign exchange business, across both spot and forward markets, largely on 
behalf of the Group’s customer base; and 
• 
maintains a portfolio of high-quality assets (being rated in accordance with CBK requirements) to meet 
relevant CBK requirements and to manage surplus liquidity. 
Group centre reporting segment 
The Group centre reporting segment comprises the operating expenses of all other activities of the Group and 
the residual transfer pricing income and expenses in the central funding unit, as well as other allocations 
between segments. 
SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES 
The following tables set out details of each subsidiary and associated company of the Bank as at 31 December 
2021 and 31 December 2020: 
Subsidiaries 
2021
2020
Name of subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
Equity
interest
Equity
interest
(%) 
Boubyan Takaful Insurance Company 
K.S.C. (Closed) 
Kuwait 
79.49
79.49
Boubyan Capital Investment Company 
K.S.C. (Closed) 
Kuwait 
100.00
100.00
BLME Holdings Plc 
United Kingdom 
71.08
71.08
 
Associate companies 
2021
2020
Name of subsidiary 
Country of incorporation 
Equity
interest
Equity
interest
(%) 
United Capital Bank 
Republic of Sudan 
21.67
21.67
Saudi Projects Holding Group 
Kuwait 
25.02
25.02

--- Page 176 ---
162 
 
Subsidiaries 
The purchase method of accounting, which generally requires assets acquired and liabilities assumed to be 
measured at their fair values at the acquisition date, is used to account for the acquisition of subsidiaries by the 
Bank. 
BLME 
BLME’s principal activity is to act as a holding company for Bank of London and the Middle East plc and its 
subsidiaries. Bank of London and the Middle East plc was established in 2006 in the UK as an independent 
wholesale bank engaged in investment, commercial finance, private client banking and wealth management. 
The Bank acquired a 100.0 per cent. shareholding in BLME in 2006, which decreased to 25.62 per cent. in 2013 
and increased to 27.91 per cent. in 2019. As at 31 December 2021, following the Bank’s successful increase in 
shareholding, the Bank had a 71.08 per cent. shareholding in BLME which had paid-up capital of KD 20.4 
million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, BLME’s total revenue was KD 17.0 million and it generated a 
net loss of KD 4.5 million. For the year ended 31 December 2020, BLME’s total revenue was KD 13.7 million 
and it generated a net profit of KD 1.8 million. 
Boubyan Takaful Insurance Company K.S.C. (Closed) 
Boubyan Takaful was established on 29 May 2006 in Kuwait to provide takaful insurance services. The Bank 
acquired a 56.41 per cent. shareholding in 2006, which increased to 67.63 per cent. in 2012. As at 31 December 
2021, the Bank had a 79.49 per cent. shareholding in Boubyan Takaful and Boubyan Takaful had paid-up capital 
of KD 17.1 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, Boubyan Takaful’s total revenue was KD 0.4 million 
and it made a profit of KD 0.3 million, which represented 0.2 per cent. and 0.6 per cent. of the Group’s revenue 
and profit, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2020, Boubyan Takaful’s total revenue was KD 0.4 
million and it made a profit of KD 0.3 million. 
Boubyan Capital Investment Company K.S.C. (Closed) 
Boubyan Capital was established in 2007 in Kuwait to provide investment management services. As at 31 
December 2021, the Bank had a 100.00 per cent. shareholding in Boubyan Capital and Boubyan Capital had 
paid-up capital of KD 30.7 million. For the year ended 31 December 2021, Boubyan Capital’s total revenue 
was KD 13.2 million and it made a profit of KD 5.1 million, which represented 6.8 per cent. and 9.5 per cent. 
of the Group’s revenue and profit, respectively. For the year ended 31 December 2020, Boubyan Capital’s total 
revenue was KD 6.3 million and it made a profit of KD 2.9 million. 
Associate Companies 
Investments in associates are initially recognised at cost and subsequently accounted for using the equity 
method of accounting in the Group’s financial statements. 
United Capital Bank 
United Capital Bank was established in 2006 in the Republic of Sudan to provide Islamic investment and 
corporate banking services. The Bank acquired a 2.92 per cent. shareholding on 18 May 2010, which increased 
to 21.67 per cent. in 2010. As at 31 December 2021, the Bank had a 21.67 per cent. shareholding in United 
Capital Bank and United Capital Bank had paid-up capital of KD 0.2 million. 
Saudi Projects Holding Group 
Saudi Projects Holding Group (“SPHG”) was established in 2008 in Kuwait to provide real estate development 
and management services. The Bank acquired a 20.0 per cent. shareholding in 2011, which increased to 25.0 
per cent. in 2013. As at 31 December 2021, the Bank had a 25.02 per cent. shareholding in SPHG and SPHG 
had paid-up capital of KD 10.0 million.

--- Page 177 ---
163 
 
COMPETITION IN KUWAIT 
The Group is the third-largest banking group in Kuwait in terms of total assets, customer deposits and customer 
financings and advances according to financial statements for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 
published by Kuwaiti banks. 
The Kuwaiti banking sector (excluding foreign banks that operate in Kuwait) comprises five banks operating 
according to the requirements of Islamic Shari’a (Kuwait Finance House (K.S.C.), Warba Bank (K.S.C.), the 
Bank, Kuwait International Bank (K.S.C.P.) and Ahli United Bank (K.S.C.P.)). In addition, there are five banks 
with conventional banking licences and one bank with a specialised banking licence operating in Kuwait. 
The tables below show rankings for the 10 largest Kuwaiti banks by total assets, by customer deposits and by 
financing assets as at 30 September 2021 and 31 December 2020: 
30
September 
2021
31 December 
2020
(KD ’000) 
Ranking by total assets(1) 
National Bank of Kuwait (S.A.K.P.) ............................................................ 
25,196,360
23,280,241
Kuwait Finance House (K.S.C.) ................................................................... 
21,971,331
21,502,314
The Group ................................................................................................... 
7,311,419
6,437,150
Burgan Bank (K.P.S.C.) ............................................................................... 
6,964,768
7,106,084
Gulf Bank (K.S.C.P.) .................................................................................... 
6,329,599
6,112,708
Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait (K.S.C.P.) .............................................................. 
5,227,301
4,852,739
Ahli United Bank (K.S.C.P.) ........................................................................ 
4,479,807
4,369,998
Commercial Bank of Kuwait (K.P.S.C.) ...................................................... 
4,195,848
4,388,757
Warba Bank (K.S.C.) ................................................................................... 
3,589,833
3,475,254
Kuwait International Bank (K.S.C.P.) .......................................................... 
2,876,170
2,801,595
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Total assets are based on consolidated figures. 
 
Source: financial statements for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021 and 31 December 2020 annual financial statements for 
each bank (in the case of the National Bank of Kuwait, excluding the Group). 
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s total assets represented 18.2 per cent. of the total assets of the Kuwaiti 
Islamic banking sector (excluding foreign banks).  
30
September 
2021  
31 December 
2020
(KD ’000) 
Ranking by customer deposits(1)

--- Page 178 ---
164 
 
30
September 
2021  
31 December 
2020
(KD ’000) 
Kuwait Finance House (K.S.C.) ................................................................... 
16,009,407
15,317,335
National Bank of Kuwait (S.A.K.P.) ............................................................ 
11,915,831
11,996,504
The Group ................................................................................................... 
5,449,242
5,107,728
Burgan Bank (K.P.S.C.) ............................................................................... 
4,346,532
4,091,383
Gulf Bank (K.S.C.P.) .................................................................................... 
4,154,199
4,033,719
Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait (K.S.C.P.) .............................................................. 
3,776,187
3,485,545
Ahli United Bank (K.S.C.P.) ........................................................................ 
3,130,868
3,008,222
Warba Bank (K.S.C.) ................................................................................... 
2,432,325
2,353,454
Commercial Bank of Kuwait (K.P.S.C.) ...................................................... 
2,070,328
2,368,873
Kuwait International Bank (K.S.C.P.) .......................................................... 
1,884,498
1,644,803
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Customer deposits are based on consolidated figures and referred to within the published financial statements of the 
above-listed banks as “depositors’ accounts”, “customers deposits” and “deposits from customers”. 
 
Source: financial statements for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021 and 31 December 2020 annual financial statements for 
each bank (in the case of the National Bank of Kuwait, excluding the Group). 
As at 30 September 2021, the Group’s customer deposits represented 18.9 per cent. of the total customer 
deposits of the Kuwaiti Islamic banking sector (excluding foreign banks). 
30
September 
2021  
31 December 
2020
(KD ’000) 
Ranking by customer financings and advances(1) 
National Bank of Kuwait (S.A.K.P.) ............................................................ 
13,647,455
12,681,076
Kuwait Finance House (K.S.C.) ................................................................... 
11,344,740
10,747,536
The Group ................................................................................................... 
5,312,621
4,823,266
Gulf Bank (K.S.C.P.) .................................................................................... 
4,422,071
4,116,537
Burgan Bank (K.P.S.C.) ............................................................................... 
4,349,490
4,345,058
Ahli United Bank (K.S.C.P.)(2) ..................................................................... 
3,257,428
3,113,685
Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait (K.S.C.P.) .............................................................. 
3,205,671
3,117,095
Warba Bank (K.S.C.) ................................................................................... 
2,463,441
2,497,366
Commercial Bank of Kuwait (K.P.S.C.) ...................................................... 
2,249,442
2,279,057
Kuwait International Bank (K.S.C.P.) .......................................................... 
2,091,199
1,979,004

--- Page 179 ---
165 
 
 
Note: 
 
(1) 
Customer loans and advances are based on consolidated figures and referred to within the published financial 
statements of the above-listed banks as “loans and advances”, “loans and advances to customers”, “financing 
receivables”, “Islamic financing to customers” and “Loans, advances and Islamic financing to customers”. 
 
Source: financial statements for the nine-month period ended 30 September 2021 and 31 December 2020 annual financial statements for 
each bank (in the case of the National Bank of Kuwait, excluding the Group). 
As at 31 September 2021, the Group’s customer financings and advances represented approximately 21.7 per 
cent. of the total customer financings and advances of the Kuwaiti Islamic banking sector.  
The Group’s current competitive strategy is to focus on growing its market share and building a leading 
franchise in its domestic market and to attract new customers through the products and services which it offers. 
See “– Strategy – Building a leading Islamic finance franchise”. 
The Islamic banking sector in Kuwait is attracting a growing customer base. Regulatory restrictions relating to 
interest rates and ratios for personal financings typically favour Islamic banks over conventional banks. In 
particular, whereas the interest rates that can be charged by conventional banks are capped, the Islamic banks 
in Kuwait are able to earn better margins than conventional banks on their financing portfolios, as the CBK 
permits Islamic banks to charge higher margins to compensate for the fixed nature of profit on financings. The 
Group’s strategy is to differentiate itself by focusing on high net worth, youth and affluent clients and large and 
medium to large corporate customers, thereby leveraging many of the Group’s core strengths. See “– Strategy 
– Corporate banking – Monitoring selected growth opportunities”. 
INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 
To ensure that the Group’s IT continues to meet changing business requirements, the Group’s IT strategy is 
structured to optimise people, process and technology (each as discussed further below), with the main focus 
on governance, organisation, quality, applications portfolios and technology infrastructure. 
People 
The Group aims to recruit and retain talented and competent IT staff to manage its technology assets and deliver 
change. In addition, a focus on training and succession planning aims to establish clear career paths for IT staff. 
However, the Group may consider alternative forms of resourcing in the future, including managed services 
and selective outsourcing, to allow the IT function to contain costs and better source growing needs in end user 
support, network management, mainframe management, tooling, project operations support, service desk and 
the network operations centre. 
Process 
The Bank believes that process and automation are becoming more aligned, which will reduce manual 
intervention and enhance workflow. As part of its service improvement programme, change request processes, 
system development lifecycle, IT service management, IT vendor management, project management and risk 
and audit management are all within the IT realm of continuous improvement. The system and service tools 
adopted will help to monitor versions, highlight end-of-life technologies and help stabilise systems to ensure 
production deficiencies and incidents are kept to a minimum. The Group has recently implemented projects to 
enhance stability and customer experience, as well as the stability and availability of its customer interfacing 
services.

--- Page 180 ---
166 
 
Technology 
The Group focuses on stability and increased availability to ensure that its customers are able to access online 
channels and systems when needed, including online banking, mobile banking, ATMs and branch systems. As 
a result, the Group has focused on foundation technologies such as networks (microwave and multi-protocol 
label switching) upgrades and enhanced tiered storage. The Group’s disaster recovery site ensures the efficient 
cut-over between its data centres to achieve the business operations continuity requirement. The Group also 
aims to adopt enhanced metrics where both infrastructure and business applications can be fine-tuned with 
performance-monitoring tools. All Group businesses have measurable service level agreements which will be 
used to benchmark key performance indicators with a view to further continuous improvements. 
Data security 
The Group has an IT operations centre and a disaster recovery site located at Ossama Tower that can be activated 
when required. This is to ensure that all critical systems are fully operational in line with the Group’s 
information technology disaster recovery and business continuity plan, in order to provide essential services to 
its customers. The Group carries out daily and other periodic data back-ups which are stored in the main data 
centre and replicated online (in real time) to the disaster recovery centre. 
Additionally, the Group provides periodic tape back-ups of all critical systems and data to an international 
location (which is in London) in compliance with CBK instructions. The Group’s information security office 
carries out various security assessments using external agencies and has adopted the latest technologies to assist 
in mitigating cyber threats. Whilst the Group has experienced cyber threats, the controls and incident response 
procedures in place have minimised any adverse impact on the service provided by the Group.

--- Page 181 ---
167 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
INTRODUCTION 
Risk, including credit risk, liquidity risk, market risk and operational risk, is inherent in the Group’s activities. 
The complexity in the Group’s business operations and diversity of geographical locations require the 
identification, measurement, aggregation and effective management of risks and efficient allocation of capital 
towards achieving an optimal balance between risk and return. 
The Group seeks to manage its risks in a structured, systematic manner through a global risk policy, which 
embeds comprehensive risk management into the organisational structure, risk measurement and monitoring 
processes. The overall risk management direction and oversight are provided by the Board with the support of 
the Board Risk Management and Compliance Committee (the “BRCC”) and the Board Audit Committee (the 
“BAC”). The Group’s risk management function, compliance function and internal audit function assist 
executive management in controlling and actively managing the Group’s overall risk profile. 
The key features of the Group’s comprehensive risk management policy are: 
• 
the Board provides overall risk management direction and oversight; 
• 
the Group’s risk appetite is proposed by the Management Executive Committee (the “MEC”) and is 
reviewed and recommended by the Board of Risk and Compliance Committee (“BRCC”) to the Board 
for approval; 
• 
risk management is embedded in the Group as an intrinsic process and is a core competency of all its 
employees; 
• 
the Group manages its credit, market, operational and liquidity risks in a co-ordinated manner within the 
organisation; and 
• 
the Group’s internal audit function reports to the BAC and provides independent validation of the 
business units’ compliance with risk policies and procedures and the adequacy and effectiveness of the 
risk management framework on a Group-wide basis. 
GROUP RISK MANAGEMENT AND COMPLIANCE FUNCTIONS 
The Group’s risk management function, which is headed by the Group’s Chief Risk Officer (“CRO”), reports 
directly to the BRCC and assists the executive management in controlling and actively managing the Group’s 
overall risk. The risk management function also ensures that: 
• 
the Group’s overall strategy is consistent with the risk appetite approved by the Board; 
• 
the Group’s risk policies, procedures and methodologies are consistent with the risk appetite approved 
by the Board; 
• 
appropriate risk management architecture and systems are developed and implemented; and 
• 
risks and portfolio limits are monitored throughout the Group. 
The Group’s compliance function is responsible for ensuring that the Group adheres to all applicable rules and 
regulations issued by regulators, including the CBK, the Capital Markets Authority (“CMA”), the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (“PRA”) and other applicable regulatory authorities.

--- Page 182 ---
168 
 
The Board is responsible for setting the Group’s risk appetite and strategy, approving the Group’s risk 
management framework, policies and procedures and monitoring salient risks. 
The Group’s risk management function comprises the following divisions and departments: 
• 
The Corporate Credit Risk & Portfolio Analysis Division: 
• 
the corporate credit risk review department 
• 
the corporate credit and portfolio analysis department 
• 
The Non-Financial Risk Division: 
• 
the operational risk and fraud oversight department 
• 
the technology risk management department 
• 
the business continuity and sustainability department 
• 
The Information Security Division: 
• 
the security governance department 
• 
the security architecture department 
• 
the security assessment and compliance department 
• 
the security infrastructure department 
• 
the security operations department 
• 
The Risk Reporting & Consumer Credit Portfolio Analysis Division: 
• 
the risk MIS reporting department 
• 
the consumer credit portfolio analysis department 
• 
The Asset Liability Management and Market Risk Division: 
• 
the treasury middle office department 
• 
the market risk department 
For further information, see “Management and Employees – Management – Board committees – Board Risk 
Management and Compliance Committee”. 
RISK STRATEGY 
The key elements of the Board-approved risk strategy are: 
• 
assisting, and communicating on an ongoing basis with, the Group’s business units in respect of their 
risk appetites; 
• 
maximising the risk-adjusted return of the Group while minimising volatility; and 
• 
providing (i) a framework for the Group’s risk culture and (ii) the necessary infrastructure to allow the 
BRCC to perform its role.

--- Page 183 ---
169 
 
RISK APPETITE 
The Group’s risk appetite defines the maximum limit of risk that the Group is willing to accept in relevant 
business categories in order to achieve an optimal balance of risk and return which will enable the achievement 
of its strategic objectives. Any risk which breaches the Group’s stated risk appetite must be mitigated as a matter 
of priority to within acceptable levels. 
The risk appetite is reviewed and recommended by the BRCC to the Board for final approval. This ensures the 
risk appetite statements are consistent with the Group’s strategy and business environment. Through the risk 
appetite statements, the Board communicates to management the acceptable level of risk for the Group, 
determined in a manner which meets the objectives of shareholders, depositors and regulators. 
The Group’s risk management function aims to identify early warnings of risk limit and risk appetite breaches 
and is responsible for notifying such warnings and breaches to the BRCC and the Board. 
SCOPE AND NATURE OF RISK REPORTING TOOLS 
The Group’s risk management framework enables it to identify, assess, limit and monitor risks using a range of 
quantitative and qualitative tools. Some of these tools are common to a number of risk categories, while others 
are tailored to the particular features of specific risk categories and enable the generation of information such 
as: 
• 
credit risk in corporate and consumer financing and other asset exposures, such as collateral coverage 
ratio, limit utilisation and past due alerts; 
• 
quantification of the susceptibility of the market value of single positions or portfolios to changes in 
market parameters (commonly referred to as sensitivity analysis); and 
• 
quantification of exposure to losses due to extreme movements in market prices or rates. 
The CBK requires all Kuwaiti banks to perform semi-annual stress tests under three scenarios: mild, medium 
and severe. These tests must be based on severe but plausible scenarios based on the Bank’s own assumptions, 
which are generally required to be more comprehensive (by including both Pillars 1 + 2 risks) (see further 
“Financial Review – Capital Adequacy” and “Overview of Banking and Finance Regulations in Kuwait – 
Certain Banking Regulations – Capital Adequacy Regulations”). 
These parameters cover stress scenarios for Islamic financing income, fee income, foreign exchange trading 
income, falls in collateral value and stock market declines resulting in additional impairment losses. The Group 
conducts these stress tests semi-annually, as stipulated by the CBK, and also undertakes scenario testing at 
periodic intervals to quantify potential inherent risks that the Group faces. 
The Group regularly assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of its reporting tools and metrics in light of the 
changing risk environment. 
PRINCIPAL RISKS 
The principal risks assumed by the Group in its daily operations are: 
• 
credit risk, which is the risk that a customer or counterparty is unable to meet its contracted financial 
obligations to the Group resulting in a default and/or financial loss to the Group. These risks arise in the 
Group’s normal course of business;

--- Page 184 ---
170 
 
• 
market risk, which is the risk of potential loss in value of financial instruments as a result of adverse 
movements in market variables such as profit rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. These risks 
arise from the Group’s financing and investment activities; 
• 
liquidity risk, which is the risk arising from the inability of the Group to generate sufficient financial 
resources to meet its obligations and commitments as they fall due or having to access funds at an 
excessive cost to meet such obligations and commitments. These risks arise in the Group’s normal course 
of general funding activities; 
• 
profit rate risk, which is the risk of changes in interest rates which may potentially impact the Group’s 
net spread margins and profitability. This risk arises due to the normal nature of banking operations of 
asset liability mismatch and market changes in interest rates; 
• 
reputation and fiduciary risk, which is the risk of current or prospective impact on the Group’s earnings 
and capital arising from negative public opinion since such negative public opinion may affect the 
Group’s ability to establish new relationships or services or to continue servicing existing relationships. 
Such negative opinion may arise from, amongst other things, the Group’s failure to clearly communicate 
appropriate risk and performance projections to its customers or failure to treat funds placed under 
management with due care and professionalism; 
• 
non-financial risk, comprising operational Risk, fraud Risk, technology Risk, and business continuity 
that arise from inadequate internal controls. These risks are organised under one division which provides 
a greater opportunity to align risk management practices with the business direction and external 
mandates such as the CBK’s Cyber Security Framework (CSF); and 
• 
information security and cyber risk, which is the loss of confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the 
Group’s information assets. The loss, corruption, misuse or theft of information could have a serious 
impact on the integrity of the Group’s business activities and reputation. 
Credit risk 
Credit risk management strategy 
The Group’s approach to credit risk is premised on preserving the independence and integrity of the credit risk 
assessment, management and reporting processes, combined with clear policies, limits and approval structures 
which guide the day-to-day initiation and management of the Group’s credit risk exposure. This approach 
comprises credit limits which are established for all customers after a careful assessment of their 
creditworthiness. 
Standing procedures, outlined in the Group’s credit policies and manuals, require that all credit proposals be 
subjected to detailed screening pending submission to the appropriate credit committee. Whenever necessary, 
credit facilities are secured by acceptable forms of collateral to mitigate the related credit risks. The Board 
defines the Group’s credit risk management strategy and approves credit risk policies to ensure alignment of 
the Group’s exposure with its risk appetite. 
Senior management implements the Board’s credit risk strategy and develops policies and procedures for 
identifying, assessing, monitoring and controlling credit risk. 
The Management Credit Committee (the “MCC”), chaired by the Group’s Chief Executive Officer (“Group 
CEO”) and comprising senior executives from the business divisions, meets regularly and reviews the Group’s 
financing portfolios and advises the Board appropriately. 
Further, the Group follows a well-defined authority matrix for the approval of credit transactions, where 
processing of credit transactions undergoes various review and approval levels, which may be submitted to the

--- Page 185 ---
171 
 
Board or the Board Executive Committee (the “BEC”) for approval depending on the relevant limits and terms. 
In addition, the Board monitors the performance of the credit portfolio on a regular basis, where the Board 
receives various reports from different sources, including from the BEC on significant credit activities, from 
the BRCC on credit risk management and measures, from the management on credit portfolio performance, and 
from external parties on the credit health-check review. 
In compliance with CBK regulations, financing to individual Board members and related parties is fully secured 
and monitored by the BEC. Such transactions are made on substantially the same terms, including profit rates 
and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated parties. All such 
facilities are approved by the Board in line with the relative authorities granted by the shareholders’ general 
assembly. 
Country limits are determined based on the outlook of economic and political factors, along with the review of 
reports by rating agencies on the country (where available) and application of local business and market 
knowledge. Country limit exposures are subject to periodic approval by the Board or the BEC. 
The BRCC meets regularly to review salient risks throughout the Group, and advises the Board appropriately 
(see further: “Management and Employees – Management – Board committees – Board Risk Management and 
Compliance Committee”). 
Corporate credit risk management 
Corporate credit facilities are granted based on detailed credit risk assessments which consider the purpose of 
the facility and source of payment, prevailing and potential macroeconomic factors, industry trends and the 
customer’s positioning within its industry peer group. 
Internal credit-rating models are regularly reviewed by the Group’s risk management function in co-ordination 
with management and the BRCC and are periodically enhanced in line with industry credit risk management 
best practices. 
All new proposals and/or material changes to existing credit facilities are reviewed and approved by either the 
BEC or the MCC while the credit facility administration process is undertaken by a segregated function to 
ensure proper execution of all credit approvals and maintenance of documentation, and proactive control over 
maturities, expiry of limits, collateral valuation and contractual covenants.  
Consumer credit risk management 
Oversight of consumer finance risk is undertaken by an independent unit directly within the risk management 
function. Within this framework, limits and approval authorities are exercised by consumer banking officers 
with defined approval authorities. 
Consumer credit risk management functional areas are aligned with key concepts of risk management, namely 
governance, control, measurement and reporting, and consumer credit risk is managed with three lines of 
defence. As the first line of defence, consumer banking (i.e. underwriting) is responsible for adherence to CBK 
regulations and guidelines, the credit policies, controls and processes. As the second line of defence, the 
consumer credit risk management team, working independently of the business unit, assesses and ensures 
implementation of credit risk management discipline and policies. As the third line of defence, the internal audit 
function independently tests, verifies and evaluates controls for effective credit risk management and 
implementation of policies and procedures. 
All significant financing policies and amendments to policies are reviewed annually by the MEC and approved 
by the Board.

--- Page 186 ---
172 
 
Credit review procedures and financing classification 
Corporate financing 
The Group’s policy is to assess the credit risk in commercial banking through a risk-rating process which 
provides transparency and consistency to enable comparison between obligors. The Group has reviewed and 
updated its internal credit rating system to the new “CreditLens” by Moody’s. This system uses two approaches: 
fundamental analysis and scorecard, which both support sophisticated analysis of financial and non-financial 
metrics. 
The risk-rating process derives obligor risk ratings (“ORRs”). The rating methodology focuses on factors such 
as operating performance, liquidity, facility service capabilities and capital structure. The ratio assessment 
combines a peer, trend and absolute assessment to calculate an overall assessment of a ratio or financial metric. 
Qualitative assessments of the operations, liquidity, capital structure, company standing, and industry risk and 
management quality are also included. The system yields a score between 0 and 100, which is mapped to a 
master rating scale having 9 obligor risk ratings: 8 grades for performing obligors and 1 for non-performing 
obligors. Each rated obligor is assigned a probability of default (irrespective of facility type or collateral) over 
the next 12 months. Internal obligor risk ratings are only applied if an external rating does not exist. 
The Group has also implemented risk-rating modules for commercial real estate projects, project finance and 
high net worth individuals that use a scorecard-based approach. 
The Group classifies its exposure in accordance with the North American Industry Classification System Code 
in addition to the classification based on purpose codes as defined by the CBK. This additional classification 
helps to improve the accuracy of ORRs through peer group analysis (in respect of performance and financial 
indicators) and allows the Group to classify its portfolio into sub-segments, which facilitates analysis and 
improves the management of concentrations. 
Consumer financing 
Credit risk analytical models are used to facilitate credit decisions and to monitor credit facilities advanced to 
consumer banking customers. The consumer financing risk assessment for applicants uses an internal credit risk 
policy that is based on customer-centric methodologies which incorporate CBK regulatory guidelines and the 
Group’s policies related to consumer financing facilities, such as debt-to-income ratio, minimum qualifying 
income and limits on advances by product type. 
Portfolio management 
The Group assesses and analyses the overall portfolio quality at regular intervals in risk management 
committees and reporting. In addition, a risk adjusted return on capital (“RAROC”) model is used to assist 
management in pricing credit facilities granted to corporate clients. The RAROC model is based on the premise 
that pricing should be aligned with the risk embedded in the proposal and the required capital consumption. 
RAROC as a capital allocation tool is used both on a micro-level to assess financing transactions and on a 
portfolio level for risk monitoring and assessment. 
The table below shows a classification of the Group’s financial assets, based on the Group’s credit rating 
system, as at the dates indicated.

--- Page 187 ---
173 
 
Neither past due nor impaired 
High(1)
Standard(2)
Past due or 
impaired(3)
Total
(KD ’000) 
As at 31 December 2021 .............................. 
6,724,497
437,685
52,712
7,214,894
As at 31 December 2020 .............................. 
5,795,277
426,172
55,607
6,277,056
As at 31 December 2019 .............................. 
4,716,495
263,911
74,389
5,054,795
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Credit exposures classified as “High” quality are those where the ultimate risk of financial loss from the obligor’s failure to 
discharge its obligation is assessed to be low. These include facilities to corporate entities with financial condition, risk indicators 
and payment capacity which are considered to be good to excellent. 
(2) 
Credit exposures classified as “Standard” quality comprise all other facilities whose payment performance is fully compliant with 
contractual conditions and which are not impaired. 
(3) 
Credit exposures classified as “Past due or impaired” are facilities that are past due up to a maximum period of 90 days. Upon 91 
days past due, the facilities are classified as impaired. 
 
As at 31 December 2021, 49.4 per cent. of the past due or impaired category was 90 days or more past due 
(compared to 44.0 per cent. as at 31 December 2020 and 13.5 per cent. as at 31 December 2019) (see also “– 
Past due and impairment provisions”). 
Credit risk monitoring 
The Group’s exposures are continuously monitored through a system of triggers and early-warning signals 
aimed at detecting adverse symptoms which could result in deterioration of credit risk quality. The triggers and 
early-warning systems are supplemented by facility utilisation and collateral valuation monitoring together with 
a review of upcoming credit facility expiration and market intelligence to enable timely corrective action by 
management. The results of the monitoring process are reflected in the internal rating process. 
Credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis with formal monthly and quarterly reporting to ensure senior 
management awareness of shifts in credit quality and portfolio performance along with changing external 
factors such as economic and business cycles. 
Credit risk reporting also includes a “dashboard” for all facilities, classification and delinquency monitoring. 
A specialised and focused team on recovery and collections handles the management and collection of problem 
financing facilities. 
Credit risk mitigation 
Portfolio diversification is the cornerstone of the Group’s credit risk mitigation strategy which is implemented 
through customer, industry and geographical limit structures. To ensure diversification at the portfolio level, 
interrelated companies with the same management or ownership structure are classified and treated as one 
entity. CBK requires that the Group limits its financing concentration per entity to a specific percentage of the 
Group’s regulatory capital. 
Credit risk mitigants, such as collateral and guarantees, are effective mitigating factors within the Group’s 
portfolio and collateral quality is continuously monitored and assessed. The main types of collateral accepted 
by the Group include cash collateral, equity shares, bank guarantees, real estate assets, sovereign debt 
instruments, bank debt instruments and collective investment scheme investments. Banks and creditworthy

--- Page 188 ---
174 
 
companies and individuals with high net worth are accepted as guarantor counterparties, subject to credit risk 
assessment. The custody and daily “mark to market” (revaluation) of financial collateral, inclusive of shares, 
are performed independently of the business units. Real estate collateral is valued on an annual basis or when 
the need arises. As at 31 December 2021, 59.2 per cent. of the Group’s corporate financing portfolio was secured 
by collateral. 
The Group is authorised to liquidate the portfolio of collateral at its discretion in the event of any default in the 
payment of the covered financing. The liquid collateral (such as cash) can then be liquidated within a matter of 
days and the proceeds applied to discharge the amounts outstanding on the relevant financing. The collateral 
enforcement process in Kuwait in respect of real estate and equity shares involves a number of steps and the 
Group has swift and efficient processes to exercise its right on the collateral at all time. Given that the relevant 
debtor and/or guarantor may raise objections at each stage, if enforcement is contested the typical time taken to 
finalise enforcement proceedings in relation to real estate is between one and two months and, in difficult cases, 
up to three months. 
Consumer financings are generally not secured. However, before granting consumer financings, the Group 
requires that the customer’s employer makes the customer’s salary payments direct to the customer’s account 
held with the Group. 
Risk transfer in the form of syndications and risk participation arrangements with other banks is also used to 
manage the Group’s exposures. 
Impairment of financial assets 
The Group recognises impairment on financing facilities at an amount equal to the higher of (a) ECL under 
IFRS 9 according to the CBK guidelines or (b) the provisions required by the CBK instructions. The Group 
recognises ECL on investment in debt securities at FVOCI and on balances and deposits with banks. Equity 
investments are not subject to ECLs. 
ECLs are probability-weighted estimates of credit losses and are measured as the present value of all cash 
shortfalls discounted at the effective profit rate of the financial instrument. Cash shortfalls represent the 
difference between cashflows due to the Group in accordance with the contract and the cashflows that the Group 
expects to receive. The key elements in the measurement of ECL include probability of default, loss given 
default and exposure at default. The Group estimates these elements using appropriate credit risk models taking 
into consideration the internal and external credit ratings of the assets, nature and value of collateral, forward 
looking macroeconomic scenarios, among other factors. 
The Group applies a three-stage approach to measure the ECL and assets migrate through these three stages 
based on the change in credit quality and initial recognition: 
• 
stage 1 (12-months’ ECL) – the Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to 12-months ECL 
on financial assets where there has not been significant increase in credit risk since their initial 
recognition or on exposures that are determined to have a low credit risk at the reporting date. The Group 
considers a financial asset to have low credit risk when their credit risk rating is equivalent to the globally 
understood definition of “investment grade”; 
• 
stage 2 (lifetime ECL – not credit impaired) – the Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal 
to lifetime ECL on financial assets where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition but which are not credit impaired; and 
• 
stage 3 (lifetime ECL – credit impaired) – the Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to 
lifetime ECL on financial assets that are determined to be credit impaired based on objective evidence 
of impairment.

--- Page 189 ---
175 
 
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether there has been significant increase in credit risk since initial 
recognition by comparing the risk of default occurring over the remaining expected life from the reporting date 
with the risk of default at the date of initial recognition. The quantitative criteria used to determine a significant 
increase in credit risk is a series of relative and absolute thresholds. All financial assets that are 30 days past 
due are deemed to have significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition and migrated to stage 2 even 
if other criteria do not indicate a significant increase in credit risk. At each reporting date, the Group also 
assesses whether a financial asset or group of financial assets is credit impaired. The Group considers a financial 
asset to be impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cashflows 
of the financial asset have occurred or when contractual payments are 90 days past due. All credit impaired 
financial assets are classified as stage 3 for ECL measurement purposes. Evidence of credit impairment includes 
observable data about significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer, a breach of contract such as 
default or past due event, the lender having granted to the borrower a concession that the lender would otherwise 
not consider for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, the 
disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties and/or purchase of a financial 
asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit loss. At the reporting date, if the credit risk of a financial 
asset or group of financial assets has not increased significantly since initial recognition or is not credit impaired, 
these financial assets are classified as stage 1. 
The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off (either partially or in full) when the Group 
determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows 
to repay the amounts. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement 
activities in order to comply with the Group’s procedures for recovery of amounts due. 
For further information, see Note 30.2 (Credit risk) to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Past due and impairment provisions 
The Group is required to calculate provisions for credit losses on finance facilities in accordance with the 
instructions of the CBK on the classification of finance facilities and calculation of provisions. Finance facilities 
are classified as past due when a payment has not been received on its contractual payment date or if the facility 
is in excess of pre-approved limits. A finance facility is classified as past due and impaired if the profit or a 
principal instalment is past due for more than 90 days and if the carrying amount of the facility is greater than 
its estimated recoverable value. 
Past due and past due and impaired facilities are managed and monitored as irregular facilities and are classified 
into the following four categories, which are then used to guide the provisioning process: 
Category 
 
Criteria 
 
Specific provisions 
Watch list 
 
Irregular for a period of 90 days 
 
— 
Substandard 
 
Irregular for a period of 91-180 days 
 
20% 
Doubtful 
 
Irregular for a period of 181-365 days 
 
50% 
Bad 
 
Irregular for a period exceeding 365 days 
 
100% 
 
The Group may also include a credit facility in one of the above categories based on management’s judgement 
of a customer’s financial and/or non-financial circumstances. 
In addition to specific provisions, minimum general provisions of 1 per cent. on cash facilities and 0.5 per cent. 
on non-cash facilities are made on all applicable finance facilities (net of certain restricted categories of 
collateral) which are not subject to specific provisioning.

--- Page 190 ---
176 
 
For further information, see Note 8 (Provision for impairment) and Note 30.2 (Credit risk) to the 2021 Financial 
Statements.  
Market risk 
Market risk management 
The management and oversight of market risk inherent within the Group’s non-trading activities is managed by 
the ALCO. All activities giving rise to market risk are conducted within a structure of approved credit and 
position limits. 
The Group’s strategy for controlling market risk involves: 
• 
stringent controls and limits; 
• 
strict segregation of “front”, “middle” and “back” office duties; 
• 
regular independent reporting of positions; and 
• 
regular independent review of all controls and limits. 
For further information, see Note 30.3 (Market risk) to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Foreign exchange risk 
Foreign exchange risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate 
because of changes in foreign exchange rates. 
Foreign exchange risks are controlled through limits pre-established by the Board on currency position 
exposures. Assets are typically funded in the same currency as that of the business being transacted to eliminate 
exchange exposures. Appropriate segregation of duties exists between the treasury front and back office 
functions, while compliance with position limits is independently monitored on an ongoing basis by an 
independent middle office function. 
For further information, see Note 30.4 (Foreign currency risk) to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Equity price risk 
Equity price risk is the risk that the fair values of equities will fluctuate as a result of changes in the level of 
equity indices or the value of individual share prices. The Group manages equity price risk through 
diversification of investments in terms of geographic distribution and industry concentration. The Group’s 
investments unit is responsible for managing its investment securities portfolio. 
For equity investments classified as FVOCI in 2021, a 5.0 per cent. increase in stock prices as at 31 December 
2021 would have increased equity by KD 1 million (compared to an increase of KD 0.9 million as at 31 
December 2020). An equal change in the opposite direction would have had an equal but opposite effect to 
these amounts, on the basis that all other variables remain constant. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk can be caused by market disruptions or credit rating downgrades which may restrict the 
availability of certain sources of funding. To address this risk, management has diversified the Group’s funding 
sources and its assets are managed with liquidity in mind, maintaining a sufficient balance of cash, cash 
equivalents and readily marketable securities. 
The Group applies a prudent mix of liquidity controls which provide security of access to funds without undue 
exposure to increased costs of funds from the liquidation of assets, or aggressive bidding for deposits. Liquidity

--- Page 191 ---
177 
 
risk is monitored and evaluated daily to ensure that, over the short term and by major currency, the profile of 
projected future cash inflows is adequately matched to the maturity of liabilities. 
The Group has established the ALCO to manage the assets and liabilities of the Group. The ALCO meets 
regularly to determine and review policies for managing liquidity risk as well as to set risk limits. 
For further information, see Note 30.5 (Liquidity risk) to the 2021 Financial Statements.  
Profit rate risk 
Profit rate risk is the risk of losses arising due to adverse changes in profit rates and is part of normal banking 
activities. However, excessive profit rate risk can pose a significant threat to the Group’s earnings and capital 
base. 
To address this risk, the Group has implemented a profit rate risk management framework to manage the risk 
within prudent levels and limit the impact of the profit rate risk on the Group. 
Reputation and fiduciary risk 
Management of reputation risk is an integral feature of the Group’s corporate culture and is embedded in its 
internal control systems. Besides identification and management of risks, the internal control system also 
incorporates as an ethos the maintenance of business practices of the highest quality towards the Group’s 
customers, shareholders, regulators, general public and fiduciary and non-fiduciary clients. 
Through its policies and practices, the Group ensures that proper screening of clients’ risk profiles and 
performance expectations is conducted prior to making investment products or services available to them. 
Furthermore, once a product or service is sold, appropriate risk and performance projections are clearly 
communicated, and funds placed under management are treated with due care and professionalism. 
Operational risk 
The Group monitors its operational risks through an operational risk management framework which defines 
roles and responsibilities for managing and reporting operational risk. The key components of this framework 
are risk control, self-assessments, comprehensive documented policies, procedures and internal controls. The 
framework also ensures that Data Confidentiality and Data Privacy across Group entities is maintained in 
accordance with local regulatory guidelines and global standards such as compliance to PA-DSS (Payment 
Application Data Security Standards), PCI-DSS (Payment Card Industry Security Standards), and the European 
Union’s GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation). 
Through this framework, line management is able to identify, assess and decide in what form and scale it can 
accept, control and reduce operational risk, together with the form of risk prevention measures which are 
necessary. Furthermore, this framework embeds a culture of transparency of information, escalation of key 
issues, and accountability for issue resolution. 
The Group’s risk management function collates and reviews actual loss data arising from the Group’s day-to-
day operations to continuously refine its control arrangements. 
The operational risk management framework is supplemented by regular reviews by the Group’s internal audit 
function.  
The Group’s business processes are closely monitored to identify, assess, control and prevent potentially illicit 
use of the Group’s services for laundering money and/or financing terrorism. The Group’s anti-money 
laundering (“AML”) and counter-terrorism financing (“CTF”) initiatives are regularly reviewed to ensure full 
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements and international best practices (see also “– Compliance”).

--- Page 192 ---
178 
 
Fraud Risk 
Fraud is defined as any act involving deceit to obtain a direct or indirect financial benefit by the perpetrator or 
group of people in collusion causing a loss to the deceived party. This includes a financial gain in addition to 
other benefits, such as the right to have access to or obtain information by deceit or any other dishonest conduct. 
Whether the loss is material or related to an intangible benefit such as intellectual property rights, fraud usually 
involves a loss to the group, its shareholders or customers and an attempt to hide this loss. 
The Bank has implemented an Enterprise Fraud Risk Management System (“EFMS”) using a layered approach 
for proactive real-time & near real-time monitoring of customer transaction activity across products, payment 
channels, accounts, users and processes. This helps in identifying unusual behaviour that could be a sign of 
criminal activity, fraud or corruption. The EFMS leverages Artificial Intelligence & Machine learning to achieve 
a 360° view of the customer behaviour and profiles to enhance transaction level and account level fraud 
detection, investigation and prevention. 
The Bank is committed to maintaining high legal, ethical, and moral standards to adhere to the principles of 
integrity, objectivity and honesty. The Bank takes a very serious approach to all suspected cases, confirmed 
cases of fraud and/or corruption by its staff and has implemented procedures to handle external fraud and claims 
affecting Group customers. The Bank has zero tolerance at all levels for any dishonest and fraudulent behaviour 
and is committed to preventing such behaviour; treating and responding fully and fairly in accordance with the 
provisions of the Code of Conduct, Customer Fair Practices and Central Bank of Kuwait guidelines.  
Technology Risk  
Technology risk is defined as the business risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, 
influence and adoption of technology within the bank. Technology risk consists of technology-related events 
that could potentially impact the business and create challenges in meeting strategic goals and objectives. 
Technology risks are inherited in all of the Bank’s products, services, processes and systems. 
The Bank has a Technology Risk Management Department (“TRMD”) that acts as the second line of defence 
over the use of information technology (“IT”). TRMD assists with risk assessments and analysis related to 
technology adoption and changes. The department works closely with other stakeholders to ensure that new or 
updated policies and procedures sufficiently address technology risks. TRMD also participates in critical 
projects and conducts an independent review of major IT-related incidents to ensure root causes are addressed. 
Risk control self-assessments covering the technology processes and related systems and services for the Bank 
and its subsidiaries are conducted. 
TRMD supports the Bank in the automation and digitisation of business processes in a secure manner. These 
initiatives include Robotic Process Automation (RPA) and Robotic Desktop Automation (RDA), Near Field 
Communication (NFC), card-less payments, contactless and wearable payments, mobile banking, and online 
banking.  
Business Continuity and Sustainability 
The Bank has a business continuity plan together with a fully-equipped disaster recovery centre which is tested 
periodically. The Group demonstrated strong business resilience during COVID-19 since employees were able 
to work remotely using available secure options. The Group’s crisis management plan, including underlying 
technical capabilities for disaster recovery, was enhanced in light of COVID-19. The Business Continuity 
Management Committee, comprising senior management, provides oversight for this function and ensures 
funds are available to support the activities. 
The Group has also enhanced its focus on sustainability. As such, the Bank has set out a clear vision that 
articulates and enforces environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) criteria, starting with issuing the 
Bank’s first sustainability report in March 2021. This report serves as a cornerstone in transparently disclosing

--- Page 193 ---
179 
 
the Bank’s ESG performance to its stakeholders. The Bank has achieved various milestones in 2021, such as 
launching an Islamic Digital Bank, “Nomo”, the very first of its kind that accommodates a diverse range of 
customer segments in the Middle East who are interested in investing and having access to a secure international 
banking experience. The Bank also launched the Emerging Businesses Incubation Program to support 
entrepreneurs and SMEs. This is conducted through coaching and training programmes that provide them with 
adequate skills catered to their business ideas, and with tools that strengthen the SMEs’ resilience and market 
readiness. The Bank has continued to exhibit diversity within its culture, specifically in terms of female 
representation in leadership levels and in cultivating innovative talents. 
The Bank recognises the ESG challenges and risks that arise in the market, and the necessity of having an 
aligned and institutionalised ESG roadmap that serves as a proactive readiness action plan with a defined 
strategic direction. The Bank is currently developing an ESG roadmap, covering risks and opportunities within 
the current business operations that will help the Bank towards ESG goals. The Bank believes that by 
transparent disclosure of its non-financial performance, the oversight of higher management, and continuing 
the development of a standardised reporting approach, will result in a deeper engagement and sustained value 
with its stakeholders. 
Information Security and Cyber Risk 
An important aspect of managing risks for the Bank is to protect against cyber threats. The Bank continues to 
invest in business and technical controls to strengthen the systems and underlying infrastructure. Further, the 
Bank ensures awareness of cybersecurity issues and maintains plans for incidents and crises. Cyber risks and 
related controls are frequently discussed at relevant governance forums and the Board to ensure appropriate 
oversight.  
The Information Security Department (ISD) acts as the second line of defence over other Bank functions. Given 
the increasing digital capabilities within the Bank and the extension of Nomo Bank under BLME, the Bank 
strives to achieve high standards of information security risk management. To that end, the Bank maintains 
ISO27001 certification for an independent validation of the strength of the Information Security Management 
System and handling of payment card data is certified for compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data 
Security Standard (PCI-DSS). The Bank ensures compliance with the CBK Cyber Security Framework (CSF) 
and an assessment of the same is conducted on a regular basis.  
The Bank considers the number of attack vectors at the Bank as confidential information that is not shared 
publicly. The maximum value of the insurance policy over breaches or other cybersecurity incidents, and the 
frequency of audits performed on the Bank’s information security policies and systems may be shared once a 
non-disclosure agreement is signed. 
RESPONSE TO COVID-19 
Group’s response 
Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, especially upon its arrival in Kuwait, the Group and the Group’s 
risk management function have taken various steps across the wide spectrum of risks that have emanated from 
this crisis, as discussed below. 
Credit risk 
The Group has conducted extensive credit assessments of its wholesale and corporate financing and Sukuk 
portfolios since the onset of the COVID-19 crisis spanning more than 90 per cent. of the Group’s corporate 
financing portfolio and all of its Sukuk portfolio. These assessments included continuous dialogue with the 
relevant obligor, review of the viability of the obligor’s business model, consideration of the projected level of 
support needed, assessment of the rationale for cash flow delays and the expected timeframe for the obligor to

--- Page 194 ---
180 
 
repay. Following these assessments, the Group’s internal ratings of obligors were updated and, in line with CBK 
guidance and the Group’s internal guidance, discussions on payment deferrals with relevant obligors were 
conducted. This was later augmented during the course of 2021 with 2020 financial statements or a more recent 
period to better assess COVID-19’s impact on the obligors. 
On the basis of this review, the Group has been able to assess its expected cost of risk as well as the impact on 
industries. The obligors remain subject to continued monitoring and regular assessment by the Group’s risk 
management function to allow the Group to remain agile to any major changes in the risk profile of obligors. 
The Group did not categorise such COVID-19 related payment deferrals as forbearance unless wider credit risk 
concerns had been identified. On this basis, the majority of COVID-19 related payment deferrals have been 
classified as stage 1 under IFRS 9 (see further “– Principal Risks – Impairment of financial assets”). However, 
as at 31 December 2021, following the cessation of the payment deferral support scheme in September 2020, 
all obligors had returned to their normal payment schedules. 
Since the outbreak of the pandemic, the Group has not received any restructuring request which would have 
resulted in an economic loss to the Group, either by way of haircut, reduction in collateral coverage, concessions 
provided and/or reduction in the economic value of the financing. Rather, all restructuring requests received 
and actioned by the Group were in respect of cash flow management to meet temporarily disrupted customer 
cash flows. For the 12 months ended 31 December 2021, only 0.7 per cent. of the Group’s wholesale exposure 
had been subject to restructuring. 
Although the Group’s wholesale financing portfolio remains exposed to the risk of asset quality deterioration 
(see further “Risk Factors – Risks relating to the Bank and its Ability to Fulfil its Obligations under the 
Transaction Documents – The outbreak of communicable diseases around the world, in particular the COVID-
19 pandemic, has led to economic volatility, which may materially and adversely affect the Group’s business, 
financial condition and results of operations”), the strengths of the Group’s retail portfolio, as discussed further 
below, are expected to mitigate this. 
Liquidity risk 
Despite the potential credit risk outlined above, the Group has not, to date, experienced any significant impact 
to its liquidity as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. A contributing factor to this has been the Group’s pre-
COVID-19 proactive liquidity management and sourcing of long-term funding. Additionally, the Group 
observed a significant build-up of retail deposits since the first quarter of 2020 and current and savings accounts 
balances that has added sticky funding. This increase is attributable to the Group’s strong retail base, which 
includes many government employees. Whilst these customers have been subject to restrictions on opportunities 
to spend during the lockdown measures in Kuwait, many have also benefitted from uninterrupted salaries and 
moratoriums on financing instalments during the pandemic. These deposits, even after the easing of lockdown 
measures, provide the Group with continued liquidity. In addition to this, the availability of alternative funding 
to institutions, including that provided by the Kuwait Investment Authority, has also limited the impact on the 
Group’s liquidity. 
By maintaining its liquidity levels at the liquidity regulatory ratios required by the CBK, the Group remains 
agile in meeting upcoming funding requirements, including the replacement of funding which was due to mature 
and the funding of new credit. 
Business continuity and resilience 
The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures imposed to limit the spread of COVID-19 have resulted in certain 
operational limits and vulnerabilities such as Group employees working from home and customers being unable 
to access branch locations. However, the Group’s technological infrastructure, built over a number of years, has 
been able to adapt to such operational limits allowing for smooth transitions to the operation of executive

--- Page 195 ---
181 
 
committees and treasury operations remotely, and increased customer traffic to the Group’s digital services. 
This in turn has allowed the Group to continue providing its products and services to customers throughout the 
pandemic. 
As at 31 December 2021, acting on the Government’s directions, 100 per cent. of the Group’s on-site employees 
had returned from remote working with all of the Group’s retail branches operating at full capacity, ensuring 
consistent delivery to the Group’s customer base whether in branch or digitally. 
The CBK’s response 
The CBK offered an immediate relief package at the beginning of the crisis to the Kuwait banking sector. This 
relief package consisted of, amongst other measures, reductions in capital requirements, through the removal 
of the capital conservation buffer, and reduction in liquidity requirements. Circular No. (2/BS/IBS/454/2020), 
issued by the CBK to all local banks on 2 April 2020, detailed certain amendments to existing regulations in 
order to counter COVID-19, as discussed below. In the circular issued by the CBK to all banks on 11 October 
2021, the CBK Committee informed the return to pre-COVID-19 levels of the eased liquidity ratios and capital 
adequacy ratios by keeping the risk weight of 25 per cent. which was set to support SMEs. This process will be 
applied on Banks in two stages: the first will be on 1 January 2022 and the second will be on 1 January 2023.  
Below is a table on the step plan to restore the previous regulatory requirements: 
Regulatory requirement 
 
Limited as on 1 January 
2022 
 
Limited as on 1 January 
2023 
 
Regulatory liquidity ratio 
 
From 15% to 16.5% 
 
From 16.5% to 18% 
 
Liquidity coverage ratio 
 
From 80% to 90% 
 
From 90% to 100% 
 
Net sable funding ratio 
 
From 80% to 90% 
 
From 90% to 100% 
 
Negative cumulative gap in maturity structure: 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
Week or less 
• 
Month or less 
• 
Three months or less 
• 
Six months or less 
 
From 20% to 15% 
From 30% to 25% 
From 40% to 35% 
From 50% to 45% 
 
From 15% to 10% 
From 25% to 20% 
From 35% to 30% 
From 45% to 40% 
 
Maximum lending limit 
 
From 100% to 95% 
 
From 95% to 90% 
 
Minimum total capital requirements 
 
 
 
 
 
• 
(CET1+AT1+T2) 
• 
Minimum Tier-1 capital (CET1+AT1) 
• 
Minimum shareholder equity (CET1) 
 
From 10.5% to 11.5% 
From 8.5% to 9.5% 
From 7.0% to 8.0% 
 
From 11.5% to 13.0% 
From 9.5% to 11.0% 
From 8.0% to 9.5% 
 
 
Despite the outbreak of COVID-19, the Group has maintained its financial resilience for capital and liquidity 
adequacy. As such, the Group remains agile to future impacts arising from the crisis and has conducted stress 
testing for the period until 31 December 2022 to that effect. On this basis, the Group has decided not to utilise 
the relief package offered and instead maintain its original risk appetite limits. 
Capital adequacy ratio 
The CBK introduced amendments to its Instructions issued on 24 June 2014 related to Basel III capital adequacy 
ratio, including:

--- Page 196 ---
182 
 
• 
removing the required capital conservation buffer of 2.5 per cent. of risk weighted assets in the form of 
CET1 to reduce capital base requirements, as set out below; and 
Capital components 
Original
requirement
Revised
requirement
From
1 January 
2022
From
1 January 
2023
(%) 
Common equity tier 1 + additional 
tier 1 + tier 2 ..................................... 
13
10.5
11.5
13.0
Minimum core capital (common 
equity tier 1 + additional tier 1) ........ 
11
8.5
9.5
11.0
Minimum shareholders’ equity 
(common equity tier 1) ..................... 
9.5
7
8.0
9.5
 
• 
reducing the risk weight of exposures to small and medium enterprises from 75 per cent. to 25 per cent., 
while continuing to apply the definition of small and medium enterprises as stipulated under Law No. 
98/2013 concerning the establishment of the Kuwait National Fund for Small and Medium Enterprises 
Development, as amended by Law No. (14) of 2018 and its Executive Regulations and amendments. 
Liquidity ratios 
In addition to the amendments introduced in respect of its capital adequacy ratio requirements, the CBK 
implemented the following amendments in respect of liquidity ratios: 
• 
reduced the minimum limit for liquidity coverage ratio (“LCR”), as originally set out in its Instructions 
issued on 23 December 2014, from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent. Since 1 January 2022, the limit is 90 per 
cent. and on 1 January 2023, it will be 100 per cent.; 
• 
reduced the minimum limit for net stable funding ratio (“NSFR”), as originally set out in its Instructions 
issued on 25 October 2015, from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent. Since 1 January 2022, the limit is 90 per 
cent. and on 1 January 2023, it will be 100 per cent.; 
• 
reduced the minimum limit for regulatory liquidity ratio, as originally set out in its Instructions issued 
on 4 December 2008, from 18 per cent. to 15 per cent. Since 1 January 2022, the limit is 16.5 per cent. 
and on 1 January 2023, it will be 18 per cent.; 
• 
increased the maximum limit of cumulative negative asset and liability maturity mismatches, as 
originally set out in its Instructions issued to conventional banks on 14 October 1997 and to Islamic 
banks on 3 November 2003 (as amended on 8 June 2004), in respect of the liquidity system as set out in 
the maturity ladder below; 
Duration 
Original
maximum 
limit of 
accumulated 
negative 
mismatch
Revised
maximum 
limit of 
accumulated 
negative 
mismatch
From
1 January 
2022
From
1 January 
2023
(%) 
7 days or less .................................... 
10
20
15
10

--- Page 197 ---
183 
 
Duration 
Original
maximum 
limit of 
accumulated 
negative 
mismatch
Revised
maximum 
limit of 
accumulated 
negative 
mismatch
From
1 January 
2022
From
1 January 
2023
(%) 
1 month or less ................................. 
20
30
25
20
3 months or less ................................ 
30
40
35
30
6 months or less ................................ 
40
50
45
40
 
• 
increased the maximum lending limit, as originally set out in its Instructions issued on 15 March 2016, 
from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent. Since 1 January 2022, the limit is 95 per cent. and on 1 January 2023, 
it will be 90 per cent.; 
• 
amended its Instructions issued on 11 January 2005 concerning customer exemptions to the maximum 
limits designated for credit and financing concentrations and the corresponding rules governing 
applications for such exemptions to capture vital economic projects which add value to the local 
economy; and 
• 
amended its Instructions issued on 12 November 2013 concerning the amount of finance available to 
individual customers for the purpose of purchasing and/or developing real estate properties located in 
the areas of private and standard housing, by increasing the loan to value ratio limits as set out below. 
Type of financing 
Original
loan to value
ratio limit
Revised loan
to value 
ratio limit
(%) 
Financing for the purchase of land .................................................... 
50
60
Financing for an existing property .................................................... 
60
70
Financing for construction only ........................................................ 
70
80
COMPLIANCE 
Overview 
The Group’s compliance function is an independent function which reports to the BRCC. The function is 
responsible for overseeing and managing compliance aspects across the Group through a robust compliance 
framework. 
The compliance framework consists of compliance policies, procedures and a dashboard and compliance is 
monitored through timely reports. In addition, a risk and compliance matrix is used across the Group to assess 
and monitor the effectiveness of regulatory compliance self-assessment tools that are used by the various 
business units.

--- Page 198 ---
184 
 
The Group’s compliance programme has three main pillars (advise, monitor and report) built on a foundation 
of a sound understanding of the appropriate regulatory requirements. Advising encompasses the internal 
notification of regulatory change, new products and services and internal processes as well as other internal 
communications, including training and a compliance calendar. Monitoring includes procedures for compliance 
reviews, breach escalation and compliance indicators. 
The Group’s internal audit function also ensures that a robust compliance framework is being proactively 
implemented. 
A risk and compliance matrix is used across the Group to assess and monitor the effectiveness of regulatory 
compliance in addition to regulatory compliance self-assessment tools. 
Anti-money laundering and counter-terrorism financing 
The Group applies an integrated AML/CTF policy and procedures which take account of Financial Action Task 
Force recommendations, international sanctions lists (such as those of the United Nations, the European Union 
and the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control) and applicable AML-related laws and regulations. 
The Group’s CTF policies apply customer due diligence principles for applicants and customers which include 
the following: 
• 
all new customers being identified and verified; 
• 
all customers being screened against all prohibited lists to ensure full compliance with international 
sanctions lists; and 
• 
all outward and inward transfers being screened to comply with all sanctions lists. 
Customer transactions are monitored on a daily basis under a risk-based approach to ensure no money 
laundering transactions are conducted. In addition, the Group conducts enhanced due diligence in relation to 
high-risk customers. 
Internal audit 
The Group’s internal audit function is an independent function reporting, functionally, to the BAC, and 
administratively, to the Group CEO. The BAC has four members, chaired by the Chairman of Audit Committee 
(who is an independent member) (two of whom have academic qualifications and/or practical experience in the 
financial field). 
The BAC’s terms of reference require it to: 
• 
ensure the independence and effectiveness of the internal audit function; 
• 
review the adequacy, efficiency and effectiveness of internal controls in the Group; 
• 
review the accuracy and reliability of financial statements; 
• 
oversee the selection of the external auditors and review their scope of work and reported findings; and 
• 
support the Shari’a internal and external audit, adopt the Shari’a internal and external audit plans, and 
discuss the respective audit reports. 
The Group’s internal audit function is an independent and objective assurance function headed by the Group’s 
Chief Audit Executive. The Group’s internal audit function is governed by a BAC-approved internal audit 
charter, which defines the independence, objectivity, authority and responsibilities of the Group’s internal audit 
function. The charter is in line with applicable regulations and promotes the standards of best professional 
practice issued by the Institute of Internal Auditors and applicable Basel Committee guidelines.

--- Page 199 ---
185 
 
The Group’s internal audit function has adopted a risk-based audit approach for planning and conducting its 
audits. In addition, identified issues are tracked and followed up on a monthly basis. Validation of action taken 
and reporting on implementation status with clear escalation mechanisms are in place. 
Final audit reports are circulated to the BAC, the executive management and concerned members of the Group’s 
divisions. In addition, quarterly meetings and presentations to the BAC, including highlights on key audit issues 
and their follow-up status, are held. 
The BAC submits a quarterly report to the Board on its activities and the audit outcomes. 
Internal controls 
An annual internal control review (“ICR”) of the Group’s internal control system is conducted by an external 
audit firm, other than the auditors of the Group’s financial statements, in accordance with CBK requirements. 
The ICR examines the Group’s accounting and other records, and evaluates the internal control systems in 
place.  
The ICR report of the external audit firm for the year ended 31 December 2020 conveyed that the Bank 
maintained in all material aspects an effective internal control system. The next ICR by the external audit firm 
for the year ended 31 December 2021 will be concluded and submitted to the CBK in June 2022.

--- Page 200 ---
186 
 
MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 
MANAGEMENT 
Corporate governance framework 
The Bank’s corporate governance framework is based on principles and standards defined by leading 
professional bodies and regulatory authorities, including the CBK, and is embedded into the business activities 
and practices of the Bank. In 2020, the Bank implemented the corporate governance framework in line with its 
internal governance manual (the “Framework”). The Framework is designed to secure effective oversight of 
the Bank’s strategy and business operations with a robust risk management approach, transparency and 
accountability, and to ensure protection of the rights of shareholders and stakeholders. 
The Bank ensures that it has a sound, well balanced and effective corporate governance framework. The Board 
adopts and reviews the Framework and the executive management ensures proper implementation of the 
Framework through adequate policies, procedures and authority matrices, which the employees adhere to. 
Further, the Bank is committed to providing timely, consistent and accurate information to its stakeholders and 
has adopted a disclosure and transparency policy to ensure that this is achieved. This policy covers a wide range 
of areas, including the key quantitative and qualitative information related to financial performance and 
financial stability, risk management factors, remuneration, corporate governance, related-party transactions, 
conflicts of interest and substantial changes in business. 
Board of Directors 
The Bank operates under the direction of the Board, which, prior to 2021, comprised nine members elected by 
the shareholders under a mandate to deliver sustainable value to all stakeholders, including 
depositors/customers, shareholders, employees, and society. In 2021, in line with the Corporate Governance 
Instructions (as defined herein), two additional independent board directors have been elected to the Board (see 
further “Overview of Banking and Finance Regulations in Kuwait – Certain Banking Regulations – Other CBK 
Instructions – Corporate Governance”). 
The Board is granted the highest authorities and overall responsibilities by the shareholders to manage the Bank. 
The Board operates in line with the by-laws of the Bank and its charter, where its scope of work includes but is 
not limited to: 
• 
setting the strategies and risk appetite for the Bank; 
• 
approving capital and operating plans presented by management for the achievement of the Bank’s 
strategic objectives; 
• 
ensuring efficient application of the resources for the achievement of the objectives; and 
• 
monitoring the performance of the Executive Management. 
The primary mandate of the Board is to align the Bank’s strategic objectives, risk appetite and overall corporate 
governance framework with the best interests of the Bank and thereby maximise value for shareholders. This 
mandate is coupled with responsibility for monitoring and maintaining the Bank’s financial and economic 
stability and safeguarding the rights and benefits of all of the Bank’s stakeholders. 
The roles of the Board Chairman and the Group CEO are separate and independent of one another and there is 
a clear segregation of duties and responsibilities. The Chairman’s responsibilities are set out in the Board 
Charter and in the terms of reference of the Board.

--- Page 201 ---
187 
 
The table below shows the names of the members of the Board as at the date of this Prospectus. 
Name 
 
Position 
Abdulaziz Abdullah Al-Shaya 
 
Chairman 
Adel Abdul Wahab Al-Majed 
 
Vice-Chairman and Group CEO 
Adnan Abdullah Al-Othman 
 
Board Member 
Fahad Ahmad Al-Fouzan 
 
Board Member 
Hazim Ali Al-Mutairi 
 
Board Member 
Mohamed Yousef Al-Saqer 
 
Board Member 
Waleed Ibrahim Al-Asfour 
 
Board Member 
Waleed Mishari Al-Hamad 
 
Board Member 
Waleed Abdullah Al-Houti 
Imran A. Ali 
Waleed Humoud Al-Ayadhi 
 
Board Member 
Board Member (Independent) 
Board Member (Independent) 
 
Fatwa & Shari’a Supervisory Board 
 
 
Sheikh Dr. Abdulaziz Khalifa Al-Qasar 
 
Chairman 
Sheikh Dr. Esame Khalaf Al-Enezi 
 
Member/Reporter 
Sheikh Dr. Mohammed Awad Al-Fuzaie 
 
Member 
Sheikh Dr. Ali Ibrahim Al-Rashid 
 
Member 
 
Detailed below is brief biographical information about each member of the Board. 
Abdulaziz Abdullah Al-Shaya – Chairman 
Mr. Al-Shaya is a well-known businessman who joined the Bank in 2009 and has more than 43 years of 
experience in the trading and real estate sectors; he manages a trading company in Kuwait. Mr. Al-Shaya is also 
Vice-Chairman of the Awtad Real Estate Company, KSCC (Kuwait), Vice-Chairman of the Orient Education 
Services Company, KSCC (Kuwait) and Vice-Chairman of Trustees – Algonquin College (Kuwait). Mr. Al-
Shaya holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from Kuwait University. 
Adel Abdul Wahab Al-Majed – Vice-Chairman and Group Chief Executive Officer (Executive) 
Mr. Al-Majed joined the Bank in August 2009 and has approximately 40 years of banking experience. During 
the course of his career, Mr. Al-Majed has worked for NBK, where he held several leadership positions 
including Deputy Chief Executive Officer and General Manager of the consumer banking group. Mr. Al-Majed 
is also Chairman of the board of BLME. Mr. Al-Majed graduated from the University of Alexandria with a 
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting and has attended various executive management development training 
programmes at several universities, including Harvard, Wharton, Stanford and other reputable institutions. 
Adnan Abdullah Al-Othman – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Othman is a well-known businessman who joined the Bank in 2016 and has more than 43 years of 
experience in the banking and real estate sectors; he owns a real estate company. Mr. Al-Othman is also a 
member of the Trustees of the Estate of the Late Abdullah Abdulatif Al-Othman (Kuwait) and a member of the 
Executive Committee for the Implementation of the Charity Project of the Late Abdullah Abdulatif Al-Othman

--- Page 202 ---
188 
 
(Kuwait). Mr Al-Othman holds a Bachelor’s degree in Industrial Engineering from Syracuse University in the 
United States of America. 
Fahad Ahmad Al-Fouzan – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Fouzan joined the Bank in 2020 and has more than 37 years of business experience including 31 years 
in the banking sector. He is currently the General Manager of Skills and Concepts Contracting Company, and 
previously held board director positions in various shareholding companies in Kuwait. He graduated from 
Kuwait University with a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting. 
Hazim Ali Al-Mutairi – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Mutairi joined the Bank in 2010 and has diverse experience of more than 29 years in the fields of 
financing, investments, and treasury. He is currently the Chief Executive Officer of CreditOne Kuwait Holding 
Company, a Board Director of Warba Insurance Company, KSPC (Kuwait), and a Board Director of the Idafa 
Holding Company, KSCC (Kuwait). He graduated from the American University Washington D.C. in the 
United States of America with a Bachelor’s degree in Finance. 
Mohamed Yousef Al-Saqer – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Saqer joined the Bank in 2019 and has more than 33 years of experience in business. Mr Al-Saqer is the 
Managing Partner of two trading companies in Kuwait. He graduated from Point Park University in the United 
States of America with a Bachelor’s degree in Public Administration. 
Waleed Ibrahim Al-Asfour – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Asfour joined the Bank in 2019 and has more than 38 years of experience in the real estate and financial 
sectors. Mr. Al-Asfour manages a real estate company and an investment company in Kuwait and previously 
was the Vice Chairman of Al-Wodouh Capital Holding Company, KSCC (Kuwait) and a Board Director of 
Shorooq for Medical Services Company, KSCC (Kuwait). He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Business 
Administration – Finance from Kuwait University. 
Waleed Mishari Al-Hamad – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Hamad joined the Bank in 2010 and has more than 31 years of experience, including 12 years in banking 
with the remainder of his experience in the investment sector. Mr. Al-Hamad is the Managing Director of a 
holding company in Kuwait, and Board Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Helvetia Arab Holding 
Company, KSCC (Kuwait). Mr. Al-Hamad holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics and a Master’s degree in 
Finance from California State Polytechnic University, Pomona in the United States of America. 
Waleed Abdullah Al-Houti – Director (Non-Executive) 
Mr. Al-Houti joined the Bank in 2019 and has approximately 41 years of experience in the financial sector and 
the oil sector. He is currently the Chairman of a Kuwaiti shareholding company, which invests in petroleum 
services, and was previously Chairman of Al-Dorra for Petroleum Services Company, KSCC (Kuwait) and Vice 
Chairman of Makamen for Oil and Gas Services Company (Saudi Arabia). Mr. Al-Houti holds a Bachelor’s 
degree in Business Administration – Finance from Kuwait University. 
Imran A. Ali – Director (Independent) 
Mr. Ali trained as an external auditor with Ernst & Young in the UK and has 40 years of experience in that field 
having served in five countries across three continents. He retired as the Middle East and North Africa assurance 
practice managing partner in Ernst & Young. Mr. Ali gained fellowship and is now a life member of the Institute 
of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales (ICAEW). 
Waleed Humoud Al-Ayadhi – Director (Independent)

--- Page 203 ---
189 
 
Mr. Al-Ayadhi possesses around 40 years of experience in the banking and insurance sectors. He is currently a 
Deputy CEO at a Kuwaiti takaful insurance company. Mr. Al-Ayadhi graduated from City University in USA 
with a Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration. 
The business address of each member of the Board is Al-Hamad Towers, P.O. Box 25507, Safat 13116, Kuwait. 
No member of the Board has any actual or potential conflict of interest between his duties to the Bank and his 
private interests and/or other duties. All members of the Board are independent in their judgement and decisions. 
Board committees 
The Board has established the five board committees, which are described below. The roles and authorities of 
each board committee are defined and delegated by the Board and are described in each committee’s charter. 
The chairperson of each board committee regularly reports to the Board on the performance of the activities of 
the respective board committee. 
Board Executive Committee 
The BEC comprises four Board Directors, and is headed by the Vice-Chairman and the Group CEO. The 
members of the BEC are not members of the BAC or the BRCC. The members of the BEC collectively possess 
experience in banking, business and credit financing and real estate. 
In accordance with the charter of the BEC, the BEC is required to meet at least six times a year. The main role 
of the BEC is to review and to approve limits and transactions relating to financing and investment activities as 
set out within the auditory matrices of the Bank. The BEC also reviews related policies. 
During 2021, the BEC met 19 times, on an approximately weekly basis. The Committee performed various 
activities, which included but were not limited to: 
• 
approving financing transactions in line with the approved authority limits; 
• 
recommending settlement and/or legal cases of corporate customers to the Board for approval; and 
• 
approving related party transactions and investment transactions within its authority limits. 
The members of the BEC are Mr. Adel Al-Majed (Chairperson), Mr. Hazim Al-Mutairi (Vice-Chairperson), Mr. 
Waleed Al-Asfour and Mr. Waleed Al-Houti. 
Board Nomination and Remuneration Committee (“BNRC”) 
The BNRC comprises four Board Directors who collectively have experience in banking, business and Islamic 
Shari’a. 
In accordance with the charter of the BNRC, the BNRC is required to meet at least four times a year. The main 
role of the BNRC includes the assessment of the nominees for the Board based on set criteria, the administration 
of the assessment of the Board, the revision of the remuneration policy, the assessment of the performance of 
executive management, and ensuring an appropriate employee succession plan. 
During 2021, the BNRC met four times. The activities of the BNRC included, but were not limited to, the 
following: 
• 
reviewing the proposed remuneration schemes and proposing recommendations to the Board; 
• 
administering the performance assessment of the Board; 
• 
conducting the performance assessment of the Fatwa & Shari’a Supervisory Board; 
• 
ensuring that performance assessment was conducted for executive management;

--- Page 204 ---
190 
 
• 
reviewing the employee succession plan; and 
• 
identifying training programmes to the Board. 
The members of the BNRC are Mr. Waleed Al-Ayadhi (Chairperson), Mr. Mohamed Al-Saqer (Vice-
Chairperson), Mr. Fahad Al-Fouzan, Mr. Hazim Al-Mutairi and Mr. Waleed Al-Hamad. 
Board Governance Committee (“BGC”) 
The BGC comprises four Board Directors who collectively have experience in banking, business and 
governance. The Chairman is the chairperson of the BGC. The BGC is required to meet at least twice a year. 
The main role of the BGC includes developing and updating the Bank’s governance manual, ensuring that the 
governance manual is adequately adhered to, reviewing the annual governance report and following up on 
governance-related recommendations and/or actions. 
During 2021, the BGC met twice in line with the minimum requirements. The BGC covered the following 
activities: 
• 
approving the governance report; 
• 
deliberating the governance review reports of the Corporate Governance Unit and following up on the 
status of respective actions; 
• 
following up on the implementation of the CBK Shari’a governance requirements; and 
• 
ensuring that the Board and Board Committees held an adequate number of meetings. 
The members of the BGC are Mr. Abdulaziz Al-Shaya (Chairperson), Mr. Adel Al-Majed (Vice-Chairperson), 
Mr. Fahad Al-Fouzan, Mr. Hazim Al-Mutairi and Mr. Imran A. Ali. 
Board Audit Committee 
The BAC comprises three Board Directors, who collectively have experience in banking, business, governance 
and audit. None of the BAC members is a member of the BEC. 
The BAC is required to meet at least on a quarterly basis and its main role includes: 
• 
reviewing the Bank’s internal audit charter and manual, and accounting policies; 
• 
assessing and recommending the appointment of external auditors; 
• 
reviewing the Group’s annual and quarterly financial statements; 
• 
providing support to the Shari’a internal and external audit, adopting the Shari’a internal and external 
audit plans and discussing the respective Shari’a internal and external audit reports; 
• 
approving the Bank’s internal audit plan, discussing the Bank’s internal audit reports, and following up 
on audit corrective actions; 
• 
providing support to the Internal Audit Group to ensure the fulfilment of its scope of work effectively 
and independently; and 
• 
approving the appointment and/or the resignation of the Chief Audit Executive of the Internal Audit 
Group, and assessing his annual performance. 
The BAC met seven times during 2021, including a meeting every quarter in line with the corporate governance 
regulatory requirements. The activities of the BAC included but were not limited to: 
• 
reviewing and approving the Bank’s internal audit plan;

--- Page 205 ---
191 
 
• 
discussing the Bank’s internal audit reports, management letters of external auditors, and the Group’s 
internal control review (“ICR”) report; 
• 
reviewing the Bank’s annual and quarterly financial statements; 
• 
approving the Bank’s accounting policies; 
• 
following up on the Bank’s internal audit, management letters, ICR and CBK observations and 
respective actions; 
• 
discussing the Shari’a internal audit reports; and 
• 
meeting external auditors and external Shari’a auditors. 
The members of the BAC are Mr. Imran A. Ali (Chairperson), Mr. Adnan Al Othman (Vice-Chairperson), Mr. 
Mohamed Al-Saqer and Mr. Waleed Al-Hamad. 
Board Risk Management and Compliance Committee 
The BRCC comprises three Board Directors. None of the BRCC members is a member of the BEC. 
In accordance with its charter, the BRCC meets at least four times a year, and reports on its activities to the 
Board on a periodic basis. 
The role of the BRCC includes: 
• 
assessing the risk appetite measures, risk strategy, and other risk-related measures, and making 
recommendations to the Board; and 
• 
reviewing and discussing risk management reports, including the capital adequacy ratio, internal capital 
adequacy assessment process (“ICAAP”), stress testing, and other risk assessment reports. 
During 2021, the BRCC met nine times. The activities of the BRCC included, but were not limited to, the 
following: 
• 
discussing the capital management plan; 
• 
reviewing and approving various policies including credit risk policy and corporate finance policy; 
• 
discussing quarterly risk profile reports; 
• 
reviewing periodic ICAAP and stress testing reports; 
• 
discussing risk asset review reports; 
• 
discussing activity reports pertaining to compliance and AML functions; and 
• 
monitoring business continuity during the COVID-19 pandemic. 
The members of the BRCC are Mr. Waleed Al-Ayadhi (Chairperson), Mr. Waleed Al-Hamad (Vice-
Chairperson), Mr. Adnan Al-Othman and Mr. Mohamed Al-Saqer. 
Executive management 
The Board delegates the implementation of the Bank’s adopted strategy and business plan to the executive 
management, which is headed by the Vice-Chairman and the Group CEO. The Bank’s executive management 
team comprises:

--- Page 206 ---
192 
 
Name and position 
 
Brief biography 
Adel Abdul Wahab Al-Majed 
Vice-Chairman and Group CEO 
 
Mr. Al-Majed joined the Bank in August 2009, and has 
approximately 40 years of banking experience. During 
the course of his career, Mr. Al-Majed has worked for 
NBK where he held several leadership positions, 
including Deputy Chief Executive Officer and General 
Manager – Consumer Banking Group. Mr. Al-Majed 
graduated from the University of Alexandria with a 
Bachelor’s degree in Accounting and has attended 
various 
executive 
management 
development 
programmes at several universities, including Harvard, 
Wharton, Stanford and other reputable institutions. 
Abdullah Abdulkareem Al-Tuwaijri 
Chief Executive Officer – Consumer, Private & 
Digital Banking 
 
Mr. Al-Tuwaijri joined the Bank in December 2011 and 
has more than 32 years of banking experience, including 
23 years of experience at NBK. During his time with 
NBK, Mr. Al-Tuwaijri held different leadership roles in 
retail banking in Kuwait and London, where his last 
position was Deputy General Manager – Consumer 
Banking 
Group. 
Mr. Al-Tuwaijri 
received 
his 
Bachelor’s degree in Finance from Kuwait University, 
and has attended several executive development 
programmes at Harvard Business School, INSEAD, and 
other reputable institutions. 
Abdul-Salam Mohammed Al-Saleh 
Chief Executive Officer – Corporate Banking, 
Financial Control, Treasury & Legal Affairs 
 
Mr. Al-Saleh joined the Bank in October 2012 and has 
more than 33 years of banking experience. Mr. Al-Saleh 
worked for 18 years at NBK, where he gained 
experience in financial control and corporate banking. 
His last position at NBK was the Head of Domestic 
Corporate Banking. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Al-
Saleh worked for over seven years for the National Bank 
of Abu Dhabi as the Regional Manager of its branch in 
Kuwait. Mr. Al-Saleh received his Bachelor’s degree in 
Finance from Kuwait University, and has attended 
various 
management 
and 
leadership 
training 
programmes over the course of his career. 
Waleed Khalid Al-Yaqout 
Group General Manager – Administration 
Group 
 
Mr. Al-Yaqout joined the Bank from NBK in February 
2010 and has approximately 40 years of banking 
experience. His last position at NBK was General 
Manager – Administration and Human Resources 
Group. Mr. Al-Yaqout graduated with a Bachelor’s 
degree in Business Administration and Marketing from 
the University of Ashland in the United States of 
America, and has participated in various executive 
management programmes at Harvard, Wharton, 
Stanford and Columbia.

--- Page 207 ---
193 
 
Name and position 
 
Brief biography 
Adel Abdullah Al-Hammad 
Group General Manager – Human Resources 
Group 
 
Mr. Al-Hammad joined the Bank in December 2006 and 
has more than 37 years of experience in human 
resources 
management, 
including 
23 
years 
of 
experience at NBK, where he held several key positions, 
the last of which was the Head of Human Resources. Mr. 
Al-Hammad graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in 
Economics from Kuwait University, and attended 
several executive training programmes at Harvard 
University and Stanford University. 
Abdullah Ahmed Al-Mehri 
Chief Operating Officer 
 
Mr. Al-Mehri joined the Bank in January 2019 and has 
approximately 21 years of experience in the banking 
sector. Prior to joining the Bank, he was head of the Off-
site Supervision Department at the Central Bank of 
Kuwait. He also previously worked as an Executive 
Manager at National Bank of Abu Dhabi in Kuwait and 
as a Senior Manager at National Bank of Kuwait. Mr. 
Al-Mehri holds a Bachelor’s degree in Accounting from 
the American University of Cairo and a Master’s degree 
in Business Administration from the Maastricht 
University in Kuwait and has attended various executive 
management development programmes at Harvard 
University. 
Abdullah Abdulmohsen Al-Mejhem 
Acting Chief – Private Banking and Consumer 
Banking 
 
Mr. Al-Mejhem joined the Bank in 2021 and has more 
than 20 years of experience in the banking sector and 
financial institutions. Prior to joining the Bank, he was 
the General Manager of Private Banking and Individual 
Finance at Kuwait Finance House. Also, he worked for 
Deloitte in Kuwait and for the Kuwait Investment 
Authority. He holds a Bachelor’s degree in accounting 
and a Master’s degree in business administration from 
Kuwait University. He has also attended various 
executive management development programmes. Mr. 
Al-Mejhem is a Chartered Accountant in Kuwait. 
Ashraf Abdallah Sewilam 
Group General Manager – Corporate Banking 
Group 
 
Mr. Sewilam joined the Bank in September 2013 and 
has over 27 years of experience in the banking sector. 
Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Sewilam was Chief 
Executive Officer of Al Rajhi Bank-Kuwait. He also 
previously held the position of the Chief Executive 
Officer of UBCI (a subsidiary of Ahli United Bank 
(AUB) in Libya) and was the Deputy Chief Executive 
Officer at AUB in Kuwait for the corporate and treasury 
divisions. Mr. Sewilam also worked for 10 years at 
NBK, where he progressed into several managerial 
positions, the last of which was as Executive Manager.

--- Page 208 ---
194 
 
Name and position 
 
Brief biography 
Mr. Sewilam holds a Bachelor’s degree in Economics 
from Cairo University. 
Abdul Rahman Hamza Mansour 
Chief Audit Executive – Internal Audit Group 
 
Mr. Hamza joined the Bank in 2006 and has 
approximately 40 years of professional experience with 
financial institutions. Prior to joining the Bank, he held 
a position as Audit Manager at the Kuwait Investment 
Authority and prior to this worked at the Al-Ahli Bank 
of Kuwait. Mr. Hamza holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
Accounting from Ain Shams University, Egypt, and he 
is a Certified Public Accountant (CPA), a Certified 
Internal Auditor (CIA) and a Certified Fraud Examiner 
(CFE). 
Mohamed Ibrahim Ismail 
Group General Manager – Financial Control 
Group 
 
Mr. Ismail joined the Bank in July 2005 and has 
approximately 25 years of banking and financial 
services experience. Mr. Ismail started his career as an 
external auditor with Deloitte & Touche and later with 
Ernst & Young. In the course of his career, he has 
worked at the Kuwait Finance House and Gulf 
Investment House. Mr. Ismail is a Certified Public 
Accountant and a Certified Internal Auditor, and holds a 
Master’s in Business Administration in Finance from 
Manchester Business School. 
Majed Fanous 
CRO 
 
Mr. Fanous joined the Bank in February 2018 and has 
over 33 years of experience in banking, risk 
management and financial regulation. Before joining the 
Bank, he was a lead partner of the Risk and Regulatory 
practices of Ernst & Young in the UK and the MENA 
region. Additionally, Mr. Fanous has also worked as a 
lead partner of the Finance and Performance 
Management department of Accenture’s UK and Ireland 
practice. Mr. Fanous holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
Accounting from Cairo University. 
Adel Rashad Al-Mutairi 
Treasurer 
 
Mr. Al-Mutairi joined the Bank in April 2015 and has 
over 17 years of experience in banking, with a focus on 
treasury services. Prior to joining the Bank, Mr. Al-
Mutairi was Vice-President of Treasury at Warba Bank. 
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Education – 
Mathematics and has attended executive management 
programmes at Wharton Business School and Harvard 
Business School. 
Noora Sulaiman Al-Fassam 
Chief Strategy Officer 
 
Ms. Al-Fassam joined the Bank in April 2019 and has 
over 21 years of experience in corporate finance and 
investment banking. Prior to joining the Bank, Ms. Al-
Fassam was the Chairman’s Consultant and Executive 
Vice President of Investment Banking at National

--- Page 209 ---
195 
 
Name and position 
 
Brief biography 
Investments Company K.C.S. Ms. Al-Fassam also 
previously worked in the investment banking team at 
NBK. Ms. Al-Fassam holds a Bachelor’s degree in 
Industrial Engineering and Management Systems and a 
Master’s degree in Business Administration from 
Kuwait University. 
Abdullah Khalifa Al- Nusef 
Chief Data & Information Technology Officer 
 
Mr. Al-Nusef joined the Bank in February 2016 and has 
more than 15 years of experience in the IT and 
Technology sector. Prior to joining the Bank, he was the 
head of the Technical Development Department at the 
Civil Service Commission Kuwait. He has worked in 
many national IT projects in the governmental sector. 
He holds a Bachelor’s degree in Electrical Engineering 
from the Kuwait University and a Master’s degree in 
Computer Communication from the Gulf University in 
Bahrain. 
He 
has 
attended 
various 
executive 
management development programmes provided by 
Wharton and Chicago Booth Schools. 
Osama Mohammed Shehab 
Chief Digital Officer 
 
Osama joined the Bank in May 2011 and has over 25 
years of banking experience in IT in general and modern 
FinTech in particular. Moreover, he occupied several IT 
positions at KFH where he spent over 14 years. He 
graduated from Ain Shams University and attended 
various 
executive 
management 
development 
programmes at London Business School and many other 
prestigious institutions. 
Mona Abdullatif Al Duaij 
Chief Compliance Officer 
 
Ms. Mona joined the Bank in 2005 and has since 
acquired many years of experience in the banking sector. 
She held many positions where she became in charge of 
the 
Sales 
and 
Distribution 
Channels 
Support 
Department before moving to the Compliance 
Department until she was appointed Head of the 
Compliance Group in 2021. She graduated from Kuwait 
University, the College of Business Administration - 
Finance Major in 2005, and then attended many 
specialised banking programmes and many other 
programmes abroad, such as KFAS 2018’s Innovation 
Program from UCLA and a Mini MBA from London in 
addition to attending various executive management 
development 
programmes 
at 
other 
prestigious 
institutions. 
The business address of each member of the executive management is Al Hamad Towers, P.O. Box 25507, Safat 
13116, Kuwait. No member of the Bank’s executive management has any actual or potential conflict of interest 
between his/her duties to the Bank and his/her private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 210 ---
196 
 
Management committees 
The Bank has a set of management committees to assist in fulfilling the duties and responsibilities of the 
executive management. The management committees derive their authorities primarily from the Vice-Chairman 
and the Group CEO, based on authorities and limits delegated by the Board of Directors. 
Management Executive Committee 
The MEC deals with all significant management level matters other than those handled by other management 
committees. The MEC meets whenever needed. 
Assets and Liability Management Committee 
The ALCO reviews the assets and liability composition of the Bank, liquidity risks, market risks, trends and 
their impact on the Bank. The ALCO meets on a monthly basis. 
Management Credit Committee 
The main objective of the MCC is to discuss and make decisions within its authorised limits on financing 
proposals submitted by the Bank’s business groups. The MCC usually meets on a weekly basis. 
Management Investment Committee (“MIC”) 
The MIC discusses and makes decisions within its authorised limits on investment proposals submitted by the 
relevant business groups. The MIC usually meets on a weekly basis. 
Provisions Committee (“PVC”) 
The PVC reviews and evaluates the outstanding investments and financing transactions for each customer to 
determine any issues or difficulties relating to the customer’s position that require the classification of such 
investments and financing transactions as irregular and hence determining the required provisions in accordance 
with CBK instructions and IFRS. The PVC meets at least once every quarter. 
EMPLOYEES 
The Bank’s human resources policy is designed to attract, retain and motivate high-calibre, professional, skilled 
and knowledgeable employees. The Bank protects and abides by the rights provided to employees, which 
include, but are not limited to: (i) a transparent working environment; (ii) employee talent management 
schemes; (iii) a transparent remuneration and compensation structure; and (iv) access to a “whistleblowing” 
policy (which enables all employees to raise concerns in good faith and confidence directly to top management). 
The Bank has developed a “Talent Development Program” to provide employees identified as possessing 
leadership potential with exposure to various departments within the Bank. In line with its commitment to 
develop and invest in its key “human capital” resources, the Bank collaborates with world-class universities to 
provide these employees with training in a wide range of leadership disciplines. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Bank employed 1,639 full-time staff compared to 1,530 full-time staff and 1,512 
full-time staff as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, respectively. 
The Bank is committed to identifying, attracting and developing Kuwaiti nationals in its workforce. The 
Government’s recommended policy is that not less than 70 per cent. of a bank’s total personnel should consist 
of Kuwaiti nationals. The Bank’s Kuwaitisation level as at 31 December 2021 was 78.84 per cent. and it is 
currently in compliance with all other applicable employment regulations.

--- Page 211 ---
197 
 
OVERVIEW OF KUWAIT 
Unless indicated otherwise, information in this section has been derived from Government publications. 
COUNTRY PROFILE 
Kuwait is a sovereign state on the coast of the Arabian Gulf, enclosed by Saudi Arabia to the south and south-
west and Iraq to the north and west. The total area of Kuwait is 17,818 square kilometres, which is divided into 
six Governorates (Al-Ahmadi, Al-'Asimah (the capital), Al-Farwaniyah, Al-Jahra', Hawalli and Mubarak Al-
Kabir). Each Governorate is headed by a governor, a representative of the Emir, who is supported by a council. 
Governors are usually members of the ruling family or close allies. Membership of the Governorate councils is 
by appointment. Each Governorate is divided into districts or areas and each district is headed by a mayor or 
chief (Mukhtar) who reports to Kuwait’s Ministry of Interior. The capital and administrative centre of Kuwait 
is Kuwait City, where the Government and most of the other state institutions are located. The official language 
in Kuwait is Arabic, but the use of English is widespread, especially in business transactions. Kuwait is a 
constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government and Kuwait City serves as the state’s 
political and economic capital. Kuwait has an open economy which is primarily dependent on its oil industry 
and is dominated by the government sector. Based on information from the KSB, Kuwait’s population was 
estimated to be approximately 4.35 million as at 1 January 2021 (of which Kuwaiti nationals accounted for 32 
per cent.). Kuwait has proven conventional crude oil reserves of 101,500 million barrels, the fifth-largest in the 
world (according to OPEC’s Annual Statistical Bulletin 2020). Kuwait was the world's eighth largest oil 
producer and eighth largest exporter for the year ended 31 December 2019, accounting for 3.6 per cent. of the 
world’s total oil production and 4.4 per cent. of the world's total oil exports for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (source: OPEC’s Annual Statistical Bulletin 2020). Kuwait's production levels were 2.7 million barrels 
per day on average for the year ended 31 December 2019 (source: OPEC’s Annual Statistical Bulletin 2020). 
As a founding member of OPEC, Kuwait’s oil production is subject to any agreements that are reached to limit 
oil production. In April 2020, Kuwait participated in the ‘OPEC plus’ agreement, and the subsequent extension 
in July 2020, to cut global oil production in response to the reduced demand for oil following the outbreak of 
COVID-19. 
POLITICAL OVERVIEW 
Kuwait is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government. The head of state, the Emir, 
appoints the Prime Minister, who leads a collective majority of elected members of parliament (the “National 
Assembly”) to form the government of Kuwait. The Prime Minister selects a cabinet of a maximum of 16 
members and at least one cabinet minister must be drawn from the National Assembly. The membership of the 
cabinet is subject to the approval of the Emir. The current National Assembly was elected on 5 December 2020 
for a four-year term. 
The current Emir is His Highness Sheikh Nawaf Al-Ahmed Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, with the current Crown Prince 
being His Highness Sheikh Meshal Al Ahmad Al-Sabah and the current Prime Minister being His Highness 
Sheikh Sabah Al- Khalid Al-Sabah. 
In terms of foreign relations and membership of international organisations, Kuwait, together with the Kingdom 
of Bahrain, the Sultanate of Oman, the State of Qatar, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab 
Emirates, form the GCC. Kuwait is also a member of OPEC and the United Nations. It is also a member of 
numerous international and multilateral organisations, including the IMF, the International Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, the World Trade Organization, the League of Arab States, the Organisation 
of the Islamic Conference, the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency and the United Nations Educational, 
Scientific and Cultural Organization.

--- Page 212 ---
198 
 
ECONOMIC OVERVIEW 
According to data from the IMF’s World Economic Outlook Database October 2021, Kuwait’s real GDP 
increased by 0.94 per cent. in comparison to 2021. Based on the Ministry of Finance’s Closing Accounts, 
Kuwait posted a budget surplus for 14 fiscal years through to 31 March 2014. However, due to lower oil prices 
since mid-2014, Kuwait has since realised a net budget deficit (after transfers to the Future Generations Fund) 
for the fiscal years ended 31 March 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
The IMF’s data indicates that inflation in Kuwait, on an average consumer price measure, was 1.1 per cent. in 
2019, 2.1 per cent. in 2020 and 3.2 per cent. in 2021. The IMF estimates that inflation in Kuwait will increase 
an additional 3 per cent. in 2022. 
The oil and oil products sector is the most significant contributor to Kuwait’s GDP. Oil and gas exports 
accounted for approximately 53.9 per cent. of Kuwait’s real GDP for the year ended 31 December 2020 
(according to the KSB). For the past several years, Kuwait has been focusing on the diversification of its 
economy by encouraging private sector participation and promoting foreign investment in non-oil sectors as 
articulated in the “New Kuwait 2035” plan. Based on provisional figured from the KSB, the non-oil sector of 
the economy (including oil refining) contributed approximately 46.1 per cent. of Kuwait’s real GDP in the year 
ended December 2020 and declined by 8.8 per cent. in real terms in the same time period from KD 18.2 billion 
to KD 16.6 billion. 
Kuwait is estimated to have total reserves (including gold) worth U.S.$52.9 billion as at 31 December 2020 
(according to the World Bank). In addition, Kuwait’s sovereign wealth fund, the Kuwait Investment Authority, 
which was launched in 1953 and is the oldest sovereign wealth fund in the GCC region, has approximately 
U.S.$693 billion of assets under management as at October 2021 according to data from Kuwait’s Ministry of 
Finance. 
DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY OF KUWAIT 
In 2010, the Government announced its new overall strategy for Kuwait’s future development to the year 2035 
known as “Kuwait Vision 2035”, which is based on three main themes: 
• 
recovering the pioneering regional role of Kuwait and transforming it into a financial and trade centre, 
attractive to investors, where the private sector plays the lead role in economic activity creating 
competition and promoting efficiency, with supportive national governmental institutions providing the 
adequate infrastructure, appropriate legislative framework and an inspiring business environment; 
• 
providing a climate for balanced human development, safeguarding social values and national identity 
and preserving the community’s values; and 
• 
strengthening the democratic system, respect for the Constitution, and the promotion of justice, political 
participation and freedom. 
The New Kuwait Plan 
On 30 January 2017, the Government updated its long-term development strategy under the slogan “New 
Kuwait 2035”. The New Kuwait Plan is based on the following seven thematic pillars and objectives: 
• 
public administration: reform administrative and bureaucratic practices to reinforce transparency, 
accountability and efficiency in the Government; 
• 
economy: develop a prosperous and diversified economy to reduce Kuwait’s dependency on oil 
revenues;

--- Page 213 ---
199 
 
• 
infrastructure: develop and modernise the national infrastructure to improve the quality of life for 
Kuwait’s citizens; 
• 
living environment: ensure the availability of accommodation through environmentally sound resources 
and tactics; 
• 
healthcare: improve service quality and develop national capabilities in the public healthcare system; 
• 
human capital: reform the education system to better prepare Kuwait’s youth to become competitive, 
productive and competent members of the workforce; and 
• 
global position: enhance Kuwait’s regional and global presence in spheres such as diplomacy, trade, 
culture and philanthropy. 
BANKING SECTOR IN KUWAIT 
According to IMF data, credit growth in Kuwait increased to 4.4 per cent. in the year ended 2019 compared to 
4.2 per cent. for the same period in 2018. This increase was primarily due to growth of 3.9 per cent. in credit 
extended in personal facilities and 9.3 per cent. in credit extended in real estate facilities. Credit facilities 
extended to non-bank financial institutions in Kuwait also increased by 9.0 per cent. during the period and credit 
extended to the trade sector decreased by 2.7 per cent. in the same period. Additionally, amended regulations 
issued by the CBK concerning the maximum limit of consumer loans (which raised the maximum limit of loans 
and Islamic financing for consumer purposes to 25 times the net monthly salary of the client subject to a 
maximum of KD 25,000) resulted in consumer loans increasing by 35.9 per cent. in the year ended 31 December 
2019 compared to the year ended 31 December 2018 which also contributed to the increase in credit growth, 
according to data published by the CBK. 
According to data published by the CBK, total deposits in Kuwait grew by 0.3 per cent. in the year ended 31 
December 2019, driven by growth in government deposits whereas private sector deposits fell by 1.7 per cent. 
in the same period. Taken from the CBK’s annual report of 2020/2021, private sector deposits with local banks 
increased by approximately 1.9 per cent. and the government deposits with local banks dropped by 3.6 per cent. 
In line with CBK requirements, the banking sector in Kuwait had a Basel III capital adequacy ratio of 18.5 per 
cent. as at 31 December 2019. In 2019, the banking sector’s non-performing loans (“NPLs”) coverage ratio 
was 270.6 per cent. with NPLs representing 1.8 per cent. of total loans compared to 1.6 per cent. as at 31 
December 2018. In 2019, local banks in Kuwait maintained high liquidity levels, with total bank liquid reserves 
(comprising cash, deposits with the CBK and CBK bonds and tawarruq) being KD 6.8 billion as at 31 December 
2019, equivalent to 9.6 per cent. of local banks’ total assets, compared to 9.3 per cent. as at 31 December 2018. 
According to CBK’s annual report of FY 2020/2021, local banks’ net profits for the year ending 31 December 
2020 was KD 495 million, representing a decrease of 48.7 per cent. from the profits recorded a year prior being 
KD 964 million.

--- Page 214 ---
200 
 
OVERVIEW OF BANKING AND FINANCE REGULATIONS IN KUWAIT 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF KUWAIT 
Kuwait’s monetary, banking and financial system is regulated and supervised by the CBK, which was formed 
by Law No. 32 of 1968 (the “Banking Law”). The CBK commenced operations on 1 April 1969. According to 
Article 15 of the Banking Law, its objectives are to:  
• 
issue currency on behalf of Kuwait; 
• 
secure the stability of the Kuwaiti dinar and its free convertibility into other currencies; 
• 
direct credit policy in order to contribute to Kuwait's social and economic progress and the growth of 
national income; 
• 
supervise the banking system in Kuwait; 
• 
serve as the Government’s bank; and 
• 
render financial advice to the Government. 
The CBK is managed by a board which is chaired by the Governor of the CBK. In addition to the Governor, 
this board comprises the Deputy Governor, a representative from each of the Ministry of Finance and the 
Ministry of Commerce and Industry (the “MOCI”) and four additional members, each of whom must be a 
Kuwaiti national and must be nominated by the Minister of Finance (after obtaining the approval of the Council 
of Ministers). Each of the four additional board members is drawn from expert practitioners in economics, 
finance or banking and is appointed by an Emiri Decree for three years. The Governor and the Deputy Governor 
are each appointed by decree for a five-year renewable term. 
The CBK is entrusted with the supervision of Kuwait’s banking system. Its supervisory authority covers an 
array of banking institutions, including conventional banks operating in Kuwait, Islamic banks, specialised 
banks, branches of foreign banks operating in Kuwait and a number of investment and exchange companies. 
Only banks licensed and regulated by the CBK are allowed to engage in the conduct of banking activities in 
Kuwait. In addition to the CBK’s supervisory responsibilities with respect to the various banking institutions it 
regulates and its role as the monetary authority, the CBK’s responsibilities include acting as lender of last resort 
to the banking sector and serving as banker and financial adviser to the Government. The CBK issues currency 
and directs relations with international institutions. The CBK, either directly or through other financial 
institutions, undertakes operations relating to the sale and management of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
Government, or issued in Kuwaiti dinar by any public organisation or institution. The CBK may purchase, sell, 
discount and rediscount government treasury bills and purchase and sell public debt securities issued and 
offered for sale by the Government. Islamic banks have been under CBK supervision since 2003. 
In its supervisory capacity, the CBK may at any time inspect banks, investment companies and other institutions 
subject to the CBK’s supervision, including branches, companies and banks that operate abroad that are 
subsidiaries of Kuwaiti banks. The CBK may issue instructions to banks as it deems necessary to realise its 
credit or monetary policy and to ensure the sound progress of the Kuwaiti banking system. The CBK is entitled 
to inspect any accounts, books, records, instruments and any other documents that it deems necessary for 
performing its supervisory role and may also request any other relevant data and information to be provided by 
any board member of any CBK-regulated institution. On completion of each inspection, the CBK issues a 
comprehensive report incorporating its recommendations of actions to be taken to address any issues identified 
during the inspection.

--- Page 215 ---
201 
 
CBK instructions cover a wide range of matters, including the liquidity system, maximum limits for credit 
concentration, credit facilities classification, interest and profit rate ceilings, the organisation of banks’ credit 
policy, the extension of consumer loans and financings and other instalment loans and financings, the extension 
of banking services, foreign exchange transactions and portfolio management (see further “– Certain Banking 
Regulations”). The CBK may impose penalties on any institution that fails to comply with an instruction. 
The National Assembly passed Law No. 30 of 2003 (concerning Islamic Banks) that amended the Banking Law 
to include a special section on the rules and regulations governing Islamic banks (the “Islamic Banking Law”). 
The Islamic Banking Law allows conventional Kuwaiti banks to practise Islamic banking activities through 
affiliates in which the principal bank owns at least 51 per cent. of the capital and shall maintain that percentage 
at all times after the establishment. The Islamic Banking Law further provides that each bank is allowed to 
establish one affiliate that has only one headquarters with a capital of not less than KD 15 million. The Islamic 
Banking Law also allows the CBK to introduce Islamic instruments to deal with Islamic banks in order to 
regulate banking liquidity. In conjunction with instructions issued to conventional banks, the CBK also issues 
separate instructions for Islamic banks. 
The CBK has also established a Financial Stability Office (the “FSO”), which aims to contribute to a sound 
financial system in Kuwait that is capable of withstanding financial and economic shocks by identifying key 
vulnerabilities in the financial system and suggesting appropriate corrective measures. The FSO publishes an 
annual "Financial Stability Report", covering key developments in the banking sector (which includes making 
an assessment of financial intermediation, analysing key risks in the banking sector and examining trends in 
banks' profitability, solvency and resilience against major shocks), domestic markets (which includes money, 
foreign exchange, equity and real estate markets) and the payment and settlement systems. The aim of 
publishing the "Financial Stability Report" is to identify risks to the stability of the financial system, to promote 
transparency and to encourage informed public discourse on various developments in the financial system. The 
FSO also prepares other analytical reports, for internal use on major developments and key risks in the banking 
sector and financial markets, making use of appropriate tools and techniques (such as stress testing) in early 
identification of vulnerabilities in the financial system. 
The Banking Law has allowed the CBK to make progress towards meeting international standards on the 
supervision and management of the country’s banking and financial system. Through the Banking Law, the 
CBK has the power to enter into memoranda of understanding with foreign authorities for the purposes of 
collaborative supervision. The CBK can also impose fines, limit activities, remove senior management, and 
appoint a controller or a commissioner, or both, to manage a financial institution under its supervision. 
CERTAIN BANKING REGULATIONS 
All banks operating within Kuwait are subject to the supervision of the CBK, which is the primary regulator of 
banks and financial institutions in Kuwait, whilst the CMA exercises supervisory authority over all Kuwaiti 
entities (including banks and financial institutions) which are listed on Boursa Kuwait or engage in securities 
activities as discussed further below. The CBK imposes the following regulations upon banks: 
Legal Form 
Only Kuwaiti shareholding companies and branches of foreign banks licensed by the CBK may engage in the 
business of banking. 
Liquidity 
Prior to April 2020, the CBK required banks to maintain 18 per cent. of their KD customer and government 
deposits in the form of liquid assets comprising balances with the CBK or, in the case of Islamic banks only, 
tawarruq placements or qualified financial instruments such as Sukuk issued by the Islamic Development Bank

--- Page 216 ---
202 
 
or governments of the GCC member countries (provided that the Sukuk are traded and are rated not less than 
BBB or equivalent). 
Bank liquidity in Kuwait is monitored using the maturity ladder approach, under which future cash inflows are 
compared with future cash outflows. The resulting liquidity mismatches are then examined in time bands against 
approved limits for each band. The relevant CBK instruction relating to liquidity establishes the elements to be 
included when calculating assets and liabilities for the purpose of determining liquidity. 
The CBK requires Kuwaiti banks to maintain a LCR and a NSFR in accordance with the requirements of the 
Basel III accord. The LCR represents a 30-day stress scenario with combined assumptions covering both bank-
specific and market-wide stresses. The LCR requirements were implemented in stages starting with 70 per cent. 
in 2016, 80 per cent. in 2017, 90 per cent. in 2018 and 100 per cent. on 1 January 2019 when the full LCR 
requirement came into effect. Reporting of the LCR was introduced from 1 January 2016. The NSFR is defined 
as the amount of available stable funding relative to the amount of required stable funding. This ratio is required 
to be equal to at least 100 per cent. on an ongoing basis. Full compliance with the NSFR requirement was 
effective from 1 January 2018 for all Kuwaiti banks until 2 April 2020 (see “Risk Management – Response to 
COVID-19 – The CBK’s response – Liquidity ratios”). In April 2020, as part of the measures implemented to 
support the Kuwaiti economy following the outbreak of COVID-19, the CBK decreased Kuwaiti banks’ 
liquidity ratio requirements from 18 per cent. to 15 per cent., their LCR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 
per cent. and their NSFR requirements from 100 per cent. to 80 per cent. Additionally, the CBK increased the 
limit for the maximum negative cumulative gap for liquidity and also increased the limit for the maximum 
permissible financing from 90 per cent. to 100 per cent. These measures imposed by the CBK remained valid 
until 31 December 2021. The CBK issued a press statement on 12 October 2021 in which it indicated its 
intention to initiate a gradual return to the pre-COVID-19 regulatory regime by easing the regulatory 
requirements and modifying some of its supervisory instructions with particular regard to the LCR and NSFR 
requirements. Such process is being implemented in two stages: the first stage has become effective on 1 
January 2022 and the second stage will be implemented on 1 January 2023. The applicable requirements as of 
1 January 2022 were as follows: the LCR requirement was increased to 90 per cent., the NSFR requirement 
was increased to 90 per cent., the liquidity ratio requirement was increased to 16.5 per cent., and the maximum 
permissible financing limit was decreased to 95 per cent. As of 1 January 2023, the applicable requirements 
will be as follows: the LCR requirement will be increased to 100 per cent., the NSFR requirement will be 
increased to 100 per cent., the liquidity ratio requirement will be increased to 18 per cent., and the maximum 
permissible financing limit will be decreased to 90 per cent. 
Credit Risk Regulations 
Loans/financings to deposit ratio 
Kuwaiti banks are restricted by the CBK from lending or financing amounts in excess of a prescribed percentage 
of qualifying deposits. With effect from October 2016 to April 2020, qualifying deposits exclude interbank 
deposits and an overall ratio of 90 per cent. is required to be maintained. As described above, the prescribed 
percentage was increased to 100 per cent. in April 2020 following the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Pursuant to the CBK press statement dated 12 October 2021 mentioned above, the prescribed percentage of 
qualifying deposits was reduced to 95 per cent. on 1 January 2022 and it will be further reduced to 90 per cent. 
on 1 January 2023. 
Investment limits 
The total value of the securities portfolio held by a Kuwaiti bank should not exceed 50 per cent. of the bank’s 
capital in its comprehensive concept, as defined under relevant CBK instructions. Further, the value of an 
investment in the securities of any one issuer should be the lower of 10 per cent. of the bank’s capital in its 
comprehensive concept or 10 per cent. of the issuer’s capital.

--- Page 217 ---
203 
 
Credit facility classifications 
The CBK requires banks operating in Kuwait to evaluate and classify their credit facilities into two categories 
(regular and irregular) on a periodic basis. The relevant CBK instructions specify the cases when a credit facility 
must be classified as “irregular” and include where: (i) payment of an instalment is not made; (ii) interest or 
profit is not paid on the maturity date; or (iii) the debit balance exceeds the drawing limits determined for the 
customer. 
Foreign exchange transactions 
Local banks may deal with foreign banks for foreign exchange transactions, may deposit Kuwaiti dinar with 
foreign banks and may enter into foreign exchange swap and other derivative transactions, including options, 
futures and forward contracts. 
Concentration Risk Regulations 
Maximum limit for credit concentration 
Subject to certain exceptions, or where prior CBK approval has been obtained, the total credit liabilities of any 
single customer (including its legally or economically associated entities) to a bank may not exceed 15 per cent. 
of the bank’s capital base. 
Clustering limit – total limit for large concentrations 
The aggregate of large credit concentrations (being concentrations which exceed 10 per cent. of a bank’s capital 
base), including any exceptions approved by the CBK, may not exceed four times a bank’s capital base. 
Consumer loans and financings 
The CBK’s instruction on “Buy Out and Top Up” issued in July 2015 provides that consumer and instalment 
financings granted to a bank’s customers can be utilised for the purpose of paying an existing consumer or 
instalment financing with another bank in Kuwait. In November 2018, the CBK amended the regulations on 
granting personal loans/financing. Taking into consideration changes in macroeconomic conditions and 
customer demographics, these amendments increased the single customer financing limited for both consumer 
loans and Islamic financing. In general, the maximum limit on consumer loans to a single customer is 25 times 
the net monthly salary (or continuous monthly income) of the customer, or KD 25,000, whichever is higher, 
and the maximum tenor for consumer loans is five years. An “instalment” loan is a long-term amortising 
personal loan intended for non-commercial purposes, in particular for repair or purchase of a private residence. 
The maximum limit on instalment loans to a single customer is KD 70,000 (the same customer is also entitled 
to the KD 25,000 maximum limit on any “consumer” loans bringing the total maximum single customer limit 
to KD 95,000). The maximum tenor for instalment loans is 15 years. A customer’s total consumer and instalment 
loans must not exceed 40 per cent. of that customer’s net annual salary. 
Extension of facilities for non-residents 
Local banks are permitted to extend credit facilities in KD to non-residents without the need for prior consent 
from the CBK only in connection with financing contracts awarded by government bodies in Kuwait whose 
value does not exceed KD 40 million and where the financing does not exceed 70 per cent. of the total value of 
the contract. In all other cases, CBK consent is required for financing to non-residents. 
Capital Adequacy Regulations 
On 24 June 2014, the CBK issued its final instructions (“Implementing Capital Adequacy Standards – Basel III 
– for conventional banks” and “Implementing Capital Adequacy Standards – Basel III – for Islamic banks”) 
(the “Basel III Instructions”) to conventional and Islamic banks in Kuwait.

--- Page 218 ---
204 
 
The Basel III reforms strengthen the quality of capital and introduce several buffer requirements in line with 
proposals made by the Basel Committee. The CBK Basel III framework consists of three pillars: 
• 
Pillar 1 provides a framework for measuring capital requirements for credit, operational and market risks 
under the “Standardised Approach”; 
• 
Pillar 2 relates to the supervisory review process and emphasises the importance of the ICAAP 
performed by banks; and 
• 
Pillar 3 aims to complement the above capital adequacy requirements under Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 by 
requiring banks to provide a consistent and understandable disclosure framework which facilitates 
comparison, thus enhancing the safety and soundness of the banking industry in Kuwait. 
The Basel III framework raised both the quality and quantity of the capital base and increased capital 
requirements for certain positions. The minimum requirements for capital are underpinned by a leverage ratio 
that serves as a backstop to the risk-based capital measures. There are also buffer requirements in the form of a 
capital conservation buffer, a countercyclical capital buffer and an additional surcharge for banks designated as 
domestic systemically important banks. 
The Basel III Instructions require that the terms and conditions of Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments issued by a 
licensed bank in Kuwait must contain a provision that permits such instruments to either be written-off or 
converted into common equity, as determined by the CBK, should a Trigger Event (as defined below) occur. 
Pursuant to the Basel III Instructions, a “Trigger Event” will have occurred if either of the following events 
occurs: 
• 
the issuing bank is instructed by its regulator to write-off or convert such instruments, on the grounds of 
non-viability; or 
• 
an immediate injection of capital is required, by way of an emergency intervention, without which the 
issuing bank would become non-viable. 
Notwithstanding the definition of Trigger Event set out above, the Conditions only allow for a Write-down (as 
defined in the Conditions), and not a conversion into ordinary shares, of the Certificates to take place following 
the occurrence of a Trigger Event. 
Local banks’ strong capital adequacy ratio levels, which are driven largely by high quality Tier 1 capital, 
underscore the strength of the Kuwaiti banking system in weathering major stress scenarios. 
Interest/Profit Rate Cap Regulations 
The CBK’s instruction to conventional banks provides that the maximum limits for such rates on KD financings 
to corporate borrowers should not exceed: 
• 
2.5 per cent. over the CBK’s discount rate in the case of commercial financings with a maturity of one 
year or less; and 
• 
4 per cent. over the CBK’s discount rate in the case of commercial financings exceeding one year. 
Interest and profit rates for housing and consumer loans and financings denominated in Kuwaiti dinar are 
currently capped at the CBK discount rate plus 3 per cent. for each block of five years. Such rates may be 
adjusted by no more than plus or minus 2 per cent. for each subsequent block of five years. 
While these regulations pertain to conventional banks they effectively set the rate environment in which all 
banks, including Islamic banks, operate and compete.

--- Page 219 ---
205 
 
Interest and profit rates for loans and financings in currencies other than the Kuwaiti dinar are not regulated by 
the CBK. 
Other CBK Instructions 
Management of third parties’ portfolios 
Instructions apply to portfolios managed by banks and investment companies for the account of third parties 
and invested in foreign securities and other financial instruments. 
Shari’a Supervisory Board 
Islamic banks in Kuwait must have a Shari’a supervisory board, which must have a minimum of three members. 
The Shari’a supervisory board is responsible for determining the Shari’a compliance of bank products and 
transactions. The board of directors of an Islamic bank must implement the directives of the Shari’a supervisory 
board regarding Shari’a compliance. 
Corporate Governance 
On 10 September 2019, the CBK issued updated instructions for the “Rules and Regulations of Corporate 
Governance in Kuwaiti Banks” (the “Corporate Governance Instructions”) which apply to all banks in 
Kuwait. The Corporate Governance Instructions provide principles that should be followed and applied by 
Kuwaiti banks in order to ensure proper governance. These include ensuring the independence of the board, 
setting a strategy, having a clear risk policy, protecting the interests of depositors and conducting business in a 
safe manner. The Corporate Governance Instructions require each bank to produce a governance manual (which 
must be approved by the bank’s board) and to establish a governance committee to ensure the execution of the 
governance manual. Additionally, this year, the Corporate Governance Instructions highlighted the issue of 
cybersecurity risk for banks. 
The Corporate Governance Instructions were amended by the CBK on 10 September 2019 to require the 
existence of independent directors in the composition of a banks’ board of directors and its board committees. 
Effective on 30 June 2020, a bank’s board must comprise no less than 11 board members, two of whom must 
be deemed “independent” but in no circumstance should the independent board members occupy more than 
half of the board seats. Another two independent board members are to be included to the overall composition 
of a bank’s board by 30 June 2022 to provide a total of four independent board members from the, at least, 11 
board members. 
The Corporate Governance Instructions provide principles that should be applied by Kuwaiti banks in order to 
ensure proper governance. They comprise nine pillars that cover, amongst other things, board composition, 
independent board members, risk management governance, compliance governance, cyber security, disclosure 
and transparency, remuneration policies and systems and overall protection of shareholder and stakeholder’s 
rights. The Corporate Governance Instructions require each bank to adopt a corporate governance manual and 
establish a corporate governance committee, tasked with devising an overall framework for the adherence to 
the governance manual. 
The Corporate Governance Instructions define the role of a bank’s board, the executive management (which is 
to include the chief executive officer), the risk committee, the internal and external audit committee, and any 
other committees that have an active role in the business of the bank. The Corporate Governance Instructions 
also require each bank to adopt a disclosure and transparency policy (covering topics including material 
information that may affect the relevant bank’s financial position, changes to its management, board or 
shareholding structure).

--- Page 220 ---
206 
 
The Bank’s Board has adopted and implemented internationally accepted as well as local corporate governance 
practices, including the Corporate Governance Instructions (see further “Management and Employees – 
Management – Corporate governance framework”). 
Other CBK Guidelines 
The CBK has also issued instructions containing guidelines relating to, among other matters: (i) post-dated 
cheques; (ii) banks’ credit policy ratios; (iii) verification of the purpose of credit facilities granted to customers; 
(iv) collateral to be granted by customers against credit facilities; (v) the provision of facilities for trading in 
shares listed on the Boursa Kuwait; (vi) the protection of customers; (vii) special needs of customers; and (viii) 
anti-money laundering and combating the financing of terrorism. 
APPLICATION OF CBK REGULATIONS TO THE BANK 
The Bank is incorporated as a public shareholding company in Kuwait. The Bank is licensed by the CBK to 
conduct banking activities and operates under its supervision. The Bank is also listed on Boursa Kuwait. As a 
Kuwaiti shareholding company, the Bank must have a valid commercial licence issued by the MOCI to perform 
its banking activities. The MOCI issued commercial licence is renewable every four years. The Bank’s 
commercial licence was last renewed on 12 July 2020 and expires on 11 July 2024. The Bank has no reason to 
believe that its commercial licence will not be renewed by the MOCI for future periods. 
The CBK acts as lender of last resort to all of the Kuwaiti banks. As a financial institution, the Bank is required 
to submit various periodic and one-off reports to the CBK in a format prescribed by it. The CBK also conducts 
periodic inspections of banking and financial institutions (banks, investment companies, money exchange 
companies and mutual funds) which are subject to its supervision in order to ascertain their financial 
sustainability and their adherence to their constitutional by-laws. These inspections may be in the form of a 
specific inspection or a full audit of all activities. The CBK’s most recent inspections of the Bank were initiated 
on 26 April 2021 on the Bank’s activities and 4 October 2021 on banknotes. As of the date of this Prospectus, 
both inspections are still ongoing. 
In addition, the Bank is also regulated by the CMA due to it being a publicly traded company with shares listed 
on Boursa Kuwait and conducts some of the “Securities Activities” listed in Module 5 article 1-2 of the CMA 
bylaws. 
BANKING SYSTEM 
As at 31 December 2021, the Kuwaiti banking sector comprised 22 banks, including five conventional banks, 
one specialised bank, five Shari’a-compliant local banks, branches of 10 international conventional banks and 
a branch of a Saudi Arabian Shari’a-compliant bank. 
The Kuwait banking sector has experienced increased competition and diversification from the entry of 
international banks establishing branches in Kuwait, following the promulgation of Law No. 28 of 2004 
amending certain provisions of Law No. 32 of 1968. As at 30 September 2021, the total assets of local banks in 
the Kuwaiti banking sector amounted to KD 76.0 billion and the total loans by such banks to Kuwaiti residents 
amounted to KD 41.6 billion (source: CBK).

--- Page 221 ---
207 
 
The key performance indicators of the major Kuwaiti banks for the nine months ended 30 September 2021 are 
set out below (source: interim financial statements and investor materials published on the company website of 
each bank listed below). 
Cost to 
income
ratio
Growth in 
total
assets(1)
Growth in 
customer
deposits(2)
Return on
assets(3)
Return on
equity(4)
Earnings
per share
(%) 
(fils) 
Ahli United Bank (K.S.C.P) ................. 
38.3%
2.5
4.1
0.85
0.15
11.8
Al-Ahli Bank of Kuwait (K.S.C.P) ....... 
46.7%
7.7
8.3
0.65
4.35
9
The Group 
45.9%
13.6
6.7
0.6
6.8
9.3
Burgan Bank (K.P.S.C.) ....................... 
42.1%
-2.0
6.2
0.85
6.65
13.4
Commercial Bank of Kuwait (K.S.C.) .. 
30.6%
-4.4
-12.6
1.35
7.45
20.8
Gulf Bank (K.S.C.P) ............................. 
47.1%
3.5
3.0
0.65
5.75
9
National Bank of Kuwait (S.A.K.P.) .... 
37.3%
8.2
-0.7
1.1
9.6
33
Kuwait International Bank (K.S.C.) ...... 
59.5%
2.7
14.6
0.25
1.9
1.2
Kuwait Finance House (K.S.C.) ........... 
38.3%
2.2
4.5
1.3
11.8
20.1
Warba Bank (K.S.C.) ............................ 
32.3%
3.3
3.4
0.4
3.7
2.7
 
Notes: 
 
(1) 
Growth in total assets as at 30 September 2021 minus total assets as at 31 December 2020 divided by total assets as at 31 December 2020. 
(2) 
Growth in customer deposits as at 30 September 2021 minus customer deposits as at 31 December 2020 divided by customer deposits as 
at 31 December 2020. Customer deposits do not include interbank deposits. 
(3) 
Referred to as “Return on Average Assets” or “Return on Assets” within investor materials of the above-mentioned banks. 
(4) 
Referred to as “Return on Average Equity” or “Return on Equity” within investor materials of the above-mentioned banks. 
(5) 
As at the date of this Prospectus, this information is not publicly available, calculated by Boubyan Bank. 
(6) 
NBK balance sheet growth figures are adjusted to exclude Boubyan Bank. 
 
DEPOSIT GUARANTEE LAW 
The Government passed Law No. 30 of 2008 regarding the guarantee of deposits held with local banks (the 
“Deposit Guarantee Law”). Under the Deposit Guarantee Law, the Government has undertaken to guarantee 
the principal (but not interest or profit) of all deposits held with local banks in Kuwait, including savings 
accounts and current accounts.

--- Page 222 ---
208 
 
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Transaction Documents and is qualified in its 
entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Transaction Documents. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents will be available for inspection and/or collection as set out under “General 
Information – Documents Available”. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the same meanings in this section.  
Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement will be entered into on 18 February 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity 
as purchaser, the “Purchaser”) and the Bank (in its capacity as seller, the “Seller”) and will be governed by 
Kuwaiti law. A Supplemental Purchase Agreement between the same parties will be entered into on the Issue 
Date of each Tranche and will also be governed by Kuwaiti law. 
Pursuant to each Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Seller will irrevocably and unconditionally sell, 
transfer and assign to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will purchase from the Seller all of: (i) (on the issue date 
of the first Tranche of a Series) the relevant Initial Assets and (ii) (on each date on which any additional 
Certificates are issued) the relevant Additional Assets, in each case, together with all of the Seller’s rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under such Initial Assets or Additional Assets, 
as the case may be. 
Service Agency Agreement 
The Service Agency Agreement will be entered into on 18 February 2022 between the Trustee and the Bank (in 
its capacity as service agent, the “Service Agent”) and will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Service Agency Agreement, the Trustee will appoint the Service Agent to service the Wakala 
Portfolio relating to each Series. In particular, the Service Agent will, in relation to each Series, undertake to 
perform, amongst other things, the following services (the “Services”) on behalf of the Trustee, during the 
Wakala Ownership Period: 
(a) 
it will service the Wakala Portfolio in accordance with the wakala services schedule (the “Wakala 
Services Schedule”) (the form of which is set out in the schedule to the Service Agency Agreement), 
which shall be completed by the Service Agent at the time of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant 
Series upon receipt from the Trustee of the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement; 
(b) 
if the Trustee issues an additional Tranche, it shall as soon as practicable after such issuance amend the 
Wakala Services Schedule for that Series to take into account the issuance of such additional Tranche; 
(c) 
it shall ensure that, at all times on or following the Issue Date of the first Tranche of a Series, the 
Tangibility Ratio shall be more than 50 per cent. and if, at any time, the Tangibility Ratio falls: 
(i) 
to 50 per cent. or less (but is 33 per cent. or more), the Service Agent shall take any and all steps 
as may be required by the Bank’s Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board to ensure such Tangibility 
Ratio is restored to more than 50 per cent. within the time period determined by the Bank’s Fatwa 
and Shari’a Supervisory Board; and  
(ii) 
below 33 per cent. (such event, being a “Tangibility Event”), within 10 Business Days of the 
Service Agent becoming aware of the occurrence of the Tangibility Event, the Service Agent shall 
send a Tangibility Event Notice notifying the Trustee and the Delegate of such occurrence and

--- Page 223 ---
209 
 
requesting the Trustee to promptly deliver a notice to the Certificateholders (a “Delisting 
Notice”) in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), specifying: 
(A) 
that a Tangibility Event has occurred, together with an explanation of the reasons for, and 
evidence of, such occurrence; 
(B) 
that, as determined in consultation with the Bank’s Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board, 
the Certificates shall only be tradeable in accordance with the Shari’a principles of debt 
trading;  
(C) 
that, on the Tangibility Event Delisting Date, the Certificates will be delisted from any 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Certificates have been admitted to trading; and 
(D) 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Period, during which period any Certificateholder shall 
have the option to require the redemption of all or any of its Certificates. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the parties acknowledge that, save for a failure by the Service Agent to 
deliver the Tangibility Event Notice in accordance with clause 3.1.3(ii) of the Service Agency Agreement 
(which shall constitute an Obligor Event in accordance with limb (b) of the definition thereof), a failure 
by the Service Agent to comply with the above obligations shall not constitute a Dissolution Event;  
(d) 
if at any time there are Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues, to the extent that the Bank has Eligible 
Assets available for sale to the Trustee, the Service Agent may notify the Trustee: 
(i) 
that there are amounts standing to the credit of the Principal Collection Account which can be 
used by the Trustee for the purposes of purchasing the Eligible Assets as selected by the Bank 
(the “New Wakala Assets”) (for a purchase price not greater than the Value of such Eligible 
Assets) (the “New Wakala Asset Purchase Price”); and 
(ii) 
of the details and Value of the New Wakala Assets; 
(e) 
it shall do all acts and things (including execution of such documents, issue of notices and 
commencement of any proceedings) that it considers (and without the need for the consent of the Trustee) 
reasonably necessary to ensure the assumption of, and compliance with, by each Asset Obligor, its 
covenants, undertakings and other obligations under the Asset Contract to which it is a party in 
accordance with the terms thereof and applicable law; 
(f) 
it shall discharge or procure the discharge of all obligations to be discharged by the Bank (in whatever 
capacity) in respect of all Asset Contracts relating to the Wakala Assets of each Series, it being 
acknowledged that the Service Agent may appoint one or more agents to discharge these obligations on 
its behalf; 
(g) 
it shall pay on behalf of the Trustee any actual costs, expenses, actual losses and taxes which would 
otherwise be payable by the Trustee as a result of the Trustee’s ownership of the Wakala Portfolio, and 
such actual costs, expenses, actual losses and taxes shall be reimbursed in accordance with the terms of 
the Service Agency Agreement; 
(h) 
it shall use all reasonable endeavours to ensure the timely receipt of all Wakala Portfolio Revenues (free 
and clear of, and without withholding, retention or deduction for, taxes), investigate non-payment of 
Wakala Portfolio Revenues and generally make all reasonable efforts to collect or enforce the collection 
of such Wakala Portfolio Revenues as and when the same shall become due so that the Wakala Portfolio 
Income Revenues in respect of each Wakala Distribution Period are at least equal to the expected return 
to be generated by the Wakala Portfolio on a periodic basis and shall record such Wakala Portfolio 
Revenues in the Collection Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement;

--- Page 224 ---
210 
 
(i) 
it shall maintain the Collection Accounts in accordance with the terms of the Service Agency Agreement; 
(j) 
it shall obtain all necessary licences, authorisations and consents in connection with any of the Wakala 
Assets and its obligations under or in connection with the Service Agency Agreement; 
(k) 
if any Wakala Asset comprised in the Wakala Portfolio of the relevant Series ceases to be an Eligible 
Asset (the occurrence of such event or circumstance being an "Impaired Wakala Asset Event"), it shall: 
(i) notify the Trustee of such event and provide details of the relevant Impaired Wakala Assets; and (ii) 
notify the Trustee of the availability (if any), together with all necessary details, of any Eligible Assets 
available for sale to the Trustee in replacement of the relevant Impaired Wakala Asset(s), to enable the 
Trustee to exercise its right under the Purchase Undertaking in respect of such Impaired Wakala Asset(s), 
provided that any such substitution shall otherwise be undertaken in accordance with, and subject to, the 
conditions of the Service Agency Agreement and the Purchase Undertaking; and 
(l) 
it shall carry out any incidental matters relating to any of the above. 
The Service Agent shall provide the Services in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and with 
the degree of skill and care that it would exercise in respect of its own assets and shall service the Wakala 
Portfolio relating to each Series in accordance with Shari’a principles as laid down by the Fatwa and Shari’a 
Supervisory Board of the Bank. 
Upon receipt of the notification from the Service Agent referred to in paragraph (d) above, the Trustee shall 
pay, or procure the payment by the Service Agent of, the New Wakala Asset Purchase Price to, or to the order 
of, the Bank against the sale, transfer, assignment and conveyance to, or for the benefit of, the Trustee of all of 
the Bank’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the New Wakala 
Assets. Such New Wakala Assets so acquired by or on behalf of the Trustee shall form part of the Wakala 
Portfolio, in respect of which the Bank and the Service Agent shall provide certain representations and 
warranties on the date of such acquisition as set out in the Service Agency Agreement. It is acknowledged and 
agreed by the Trustee, the Service Agent and the Bank that such acquisition of such New Wakala Assets is 
conditional upon the Bank being able to make the representations and warranties as set out in the Service 
Agency Agreement. Each of the Trustee, the Service Agent and the Bank agrees that the payment of the New 
Wakala Asset Purchase Price referred to above shall be effected by the creation of a ledger entry by the Service 
Agent (on behalf of the Trustee) debiting the amount of the New Wakala Asset Purchase Price from the Principal 
Collection Account which shall satisfy in full the Trustee's obligation under the relevant provision of the Service 
Agency Agreement.  
The acquisition of New Wakala Assets pursuant to the above will be effected by way of a purchase agreement 
substantially in the form of the Supplemental Purchase Agreement.  
The Service Agent undertakes, in relation to each Series, that it shall keep and maintain all documents, books, 
records and other information reasonably necessary or advisable for the collection of all amounts due in respect 
of the Wakala Portfolio Revenues. 
The Service Agent undertakes, in relation to each Series, that it shall at all times during the Wakala Ownership 
Period (i) maintain actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all of the Wakala Assets comprising 
the Wakala Portfolio in accordance with the terms of the relevant Asset Contract and (ii) ensure the Wakala 
Portfolio is comprised of at least one Wakala Asset. 
The Service Agent shall also be deemed to represent and warrant to the Trustee on each Issue Date that none of 
the Asset Contracts relating to the Wakala Assets comprising the relevant Wakala Portfolio contain any terms 
that restrict the Bank from maintaining actual or constructive possession, custody or control of the relevant 
Wakala Assets.

--- Page 225 ---
211 
 
The parties to the Service Agency Agreement have agreed and confirmed that the Service Agent shall have no 
investment agency responsibilities and shall not undertake any investment activities (including any 
discretionary investment responsibilities with respect to monies received by it pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents or any discretionary substitution of a Wakala Asset), and shall not undertake any investment 
activities, in each case with respect to its appointment as agent of the Trustee under the Service Agency 
Agreement and is not permitted to trade in the Wakala Assets save, in all cases, as provided for in the Transaction 
Documents. 
The Service Agent shall be entitled to receive a fee for acting as Service Agent which will comprise a fixed fee 
of U.S.$100 (the receipt and adequacy of which will be acknowledged by the Service Agent under the Service 
Agency Agreement) and may also receive incentive payments as described below. 
In relation to each Series, the Service Agent will maintain the Income Collection Account, the Principal 
Collection Account and the Reserve Account in its books (each of which shall be denominated in the Specified 
Currency) in which all Wakala Portfolio Revenues will be recorded. All Wakala Portfolio Revenues in relation 
to each Series will be recorded: 
(a) 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues, in the Income 
Collection Account; and 
(b) 
to the extent that any such amounts comprise Wakala Portfolio Principal Revenues, in the Principal 
Collection Account. 
Amounts standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account relating to each Series will be applied by the 
Service Agent on each “Wakala Distribution Determination Date” (being the Payment Business Day 
immediately prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series) in the 
following order of priority: 
(a) 
first, in repayment to the Bank or any relevant third party of any amounts advanced by it to the Trustee 
by way of a Liquidity Facility; 
(b) 
second, in payment to the Service Agent of any due but unpaid Service Agency Liabilities Amounts in 
respect of the Wakala Distribution Period ending immediately before the immediately following 
“Wakala Distribution Date” (being the date which corresponds with the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date under the Certificates of the relevant Series) and (if applicable) any Service Agency Liabilities 
Amounts for any previous Wakala Distribution Period that remain unpaid; 
(c) 
third, in payment into the relevant Transaction Account of an amount equal to the lesser of the Required 
Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date and the balance of the Income 
Collection Account; and 
(d) 
fourth, in the case of any amounts still standing to the credit of the Income Collection Account 
immediately following payment of all of the above amounts by debiting from the Income Collection 
Account and crediting to the Reserve Account such amounts. 
If, there is a shortfall on a Wakala Distribution Determination Date (after payment into the Transaction Account 
of the relevant amount as described above) between (i) the amount standing to the credit of the Transaction 
Account; and (ii) the Required Amount payable on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date (the 
difference between such amounts being referred to as a “Shortfall”), amounts standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account (if any) shall be applied by the Service Agent by payment into the Transaction Account of an 
amount equal to the Shortfall (or such lesser amount as is then standing to the credit of the Reserve Account). 
If, following payment of amounts standing to the credit of the Reserve Account as described above, a Shortfall 
remains on any Wakala Distribution Determination Date, the Bank may either (A) provide Shari’a compliant

--- Page 226 ---
212 
 
funding to the Trustee itself, or (B) procure the provision to the Trustee of Shari’a compliant funding from a 
third party, in each case, to the extent necessary to ensure that the Trustee receives, on each Wakala Distribution 
Determination Date, the Required Amount payable by it in accordance with the Conditions of the relevant Series 
on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date, by payment of the same into the Transaction Account 
and on terms that such funding is to be settled (i) from Wakala Portfolio Income Revenues, or (ii) on the relevant 
Dissolution Date (such funding in relation to a Series, a “Liquidity Facility”). 
The Service Agent has agreed in the Service Agency Agreement that all payments by it under the Service 
Agency Agreement must be made in the Specified Currency and without any withholding, retention or 
deduction for, or on account of, any taxes unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind. If there is any such withholding, retention or deduction, the Service Agent will pay all additional amounts 
as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no 
withholding, retention or deduction had been made. 
The Service Agent has undertaken in the Service Agency Agreement that any payment obligations of the Service 
Agent under the Service Agency Agreement will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the 
Service Agent and shall (save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to 
the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)), at all times rank at least 
equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Service Agent from 
time to time outstanding. 
Purchase Undertaking 
The Purchase Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 18 February 2022 by the Bank in favour of the Trustee 
and the Delegate and will be governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, the Bank will irrevocably grant to the Trustee and the Delegate (in each case, for and 
on behalf of the Certificateholders) each of the following rights: 
(a) 
provided that a Dissolution Event has occurred and is continuing, to require the Bank to purchase on the 
Dissolution Event Redemption Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, 
present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprised in the Wakala Portfolio applicable to 
such Series at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise Notice; 
(b) 
to require the Bank to purchase, on the Scheduled Dissolution Date, all of the Trustee’s rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprised in 
the Wakala Portfolio applicable to such Series at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise 
Notice; 
(c) 
provided that (i) Certificateholder Put Right is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (and 
Optional Dissolution Right is specified as not applicable in each applicable Final Terms) and (ii) one or 
more Certificateholders have exercised the Certificateholder Put Right in accordance with the 
Conditions, to require the Bank to purchase on the Certificateholder Put Right Date all of the Trustee’s 
rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the applicable portion 
of the Wakala Assets at the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise 
Notice;  
(d) 
provided that (i) a Tangibility Event has occurred and (ii) one or more Certificateholders have exercised 
the Tangibility Event Put Right in accordance with the Conditions, to require the Obligor to purchase on 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements,

--- Page 227 ---
213 
 
present and future, in, to and under the Tangibility Event Put Right Wakala Assets at the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise Notice; and 
(e) 
provided that the Trustee has received notice, or otherwise becomes aware, of the occurrence of an 
Impaired Wakala Asset Event in accordance with the terms of the Purchase Undertaking or the Service 
Agency Agreement, to require the Bank to assign, sell, transfer and convey to the Trustee on the 
substitution date all of the Bank’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, 
to and under the new Wakala Assets against the assignment, transfer and/or conveyance to the Bank of 
all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under 
the Impaired Wakala Assets, subject to certain conditions set out in the Purchase Undertaking, 
in each case, on an “as is” basis but free and clear of any Adverse Claim (without any warranty express or 
implied and if any warranty is implied by law, it shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law) and 
otherwise on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Purchase Undertaking. 
The Bank has covenanted and undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that, in relation to each Series: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the Bank (acting in any capacity) is in actual or constructive possession, custody or control 
of all or any part of the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio, the Certificateholder Put Right 
Wakala Assets or the Tangibility Event Put Right Wakala Assets, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking, the relevant Exercise Price, Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or Tangibility Event 
Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking for any reason whatsoever, 
the Bank shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee 
for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates or the relevant Certificates to be redeemed 
on the Certificateholder Put Right Date or the Tangibility Event Put Right Date, as the case may be, and, 
accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be. Payment of an amount equal to the relevant Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price 
or the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may be, into the Transaction Account in 
accordance with the Purchase Undertaking shall (i) evidence the acceptance by the Bank of the Exercise Notice 
delivered in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the conclusion of the transfer of 
the Trustee's title, rights, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets 
comprising the Wakala Portfolio, the Certificateholder Put Right Wakala Assets or the Tangibility Event Put 
Right Wakala Assets and (ii) constitute full discharge of the obligation of the Bank to pay the Exercise Price or 
the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price or the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price, as the case may 
be, to the Trustee (for the benefit of the Certificateholders). 
The Bank has agreed in the Purchase Undertaking that all payments by it under the Purchase Undertaking must 
be made in the Specified Currency and without any withholding, retention or deduction for, or on account of, 
any taxes unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any kind. If there is any such 
withholding, retention or deduction, the Bank will pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding, retention or deduction had 
been made.  
The Bank has undertaken in the Purchase Undertaking that any payment obligations of the Bank under the 
Purchase Undertaking are and will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Bank and shall

--- Page 228 ---
214 
 
(save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable legislation and subject to the negative pledge 
provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)), at all times rank at least equally with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank from time to time outstanding. 
Sale and Substitution Undertaking 
The Sale and Substitution Undertaking will be executed as a deed on 18 February 2022 by the Trustee in favour 
of the Bank and will be governed by English law. 
In relation to each Series, the Trustee will irrevocably grant to the Bank each of the following rights: 
(a) 
provided that a Tax Event has occurred, to require the Trustee to sell, assign, transfer and convey to the 
Bank on the Early Tax Dissolution Date specified in the Exercise Notice all of the Trustee’s rights, title, 
interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprised in 
the Wakala Portfolio applicable to such Series at the Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise 
Notice; 
(b) 
provided that Optional Dissolution Right is specified as applicable in each applicable Final Terms (and 
Certificateholder Put Right is specified as not applicable in each applicable Final Terms), to require the 
Trustee to sell, assign, transfer and convey to the Bank on the Optional Dissolution Date all of the 
Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the 
applicable portion of the Wakala Assets at the Optional Dissolution Exercise Price specified in the 
relevant Exercise Notice; 
(c) 
following delivery of the Registered Certificate(s) representing the cancelled Certificates to the Registrar 
for cancellation pursuant to Condition 9(h) (Cancellation), to require the Trustee to assign, transfer and 
convey to the Bank on the cancellation date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and 
entitlements, present and future, in, to and under the cancellation Wakala Assets subject to certain 
conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking;  
(d) 
to require the Trustee to assign, transfer and convey to the Bank on the substitution date all of the 
Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under, the 
substituted Wakala Assets against the sale, assignment, transfer and conveyance to the Trustee of all of 
the Bank’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, in, to and under, the new 
Wakala Assets subject to certain conditions set out in the Sale and Substitution Undertaking; and 
(e) 
if 75 per cent. or more of the aggregate face amount of Certificates of a Series have been redeemed 
pursuant to Condition 9(e) (Dissolution at the Option of the Certificateholders (Tangibility Event Put 
Right)), to require the Trustee to sell, assign, transfer and convey to the Bank on the Clean Up Call 
Dissolution Date all of the Trustee’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, 
in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprised in the Wakala Portfolio applicable to such Series at the 
Exercise Price specified in the relevant Exercise Notice, 
in each case, on an “as is” basis but free and clear of any Adverse Claim (without any warranty express or 
implied and if any warranty is implied by law, it shall be excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law) and 
otherwise on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Sale and Substitution Undertaking and provided the 
Bank irrevocably, unconditionally and fully accepts, and shall not dispute or challenge in any way, all or any 
interest (including ownership interests) the Trustee may have in the relevant Wakala Assets, Optional 
Dissolution Wakala Assets, cancellation Wakala Assets or substituted Wakala Assets, as applicable, as acquired 
by the Trustee.

--- Page 229 ---
215 
 
Master Murabaha Agreement 
The Master Murabaha Agreement will be entered into on 18 February 2022 between the Trustee (in its capacity 
as seller, the “Commodity Seller”), the Bank (in its capacity as buyer, the “Commodity Buyer”) and the 
Delegate and will be governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement, and in connection with each relevant Tranche of Certificates, the 
Commodity Seller may enter into a Commodity Murabaha Investment with the Commodity Buyer using a 
portion of the issue proceeds of the relevant Tranche as specified in the applicable Final Terms (being no more 
than 45 per cent. of the aggregate face amount of the Certificates of that Tranche). In accordance with the Master 
Murabaha Agreement, on receipt of a duly completed Notice of Request to Purchase from the Commodity 
Buyer, the Commodity Seller (acting through the Commodity Agent) may purchase the relevant Commodities 
on the relevant Issue Date from a commodity supplier on a spot basis at the relevant Commodity Purchase Price. 
Upon completion of the purchase of the Commodities by the Commodity Seller and the Commodity Seller 
gaining title thereto and (actual or constructive) possession thereof, the Commodity Seller may deliver to the 
Commodity Buyer a duly completed Offer Notice by no later than 1.00 p.m. (London time) (or such other time 
as may be agreed in writing by the Commodity Buyer and the Commodity Seller) on the relevant Issue Date. 
Provided that the Commodity Buyer has received the Offer Notice delivered to it in accordance with the terms 
of the Master Murabaha Agreement and wishes to enter into a Murabaha Contract, the Commodity Buyer will 
accept the terms of, countersign and deliver to the Commodity Seller such Offer Notice and purchase the 
relevant Commodities acquired by the Commodity Seller for the relevant Deferred Payment Price, in each case 
no later than 2.00 p.m. (London time) (or such other time as may be agreed between the Commodity Buyer and 
the Commodity Seller) on the relevant Issue Date. 
As soon as the Commodity Buyer has accepted the Commodity Seller’s offer by countersigning the relevant 
Offer Notice, a Murabaha Contract shall be created between the Commodity Seller and the Commodity Buyer 
upon the terms of the Offer Notice and incorporating the terms and conditions set out in the Master Murabaha 
Agreement and ownership of and all risks in and to the relevant Commodities shall immediately pass to and be 
vested in the Commodity Buyer, together with all rights and obligations relating thereto. 
The Commodity Buyer will agree in the Master Murabaha Agreement that all payments by it under the Master 
Murabaha Agreement must be made in the Specified Currency and without any withholding, retention or 
deduction for, or on account of, any taxes unless required by law and without set-off or counterclaim of any 
kind and, in such case, the Commodity Buyer will pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the 
Commodity Seller of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if no withholding, retention or 
deduction had been made. 
The Commodity Buyer has undertaken in the Master Murabaha Agreement that any payment obligations of the 
Commodity Buyer under the Master Murabaha Agreement will be direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
(subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)) unsecured 
obligations of the Commodity Buyer and shall (save for such exceptions as may be provided by applicable 
legislation and subject to the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7 (Obligor Negative Pledge)), 
at all times rank at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Commodity Buyer from time to time outstanding. 
Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed will be entered into on 18 February 2022 between the Bank, the Trustee and the Delegate 
and will be governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed between the same parties shall be entered into 
on the Issue Date of each Tranche and shall also be governed by English law.

--- Page 230 ---
216 
 
Upon issue of a Series of Certificates, the Master Trust Deed as supplemented by each relevant Supplemental 
Trust Deed shall together constitute the Trust declared by the Trustee in relation to such Series (the Master Trust 
Deed as supplemented by each relevant Supplemental Trust Deed for each Series being referred to herein as the 
“Trust Deed”). 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series shall comprise: 
(a) 
the cash proceeds of the issue of Certificates, pending application thereof in accordance with the terms 
of the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
any and all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the Trustee in, to 
and under the Wakala Portfolio; 
(c) 
any and all of the rights, title, interest, benefits and entitlements, present and future of the Trustee in, to 
and under the Transaction Documents (excluding the Excluded Representations and the covenant given 
to the Trustee pursuant to clause 13.1 of the Master Trust Deed); 
(d) 
all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(e) 
all proceeds of the foregoing. 
Pursuant to the relevant Trust Deed, the Trustee will, in relation to each Series of Certificates, amongst other 
things, hold the relevant Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the Certificateholders of such Series pro rata 
according to the face amount of Certificates of that Series held by each Certificateholder and act as trustee in 
respect of the Trust Assets, distribute the income from the Trust Assets and perform its duties in accordance 
with the provisions of the relevant Trust Deed. Pursuant to the Master Trust Deed, the Trustee will, by way of 
security for the performance of all covenants, obligations and duties of the Trustee to the Certificateholders 
under the relevant Trust Deed, irrevocably and unconditionally appoint the Delegate to be its delegate and 
attorney and in its name, on its behalf and as its act and deed to: 
(a) 
execute, deliver and perfect all documents; and 
(b) 
exercise all of the present and future powers (including the power to sub-delegate), rights, authorities 
(including, but not limited to, the authority to request directions from any Certificateholders and the 
power to make any determinations to be made under the Transaction Documents) and discretions vested 
in the Trustee by the Trust Deed and the Certificates, 
that the Delegate may consider to be necessary or desirable in order to, upon the occurrence of a Dissolution 
Event or a Potential Dissolution Event, and subject to its being indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded 
to its satisfaction, (i) exercise all of the rights, powers, authorities and discretions of the Trustee under the 
Purchase Undertaking and any of the other Transaction Documents and (ii) make such distributions from the 
Trust Assets as the Trustee is bound to make in accordance with the Conditions and the Trust Deed (together 
the “Delegation” of the “Relevant Powers”), provided that (i) no obligations, duties, liabilities or covenants of 
the Trustee pursuant to the Trust Deed or any other Transaction Document shall be imposed on the Delegate by 
virtue of the Delegation; (ii) in no circumstances will such Delegation of the Relevant Powers result in the 
Delegate holding on trust or managing the Trust Assets; and (iii) such Delegation of the Relevant Powers shall 
not include any duty, power, trust, authority or discretion to dissolve the trusts constituted by the Trust Deed 
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event or Potential Dissolution Event or to determine the remuneration 
of the Delegate. The Trustee has undertaken in the Master Trust Deed to ratify and confirm all things done and 
all documents executed by the Delegate in the exercise of all or any of its powers pursuant to the Delegation. 
The Delegation is to be made by the Trustee to the Delegate for the benefit of the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders, subject to the terms of the Conditions and the Trust Deed.

--- Page 231 ---
217 
 
In addition to the Delegation of the Relevant Powers, certain powers, rights, authorities and discretions under 
the Master Trust Deed will be vested solely in the Delegate, including, amongst other things, the power to call 
and conduct meetings at the request of Certificateholders, to determine whether a certain event is, in its opinion, 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the holders of the Certificates so as to qualify as a Trustee Event or 
Obligor Event, and the powers set out in Condition 13 (Dissolution Events) to decide, pursuant to the provisions 
therein, whether the Certificates should become immediately due and payable subject to and in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Dissolution Events) and the power to consent to certain types of amendments to any Transaction 
Document or the memorandum and articles of association of the Trustee, in each case as more particularly 
described in the Master Trust Deed. 
The Bank has covenanted and undertaken in the Master Trust Deed, among other things, as follows: 
(a) 
to comply with and perform and observe all provisions of the Conditions which are expressed to be 
applicable to it including, without limitation, the negative pledge provisions described in Condition 7 
(Obligor Negative Pledge); 
(b) 
to comply with and perform and observe all provisions of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party which are expressed to be binding on it; and 
(c) 
that it shall forthwith notify the Delegate and the Trustee in writing of any Dissolution Event (and the 
steps, if any, being taken to remedy it) and/or Potential Dissolution Event and Tangibility Event (and 
provide a description of such Tangibility Event), in each case promptly upon becoming aware of its 
occurrence. 
The Bank has acknowledged in the Master Trust Deed that the Obligor Events applicable to it are set out in full 
in the Conditions, that it is fully aware of and understands the terms thereof and that the occurrence thereof 
shall constitute a Dissolution Event for the purposes of the Conditions. 
The Bank has also covenanted and undertaken in the Master Trust Deed that: 
(a) 
if, at the time of delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be, Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. is in 
actual or constructive possession, custody or control of all or any part of the Wakala Assets comprising 
the Wakala Portfolio, the Certificateholder Put Right Wakala Assets, the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Wakala Assets or the Optional Dissolution Wakala Assets, as the case may be; and 
(b) 
if, following delivery of an Exercise Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase 
Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as the case may be, the relevant Exercise Price, 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price or Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price, as the case may be, is not paid in accordance with the provisions of the 
Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking (as the case may be) for any reason 
whatsoever,  
the Bank shall (as an independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify the Trustee 
for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Certificates, the Certificateholder Put Right Certificates 
the Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates or the Optional Dissolution Certificates, as the case may be, and, 
accordingly, the amount payable under any such indemnity claim will equal the relevant Exercise Price, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price or the Optional 
Dissolution Exercise Price, as the case may be.  
Payment of an amount equal to the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Tangibility 
Event Put Right Exercise Price or the Optional Dissolution Exercise Price, as the case may be, into the 
Transaction Account in accordance with the Purchase Undertaking or the Sale and Substitution Undertaking, as

--- Page 232 ---
218 
 
the case may be, shall (i) evidence the acceptance by the Bank of the Exercise Notice delivered in accordance 
with the provisions of the Purchase Undertaking and the conclusion of the transfer of the Trustee's title, rights, 
benefits and entitlements in, to and under the Wakala Assets comprising the Wakala Portfolio, the 
Certificateholder Put Right Wakala Assets, the Tangibility Event Put Right Wakala Assets or the Optional 
Dissolution Wakala Assets, as the case may be, and (ii) constitute full discharge of the obligation of the Bank 
to pay the Exercise Price, the Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price, the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Exercise Price or the Optional Dissolution Exercise Price, as the case may be, to the Trustee (for the benefit of 
the Certificateholders). 
The Bank has also covenanted and undertaken in the Master Trust Deed that if, in relation to a Murabaha 
Contract, the outstanding Deferred Payment Price is not paid on the relevant Dissolution Date in accordance 
with the provisions of the Master Murabaha Agreement for any reason whatsoever, the Bank shall (as an 
independent, severable and separately enforceable obligation) fully indemnify (on an after Tax basis) the Trustee 
for the purpose of redemption of the outstanding Certificates of such Series, and the amount payable under any 
such indemnity claim will equal the Commodity Purchase Price. 
In addition, in the event that the Trustee fails to comply with any obligation to pay additional amounts pursuant 
to Condition 11 (Taxation), the Bank has covenanted and undertaken in the Master Trust Deed that it will 
unconditionally and irrevocably (irrespective of the payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, pay to or 
to the order of the Delegate (for the benefit of the Certificateholders) such net amounts as are necessary so that 
the amount receivable by the Delegate (after any withholding, retention or deduction for or on account of tax) 
equals any and all additional amounts required to be paid by it in respect of the Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 11 (Taxation). 
If and to the extent the Trustee has exercised its rights under Condition 19 (Further Issues) to issue additional 
Certificates in respect of a Series, on the date of issue of such additional Certificates, the Trustee will execute a 
Declaration of Commingling of Assets for and on behalf of the holders of the existing Certificates and the 
holders of such additional Certificates so created and issued, declaring that the relevant Additional Assets (as 
defined in the relevant Declaration of Commingling of Assets) and the Wakala Assets comprised in the Wakala 
Portfolio as in existence immediately prior to the creation and issue of such additional Certificates and, if 
applicable, each Commodity Murabaha Investment made pursuant to the Master Murabaha Agreement (and all 
rights arising under or with respect thereto) in respect of the relevant Series, are commingled and shall 
collectively comprise part of the Trust Assets for the benefit of the holders of the existing Certificates and the 
holders of such additional Certificates as tenants in common pro rata according to the face amount of 
Certificates held by each Certificateholder, in accordance with the Master Trust Deed. 
Agency Agreement 
The Agency Agreement will be entered into on 18 February 2022 in relation to the Certificates between, 
amongst others, the Trustee, the Bank, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent and the Registrar. The Agency 
Agreement will govern the arrangements between the Trustee and the agents named therein for the issuance of 
Certificates and the making of payments in respect thereof. The Agency Agreement will be governed by English 
law. 
Shari’a Compliance 
Each Transaction Document to which it is a party provides that each of Boubyan Sukuk Limited and Boubyan 
Bank K.S.C.P. agrees that it has accepted the Shari’a compliant nature of the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and, to the extent permitted by law, further agrees that:

--- Page 233 ---
219 
 
(a) 
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or 
any provision thereof) is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari’a; 
(b) 
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari’a compliance of 
the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be 
diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, declaration, 
pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party are not compliant with the principles of Shari’a. 
For these purposes: 
“Adverse Claim” means any lien, pledge, mortgage, security interest, deed of trust, charge or other 
encumbrance or arrangement having a similar effect or other right or claim of any person (in all cases, other 
than any right in favour of the Bank); 
“Asset Contract” means a Financing Contract and/or any other contract, agreement, or document evidencing 
or otherwise related to or associated with a Wakala Asset, as the case may be; 
“Asset Obligor” means a Lessee, an Other Tangible Asset Obligor and/or any other person that is a party to an 
Asset Contract (other than Bank or any party acting on behalf of the Bank) and who is obliged to make payments 
thereunder, as the context so requires; 
“Certificateholder Put Right Exercise Price” means, in relation to each Series, an amount equal to the 
aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates to be redeemed on the Certificateholder Put Right 
Date; plus 
(b) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the relevant 
Certificates; plus 
(c) 
if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, to the extent not previously satisfied in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i) 
amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) due but unpaid Service Agency Liabilities 
Amounts; plus 
(d) 
without double counting, if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, an amount representing 
any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents (including but 
not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the Delegate pursuant to paragraph (i) of Condition 
5(b)(Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets)); plus 
(e) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable in relation to the relevant Certificates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, the applicable portion of the 
aggregate amounts of Deferred Payment Price outstanding on the Certificateholder Put Right Date which 
has been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha 
Agreement; 
“Eligible Asset” means a Financing Asset or an Other Tangible Asset: 
(a) 
in respect of which (i) the Bank is generating cashflows under the related Asset Contract relating to an 
activity which does not conflict with the principles of Shari’a; and (ii) the relevant Asset Obligor under 
the related Asset Contract is not in breach of its payment obligations in respect of that Asset Contract;

--- Page 234 ---
220 
 
(b) 
which is held or owned by the Seller in a manner consistent with its usual credit and origination and/or 
investment policies as approved by the Fatwa and Shari’a Supervisory Board of the Seller; 
(c) 
in respect of which the obligations contained in the related Asset Contract entered into by the Asset 
Obligor thereof constitute legal, valid, binding and (subject to the laws of bankruptcy and other laws 
affecting the rights of creditors generally) enforceable obligations of the Asset Obligor under the 
governing law of that Asset Contract and any related transaction documents and in the jurisdiction in 
which such Asset Obligor is located; 
(d) 
in respect of which the Seller is entitled to receive all payments due; 
(e) 
in respect of which there has not occurred an event of default, any acceleration or analogous event; 
(f) 
in respect of which there has not occurred any total loss or destruction or expropriation; and 
(g) 
in respect of which the Seller’s rights, title, interests, benefits and entitlements, present and future, 
therein are capable of being sold, transferred and assigned by the Seller to the Purchaser in accordance 
with all applicable laws, its own terms and the terms set out in the Master Purchase Agreement; 
“Exercise Price” means, in relation to each Series, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of the Certificates then outstanding on the relevant Dissolution Date; plus 
(b) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Certificates; plus 
(c) 
to the extent not previously satisfied in accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an amount equal 
to the sum of any outstanding (i) amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) due but 
unpaid Service Agency Liabilities Amounts; plus 
(d) 
without double counting, an amount representing any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) 
under the Transaction Documents (including but not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the 
Delegate pursuant to paragraph (i) of Condition 5(b)(Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets)); plus 
(e) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable on redemption of the Certificates as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms; less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, the aggregate amounts of 
Deferred Payment Price outstanding on the relevant Dissolution Date which have been paid into the 
Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Financing Asset” means a Real Estate Financing Asset or a Non-Real Estate Financing Asset, as the case may 
be; 
“Financing Contract” means a Real Estate Financing Contract or a Non-Real Estate Financing Contract, as 
the case may be; 
“Lessee” means a Real Estate Financing Lessee or a Non-Real Estate Financing Lessee, as the case may be; 
“Non-Real Estate Financing Asset” means a tangible asset, other than a Real Estate Financing Asset, in 
relation to which the Bank or any person on its behalf has entered into a Non-Real Estate Financing Contract; 
provided, however, that such tangible asset is in existence on the date on which it becomes part of the relevant 
Wakala Portfolio; 
“Non-Real Estate Financing Contract” means (a) an ijara contract entered into by the Bank or any person on 
its behalf (the “Non-Real Estate Financing Lessor”) and another person (the “Non-Real Estate Financing 
Lessee”) pursuant to which the Non-Real Estate Financing Lessor leases a tangible asset (other than a real estate

--- Page 235 ---
221 
 
asset) to the Non-Real Estate Financing Lessee, and in respect of which lease payments are due from the Non-
Real Estate Financing Lessee to the Non-Real Estate Financing Lessor, including any other agreements or 
documents associated with that contract; or (b) any arrangement similar in economic effect to that described in 
item (a); 
“Optional Dissolution Exercise Price” means, in relation to each Series, an amount equal to the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of the relevant Certificates to be redeemed on the Optional Dissolution Date; 
plus 
(b) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the relevant 
Certificates; plus 
(c) 
if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, to the extent not previously satisfied in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i) 
amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) due but unpaid Service Agency Liabilities 
Amounts; plus 
(d) 
without double counting, if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, an amount representing 
any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents (including but 
not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the Delegate pursuant to paragraph (i) of Condition 
5(b)(Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets)); plus 
(e) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable in relation to the relevant Certificates as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, the applicable portion of the 
aggregate amounts of Deferred Payment Price outstanding on the Optional Dissolution Date which has 
been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Optional Dissolution Wakala Assets” means the Wakala Assets specified as such in the relevant Exercise 
Notice; 
“Real Estate Financing Asset” means a real estate asset located in Kuwait in relation to which the Bank or any 
person on its behalf has entered into a Real Estate Financing Contract; provided, however, that such real estate 
asset is in existence on the date on which it becomes part of the relevant Wakala Portfolio; 
“Real Estate Financing Contract” means (a) an ijara contract entered into by the Bank or any person on its 
behalf (the “Real Estate Financing Lessor”) and another person (the “Real Estate Financing Lessee”) 
pursuant to which the Real Estate Financing Lessor leases a real estate asset located in Kuwait to the Real Estate 
Financing Lessee, and in respect of which payments are due from the Real Estate Financing Lessee to the Real 
Estate Financing Lessor, including any other agreements or documents associated with that contract; or (b) any 
arrangement similar in economic effect to that described in item (a); 
“Tangibility Event Put Right Exercise Price” means, in relation to each relevant Series, an amount equal to 
the aggregate of: 
(a) 
the aggregate face amount of the Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates; plus  
(b) 
an amount equal to all accrued and unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) relating to the 
Tangibility Event Put Right Certificates; plus 
(c) 
if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, to the extent not previously satisfied in 
accordance with the Service Agency Agreement, an amount equal to the sum of any outstanding (i)

--- Page 236 ---
222 
 
amounts repayable in respect of any Liquidity Facility; and (ii) due but unpaid Service Agency Liabilities 
Amounts; plus 
(d) 
without double counting, if all of the Certificates of a Series are being redeemed, an amount representing 
any amounts payable by the Trustee (in any capacity) under the Transaction Documents (including but 
not limited to costs and expenses due but unpaid to the Delegate pursuant to paragraph (i) of Condition 
5(b) (Application of Proceeds from Trust Assets)); plus 
(e) 
without double counting, any other amounts payable in relation to the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Certificates as specified in the relevant Pricing Supplement; less 
(f) 
if a Commodity Murabaha Investment forms part of the relevant Series, the Tangibility Event Put Right 
Proportion of the aggregate amounts of Deferred Payment Price outstanding on the Tangibility Event 
Put Right Date which has been paid into the Transaction Account in accordance with the terms of the 
Master Murabaha Agreement; 
“Wakala Distribution Period” means, in relation to a Series, the period beginning on (and including) the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of such Series and ending on (but excluding) the first Wakala Distribution Date and 
each successive period beginning on (and including) a Wakala Distribution Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next succeeding Wakala Distribution Date, each such period also being a Periodic Distribution Period; and 
“Wakala Ownership Period” means, in relation to each Series, the period commencing on the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of such Series and ending on the date on which all of the Certificates of that Series are redeemed 
in full.

--- Page 237 ---
223 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations relating to the Certificates. It does not 
purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the Certificates, whether in those 
jurisdictions or elsewhere, nor does it address the considerations that are dependent on individual 
circumstances. Prospective purchasers of Certificates should consult their own tax advisers as to which 
countries’ tax laws could be relevant to acquiring, holding and disposing of Certificates and receiving payments 
under the Certificates and the consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. This summary 
is based upon the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that 
may take effect after such date. 
Cayman Islands 
The following is a discussion on certain Cayman Islands income tax consequences of an investment in the 
Certificates. The discussion is a general summary of present law, which is subject to prospective and retroactive 
change. It is not intended as tax advice, does not consider any investor’s particular circumstances and does not 
consider tax consequences other than those arising under Cayman Islands law. 
Under existing Cayman Islands laws, payments on Certificates to be issued will not be subject to taxation in 
the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payments to any holder of the Certificates, nor 
will gains derived from the disposal of the Certificates be subject to Cayman Islands income or corporation tax. 
The Cayman Islands currently have no income, corporation or capital gains tax and no estate duty, inheritance 
or gift tax. The Trustee has obtained an undertaking from the Governor in Cabinet of the Cayman Islands, 
pursuant to the Tax Concessions Law (2018 revision) of the Cayman Islands, that for a period of 20 years from 
the date of grant of that undertaking no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be 
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciation shall apply to the Trustee or its operations and, in addition, that 
no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or 
inheritance tax shall be payable on or in respect of the shares, debentures or other obligations (which includes 
the Certificates) of the Trustee or by way of the withholding in whole or part of any relevant payment as defined 
in the Tax Concessions Law (2018 revision). No capital or stamp duties are levied in the Cayman Islands on 
the issue or redemption of Certificates. However, an instrument transferring title to any Certificates, if brought 
to or executed in the Cayman Islands, would be subject to Cayman Islands stamp duty. An annual registration 
fee is payable by the Trustee to the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies which is calculated by reference to 
the nominal amount of its authorised capital. At current rates, this annual registration fee is U.S.$853.66. The 
foregoing is based on current law and practice in the Cayman Islands and this is subject to change therein.  
Kuwait 
The following summary of taxation in Kuwait is based on the Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955, as 
amended by Law No. 2 of 2008 “Amending Certain Provisions of Kuwait Income Tax Decree No. 3 of 1955” 
(the “Amendment”), the Executive Bylaws of the Amendment (the “Regulations”), and various ministerial 
resolutions and circulars relating thereto issued by the Kuwait Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) and the 
Administrative Resolution (together, the “Taxation Laws”) as interpreted and implemented by the DIT as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. Any subsequent changes in either the Taxation Laws or the interpretation or 
implementation of the same by the DIT may alter and affect this summary. 
Income tax 
Under the Taxation Laws, income tax (at a flat rate of 15 per cent.) is levied on, inter alia, the net income and 
capital gains realised by any corporate entity (interpreted by the DIT to mean any form of company or

--- Page 238 ---
224 
 
partnership), wherever incorporated, that conducts business in Kuwait. However, the DIT to date has granted a 
concession to such corporate entities incorporated in Kuwait or in any other GCC country (being referred to in 
this Base Prospectus as “GCC corporate entities”) and has only imposed income tax on corporate entities 
which are not GCC corporate entities (being referred to in this Base Prospectus as “non-GCC corporate 
entities”) which, for the avoidance of doubt, include shareholders of GCC corporate entities which are 
themselves non-GCC corporate entities, in each case, conducting business in Kuwait. Pursuant to the 
Regulations, income generated from the lending of funds inside Kuwait is considered to be income realised 
from the conducting of business in Kuwait, and is therefore subject to income tax. The following paragraphs 
are therefore only applicable to non-GCC corporate entities. 
Pursuant to Article 150 (bis), yields of securities, bonds, finance sukuk and all other similar securities regardless 
of the issuer thereof shall be exempted from taxation. Article 150 (bis) was acknowledged by the Administrative 
Resolution. 
However, see “Risk Factors – Risks Relating to Taxation – The application and enforcement of the Kuwaiti 
income tax regime is uncertain, and holders of the Certificates which are “non–GCC corporate entities” may 
become subject to the Kuwaiti income tax regime in certain limited circumstances”. 
Individuals are not subject to any Kuwaiti income tax on their income or capital gains.  
Retention 
Under the Regulations, a Kuwaiti-based party making a payment (being referred to in this section as the payer) 
to any other party (being referred to in this section as the payee), wherever incorporated, is obliged to deduct 
five per cent. of the amount of each such payment until such time as the DIT issues a tax clearance certificate 
approving the release of such amount. Unlike with withholding tax, the payer is not required to transfer directly 
the deducted amount to the DIT immediately, but instead retains such amount and releases it either: (i) to the 
payee upon presentation to the payer by such payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT confirming that 
the payee is not subject to or is exempt from income tax, or has realised a loss, or has paid or guaranteed the 
payment of its income tax; or (ii) in the absence of such a tax clearance certificate, to the DIT, on demand. 
According to a literal interpretation of the Regulations, payments which are subject to a deduction as described 
above would include payments by the Bank to the Trustee under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. Given that neither Article 150 (bis) nor the Administrative Resolution address the issue of whether or not 
there remains an obligation, as described above, to make a deduction, a payer (such as the Bank) could be 
required to deduct five per cent. from every payment made by it to a payee (such as the Trustee), which amount 
would be released by the payer upon presentation to it by the payee of a tax clearance certificate from the DIT. 
In the event of any such deduction, the Transaction Documents provide that the Obligor will pay all additional 
amounts as will result in the receipt by the Trustee of such net amounts as would have been receivable by it if 
no such deduction had been made. 
Other taxes 
Save as described above, all payments in respect of the Certificates and the Transactions Documents may be 
made without withholding, retention or deduction for, or on account of, present taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Kuwait. 
No stamp, registration or similar duties or taxes will be payable in Kuwait by holders of Certificates in 
connection with the issue or any transfer of the Certificates.

--- Page 239 ---
225 
 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related 
requirements. The Trustee may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including the Cayman Islands) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements 
with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Certificates, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Certificates, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Certificates, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Certificates characterised as debt (or 
which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru 
payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA 
withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Certificates (as described under 
“Terms and Conditions of the Certificates—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable from previously issued 
Certificates are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Certificates, including the Certificates offered prior to the 
expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their 
own tax advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Certificates. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Certificates, no 
person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 240 ---
226 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (the “Programme Agreement”) dated 18 February 2022, agreed 
with the Trustee and the Bank a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase 
Certificates. 
In accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, each of the Trustee and the Bank has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update 
of the Programme and the issue of Certificates under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against 
certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States 
Each Dealer has acknowledged and agreed that the Certificates have not been and will not be registered under 
the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree that, it has not offered or sold the Certificates and each Dealer has agreed that, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that, it will not offer or sell 
any Certificates (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion 
of the distribution of all Certificates of the Tranche of which such Certificates are a part, as determined and 
certified as provided below, within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
The Certificates are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S. Each Dealer who purchases Certificates of a Tranche (or in the case of a sale of a Tranche of 
Certificates issued to or through more than one Dealer, each of such Dealers as to the Certificates of such 
Tranche to be purchased by or through it or, in the case of a syndicated issue, the relevant Lead Manager) shall 
determine and certify to the Principal Paying Agent the completion of the distribution of the Certificates of such 
Tranche. 
On the basis of such notification or notifications, the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to notify such 
Dealer/Lead Manager of the end of the distribution compliance period with respect to such Tranche. Each 
Dealer has also agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Certificates, it will have sent to each distributor, 
dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Certificates from it 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
“The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Securities as determined and certified by the relevant Dealer, in the 
case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Manager, in the case of a syndicated issue, and except in either 
case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S.” 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have not engaged 
and will not engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Certificate, and it and they have complied 
and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of Regulation S.

--- Page 241 ---
227 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of the Certificates, an offer or sale of the 
Certificates within the United States by a dealer that is not participating in the offering may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
UK 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year: (a) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business; and (b) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Certificates would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Trustee; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Certificates in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Trustee or the Bank; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the UK. 
Cayman Islands 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make any offer or invitation (whether directly 
or indirectly) to the public in the Cayman Islands to subscribe for any Certificates. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the Dubai International Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that the Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not been and will 
not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates other than in 
compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, offering and sale of 
securities. 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Certificates to be issued under the 
Programme to any person in the Dubai International Financial Centre unless such offer is: 
(a) 
an “Exempt Offer” in accordance with the Markets Rules (MKT Module) of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the “DFSA”) rulebook; and 
(b) 
made only to persons who meet the Professional Client criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Conduct of 
Business Module of the DFSA rulebook.

--- Page 242 ---
228 
 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Certificates, except 
on a private placement basis, to persons in the Kingdom of Bahrain who are “accredited investors”. 
For this purpose, an “accredited investor” means: 
(a) 
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or more 
(excluding that person’s principal place of residence); 
(b) 
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available for 
investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c) 
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a state 
organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension fund). 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and any investor in the Kingdom or who is a Saudi person (a “Saudi 
Investor”) who acquires any Certificates pursuant to an offering should note, that (i) no action has been or will 
be taken in the Kingdom that would permit a public offering of the Certificates (ii) the Certificates will not be 
offered or sold to a Saudi Investor other than to institutional and qualified clients (as defined in the Glossary of 
Defined Terms Used in the Regulations and Rules of the Capital Market Authority) under Article 8(a)(1), or by 
way of a limited offer under Article 9, of the Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations as 
issued by the board of the Capital Market Authority pursuant to resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 9/4/1439H 
(corresponding to 27 December 2017), as amended by the board of the CMA resolution number 1-7-2021 dated 
1/6/1442H (corresponding to 14 January 2021) (the “Offer of Securities Rules”) and, in each case, Article 10 
of the Offer of Securities Rules. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a “public offer”, an “exempt offer” or a “parallel market 
offer” pursuant to the Offer of Securities Rules, but will be subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under Article 14 of the Offer of Securities Rules. Any Saudi Investor who has acquired Certificates 
pursuant to a private placement under 8 of the Offer of Securities Rules may not offer or sell those Certificates 
to any person unless the offer or sale is made through a capital market institution appropriately licensed by the 
CMA and: (a) the Certificates are offered or sold to an institutional or qualified investor (as defined in the 
Glossary); (b) the price to be paid for the Certificates in any one transaction does not exceed Saudi Riyals 
200,000 or an equivalent amount; or (c) the offer or sale is otherwise in compliance with Article 14 of the Offer 
of Securities Rules. If the requirement in (b) cannot be fulfilled because the price of the Certificates being 
offered or sold to the transferee has increased since the date of the original private placement, the transferor 
may offer or sell the Certificates to the transferee if their purchase price during the period of the original private 
placement did not exceed Saudi Riyal 200,000 or an equivalent amount and if that requirement cannot be 
fulfilled, a transferor may offer or sell the Certificates if it sells its entire holding of such Certificates to one 
transferee. 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, 
directly or indirectly, any Certificates in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), except: (a) 
in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial

--- Page 243 ---
229 
 
Centre); and (b) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to provide investment advice 
and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign securities in the State of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre). This Base Prospectus: (i) has not been, and will not be, registered with or approved 
by the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar 
Financial Centre Regulatory Authority and may not be publicly distributed in the State of Qatar (including the 
Qatar Financial Centre); (ii) is intended for the original recipient only and must not be provided to any other 
person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in the State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and 
may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose. 
Kuwait 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that no Certificates will be offered, marketed, and/or sold in Kuwait, unless all 
necessary approvals from the CMA pursuant to Law No. 7 of 2010, and its executive bylaws (each as amended), 
together with the various resolutions, regulations, directives and instructions issued pursuant thereto or in 
connection therewith (regardless of nomenclature), or any other applicable law or regulation in Kuwait, have 
been given in respect of the offering, marketing and/or sale, of the Certificates. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong by means of any document any 
Certificates other than to (a) “professional investors” within the meaning of the Securities and Futures 
Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the “SFO”) and any rules made thereunder, or (b) in circumstances 
which do not result in the document being a “prospectus” as defined in the Companies Winding Up and 
Miscellaneous Provisions Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the “Companies Ordinance”) or which 
do not constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession, for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, 
and will not issue or have in its possession any advertisement, invitation or document relating to the 
Certificates which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public 
of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with 
respect to the Certificates which are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or 
only to “professional investors,” as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Malaysia 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission 
of Malaysia under the CMSA. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Certificates have not been and 
will not be offered, sold or delivered, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Certificates has been or 
will be made, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith be 
distributed in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons specified under 
Part I of Schedule 6 or Section 229(1)(b) and Part I of Schedule 7 or Section 230(1)(b), read together with 
Schedule 8 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive of the 
Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission of Malaysia and/or any other regulatory authority from 
time to time.

--- Page 244 ---
230 
 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any 
Certificates or caused such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
will not offer or sell such Certificates or cause such Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription 
or purchase, of such Certificates, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or 
(iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
Where Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Certificates pursuant to an offer made 
under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; 
(v) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA and the CMP 
Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Trustee has determined, and 
hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Certificates are 
‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Trustee, the Bank and the Dealers following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the applicable Final 
Terms issued in respect of the issue of Certificates to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 245 ---
231 
 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Certificates or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and neither the Trustee, the Bank nor any of the other Dealers shall have any responsibility 
therefor. 
None of the Trustee, the Bank and the Dealers represents that (i) Certificates may at any time lawfully be sold 
in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any 
exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating any such sale or (ii) any action 
has been, or will be taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any Certificates, or 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any applicable Final Terms, 
in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.

--- Page 246 ---
232 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing of the Certificates 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval relates only to the Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market or any other MiFID Regulated Market or which are to be offered to the public in any EU 
Member State. The Central Bank of Ireland only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Certificates issued under the Programme during the 12 
months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on its 
Regulated Market. The approval of the Certificates to be issued under the Programme is expected to be granted 
on or around 18 February 2022. It is expected that each Tranche of Certificates which is to be admitted to the 
Official List and to trading on its Regulated Market will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject 
only to the issue of a Global Certificate representing the Certificates of such Tranche. Prior to official listing 
and admission to trading, however, dealings will be permitted by Euronext Dublin in accordance with its rules. 
Transactions on the Regulated Market will normally be effected for delivery on the third working day after the 
day of the transaction. However, unlisted Certificates may be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
Authorisation 
Each of the Trustee and the Bank has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Certificates and the entry into and 
performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. The establishment of the Programme was 
authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the Trustee dated 29 October 2019, a resolution of the 
board of directors of the Bank dated 6 August 2019 and a resolution of the shareholders of the Bank dated 10 
March 2019. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of the 
Trustee dated 3 February 2022 and 10 February 2022 and a resolution of the board of directors of the Bank 
dated 9 January 2022.  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance, or material adverse 
change in the prospects, of the Trustee since the date of its incorporation. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Bank or the Group 
since 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Bank or the 
Group since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
Neither the Trustee nor the Bank nor any other member of the Group is or has been involved in any 
governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened 
of which the Trustee or the Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have or has had in the recent past significant effects on the financial position or profitability of the Trustee, 
the Bank or the Group.

--- Page 247 ---
233 
 
Clearing Systems 
Certificates have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg systems 
(which are the entities in charge of keeping the records). The Common Code, the International Securities 
Identification Number (ISIN) and (where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing 
system for each Tranche of Certificates will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any alternative 
clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies (and English translations where 
the documents in question are not in English) of the following documents will, when published, be available 
for inspection and/or collection from the registered office of the Trustee and the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent: 
(a) 
each applicable Final Terms and the other Transaction Documents in relation to each Series (save that 
such documents relating to a Series which is neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the 
Prospectus Regulation will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Certificate and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee and the Principal Paying Agent as to its holding 
of the relevant Certificate and identity); 
(b) 
the constitutional documents of the Trustee and the Bank; 
(c) 
the consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 
31 December 2020, in each case, together with the audit reports thereon and the notes thereto; 
(d) 
the most recently published consolidated financial statements of the Bank and interim condensed 
consolidated financial information of the Bank, in each case, together with any audit or review reports 
thereon and the notes thereto; and 
(e) 
this Base Prospectus together with any supplement to this Base Prospectus or further Base Prospectus.  
The documents listed in (b) to (e) above, together with the Trust Deed, will also be available at: 
https://boubyan.bankboubyan.com/en/explore-boubyan/investors-relations/ 
This 
Base 
Prospectus 
will 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at 
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin. 
Auditors 
The auditors of the Bank are EY Kuwait and Deloitte Kuwait. The business address of EY Kuwait is P.O. Box 
74, 18 – 21st Floor, Baitak Tower, Ahmed Al Jaber Street, Safat Square 13001, Kuwait and the business address 
of Deloitte Kuwait is Ahmed Al-Jaber Street, Sharq, Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9, P.O. Box 20174, 
Safat 13062, Kuwait. Each of EY Kuwait and Deloitte Kuwait is regulated in Kuwait by the CMA and is a 
registered auditor licensed to act as an auditor in Kuwait by the Kuwaiti Ministry of Commerce and Industry.  
EY Kuwait and Deloitte Kuwait have audited, without qualification, each of the consolidated financial 
statements of the Bank as at and for the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 in accordance 
with the International Standards on Auditing, as stated in their reports incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 248 ---
234 
 
Since the date of its incorporation, no financial statements of the Trustee have been prepared. The Trustee is not 
required by Cayman Islands law, and does not intend, to publish audited financial statements. 
Cayman Islands Data Protection 
The Cayman Islands Government enacted the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the “DPL”) 
on 18 May 2017 which was brought into force on 30 September 2019. The DPL introduces legal requirements 
for the Trustee based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. 
Prospective investors should note that, by virtue of making investments in the Certificates and the associated 
interactions with the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates, or by virtue of providing the Trustee with 
personal information on individuals connected with the investor (for example directors, trustees, employees, 
representatives, shareholders, investors, clients, beneficial owners or agents) such individuals may be providing 
the Trustee and its affiliates and/or delegates (including, without limitation, the Trustee Administrator) with 
certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL. The Trustee shall 
act as a data controller in respect of this personal data and its affiliates and/or delegates, such as the Trustee 
Administrator, may act as data processors (or data controllers in their own right in some circumstances). 
For further information on the application of the DPL to the Trustee, please refer to the Privacy Notice (a copy 
of which may be requested from the Trustee Administrator by email at dubai@maples.com), which provides an 
outline of investors’ data protection rights and obligations as they relate to the investment in the Certificates.  
Oversight of the DPL is the responsibility of the Ombudsman’s office of the Cayman Islands. Breach of the 
DPL by the Trustee could lead to enforcement action by the Ombudsman, including the imposition of 
remediation orders, monetary penalties or referral for criminal prosecution. 
Dealers transacting with the Bank 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for, the Bank and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business for which they have received, and for which they may in the future receive, fees. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and 
financial instruments (including bank financings) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Trustee, the Bank 
and their affiliates, including, without limitation, the Certificates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that 
have a lending relationship with the Trustee, the Bank and their affiliates may routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Trustee, the Bank and their affiliates consistent with their customary risk-management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially any Certificates issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future 
trading prices of Certificates issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make 
investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities 
or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments

--- Page 249 ---
THE TRUSTEE 
Boubyan Sukuk Limited 
c/o MaplesFS Limited 
P.O. Box 1093 
Queensgate House 
Grand Cayman 
KY1-1102 
Cayman Islands 
 
THE BANK AND OBLIGOR 
Boubyan Bank K.S.C.P. 
Al Hamad Towers 
P.O. Box 25507 
Safat 13116 
Kuwait 
 
DELEGATE 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND TRANSFER AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
REGISTRAR 
Citibank Europe Plc  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
AUDITORS TO THE BANK 
Deloitte & Touche 
Al Wazzan & Co. 
Ahmed Al Jaber Street 
Dar Al-Awadi Complex, Floors 7 & 9 
P.O. Box 20174, Safat, 13062 
Kuwait 
Ernst & Young Al Aiban, Al Osaimi & Partners 
P.O. Box 74 
18 – 21st Floor, Baitak Tower 
Ahmed Al Jaber Street 
Safat Square 13001 
Kuwait

--- Page 250 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Trustee 
as to Cayman Islands law 
Maples and Calder (Dubai) LLP 
Level 14, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 119980 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
 
To the Bank as to English law 
To the Bank as to Kuwaiti law 
Clifford Chance LLP 
Level 15, Burj Daman 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 9380 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
International Counsel Bureau 
Al Hamra Business Tower 
58th Floor, Al Sharq 
P.O. Box 20941 
Safat 13070 
Kuwait 
 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to English law 
To the Arrangers and Dealers as to Kuwaiti law 
Linklaters LLP 
Ninth Floor, Currency House 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506516 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
ASAR – Al-Ruwayeh & Partners 
Salhiya Complex, Gate 1, Floor 3 
P.O. Box 447 
Safat 13005 
Kuwait 
 
To the Delegate as to English law 
Linklaters LLP 
One Silk Street 
London EC2Y 8HQ 
United Kingdom 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor, Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
Wafra International Investment 
Company K.S.C.C. 
Al-Murqab-Soor Street 
Twin Tower 
Kuwait City 
P.O. Box 27635, Safat 13137 
Kuwait 
 
Watani Investment Co. K.S.C.C. 
NBK Tower, Floor 35 
Plot 6 
Jaber Al-Mubarak & Al-Shuhada St., Block 7 
Sharq, Kuwait 
P.O. Box 4950, Safat 13050 
Kuwait