--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 May 2022 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(duly licensed French credit institution) 
€40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged notes 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), BPCE SFH (the "Issuer"), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue obligations de financement de l'habitat within the 
meaning of Article L.513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) to be governed by French law and benefiting 
from the statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (the "Privilège"), as more fully described herein (the "French law Notes" or the "Notes"). Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time 
to time issue Namensschuldverschreibungen governed by German law which are subject to terms and conditions not included in this Base Prospectus 
(the "German law Notes").  
The aggregate nominal amount of French law Notes and German law Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
€40,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies at the date of signing of the issue of any French law Notes or German law Notes). 
This document constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or listed and/or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") in its capacity as competent authority in France under 
the Prospectus Regulation. The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency 
imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made for the French law Notes issued under the Programme for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval 
granted by the AMF on the Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or listed and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated 
Market (as defined below) and/or to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation in any 
Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended ("MiFID II"), appearing on the list of 
regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (each, a "Regulated Market"). The French law Notes may also be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted and/or not admitted to trading on any market. The relevant final terms (the 
"Final Terms") (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes") in respect of the issue of any French law Notes will specify whether 
or not such French law Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of 
the EEA and, if so, the relevant market and/or jurisdiction.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to 
a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 11 May 2023, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the 
information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The German law Notes will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market nor listed on any stock exchange and will not be offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any jurisdiction; accordingly, any issue of German law Notes will be exempt from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation. 
French law Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form ("Materialised Notes") as more fully 
described herein. Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form in compliance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 et seq. of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised 
Notes.  
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be (i) in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue date in the books of Euroclear 
France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the accounts of the Account Holders (as defined in section entitled "Terms and Conditions of 
the French law Notes - Form, Denomination and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream 
Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream") or (ii) in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant Noteholder (as defined in 
section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes - Form, Denomination and Title"), in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur), 
in which case they will be inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or by a registration agent (appointed in the relevant Final Terms) for the 
Issuer, or in administered registered form (au nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the Account Holders 
designated by the relevant Noteholder.  
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary global certificate in bearer form 
without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be issued in relation to Materialised Notes. Such Temporary 
Global Certificate will subsequently be exchanged for definitive Materialised Notes with, where applicable, coupons for interest or talons attached, on 
or after a date expected to be on or about the fortieth (40th) calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement as described in 
section entitled "Temporary Global Certificate in respect of Materialised Notes") upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully 
described herein. Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be 
deposited on the issue date with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, and (b) in the case of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a 
clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The Programme has been rated Aaa by Moody's France S.A.S. ("Moody's") and AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P" and, together 
with Moody's, the "Rating Agencies"). It is expected that the Notes issued under the Programme will be rated Aaa by Moody's and AAA by S&P. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, (i) according to Moody's' rating system, obligations rated 
Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, with minimal credit risk and (ii) according to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated AAA has the highest 
rating assigned by S&P and the obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. As of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Rating Agencies are rating agencies established in the European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") and included in the list 
published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in

--- Page 2 ---
accordance with the CRA Regulation. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or 
withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency without notice. 
As of the entry into force on 8 July 2022 of the relevant provisions of decree-law (ordonnance) No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond 
public supervision (the "Covered Bond Directive"), the French law Notes and German law Notes to be issued under the Programme are 
intended to be eligible for being included on the list of obligations de financement de l'habitat that are entitled to use the "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)" label (only for French law Notes and German law Notes which meet the requirements laid down in the provisions of French 
law transposing the Covered Bond Directive plus the requirements of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements 
Regulation), as amended), subject to prior approval and supervision of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution). However, no representation is made or assurance given that any French law Notes or any German law Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will actually be and remain allowed to use the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label until its maturity.  
The final terms of the Notes will be determined at the time of the offering of each Tranche and will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms relating to such Notes will 
be published on the websites of BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
See section entitled "Risk Factors" for certain information relevant to an investment in the Notes to be issued under the Programme. 
ARRANGER AND PERMANENT DEALER  
NATIXIS

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements thereto published from time to time) constitutes a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) and contains or 
incorporates by reference all relevant information concerning the Issuer which is necessary to enable 
investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes, the reason for the issuance and its impact on 
the Issuer, as well as the base terms and conditions of the French law Notes to be issued under the 
Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in section entitled "General 
Description of the Programme") not contained herein (including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal 
amount, issue price, redemption price thereof and interest, if any, payable thereunder) will be determined 
by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue and will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. References to the Dealers are to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in 
respect of one (1) or more tranches of Notes.  
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any document and/or information 
which is incorporated herein by reference (see "Documents incorporated by Reference"), with any 
supplement thereto that may be published from time to time, as well as, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, 
with the relevant Final Terms. 
This Base Prospectus (together with all supplements published thereto from time to time) may only be used 
for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers (each as defined in section entitled "General 
Description of the Programme"). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs 
of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently 
supplemented or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be 
restricted by law. The Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be 
lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers which is intended to permit a public offering 
of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come are required by the Issuer, the Arranger and the 
Dealers to inform themselves of, and to observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States of America, Japan, the European 
Economic Area ("EEA") (including France, Italy and Germany) and the United Kingdom (the "UK") (see 
section entitled "Subscription and Sale").  
NOTICE  
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully 
consistent with its financial needs, objectives and conditions, complies and is fully consistent with all 
investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment 
for it, notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. 
The Arranger and the Dealers have not separately verified the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Arranger or any of the Dealers makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (including any information 
incorporated by reference herein) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and 
should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it 
deems necessary. None of the Arranger or any of the Dealers undertakes to review the financial or general 
condition of the Issuer during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to 
advise any investor or potential investor in the Notes of any information that may come to the attention of 
the Arranger or the Dealers. Any websites referred to in the Base Prospectus are for information purposes 
only and do not form part of the Base Prospectus.  
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective 
affiliates in connection with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the 
other matters referred to above.  
Neither the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates has or assumes 
responsibility for the lawfulness of the acquisition of the Notes by a prospective investor in the Notes, 
whether under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or the jurisdiction in which it operates (if 
different), or for compliance by that prospective investor with any law, regulation or regulatory policy 
applicable to it. 
AN INVESTMENT IN THE NOTES MIGHT NOT BE SUITABLE FOR ALL INVESTORS 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
be (or be advised by) financial institutions or other professional investors who have sufficient 
knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes and evaluate the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial condition, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact the relevant Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant rates and financial markets;  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks;  
(vi) 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Notes (in particular 
to determine whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used 
as collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase of any 
Notes); and 
(vii) 
ensure that, in terms of any legislation or regulatory regime applicable to such investor, it complies 
with existing restrictions (if any) on its ability to invest in Notes generally and in any particular type 
of Notes. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it 
has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have 
on such potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue German law Notes in the form of 
Namensschuldverschreibungen. The issuance of German law Notes is subject to compliance with the Paying 
Agency Agreement attached to which is a form of terms and conditions of the German law Notes (which 
may be agreed with the Issuer at the time of their issuance). The principal and interest of German law Notes 
will benefit from the Privilège. The Noteholders should note that the French law Notes and the German law 
Notes will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all 
other present or future notes (including the French law Notes and German law Notes of all other Series) and

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
that, as a result, the proceeds of the assets benefiting from the Privilège will be applied to the satisfaction of 
amounts due and payable to all Noteholders (including the holders of German law Notes) on a pro rata basis.  
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay taxes or 
other documentary charges or duties in accordance with the laws and practices of the jurisdiction where 
the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In some jurisdictions, no official statements of the tax 
authorities or court decisions may be available for financial notes such as the Notes. Potential investors are 
advised not to rely upon the tax overview contained in this Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto 
that may be published from time to time but to ask for their own tax advisor's advice on their individual 
taxation with respect to the subscription, acquisition, disposal, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisors are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.  
The tax legislation of the investors' Member State and of the Issuer's country of incorporation may have an 
impact on the income received from the Notes. 
A number of Member States of the European Union are currently negotiating to introduce a financial 
transactions tax ("FTT") in the scope of which transactions in the Notes may fall. Prospective investors 
should consult their own tax advisers in relation to the consequences of the FTT associated with subscribing, 
purchasing, holding and disposing the Notes. 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, the 
Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Any adverse change in the applicable 
credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of (i) 
any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the "Prohibition of 
sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, in such case, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council dated 26 November 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based 
investment products (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the EEA will be prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – In respect of 
(i) any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the "Prohibition 
of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000, 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently, in such case, no key information document required by the PRIIPs Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Tranche 
of Notes will include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer as defined in MiFID II in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR product governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") and which channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") 
is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "euro" or "EUR" are to the lawful currency of the Member States of the European Union that 
have adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time, references to "£", "GBP", "pounds sterling" and "Sterling" are to the lawful 
currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" and "U.S. Dollar" are to the lawful currency of 
the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY" and "Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, and 
references to "CHF" and "Swiss Francs" are to the lawful currency of the Helvetic Confederation and 
references to "A$", "AUD" and "Australian Dollar" are to the lawful currency of Australia.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 22 
RETAIL CASCADES ......................................................................................................................................... 40 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM - PRINCIPAL PROGRAMME PARTIES ......................................................... 42 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ................................................................................... 43 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ............................................................................................. 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES .................................................................. 47 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................................... 76 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS ............................................................................................................................ 77 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE 
FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT ..................................................................................................................... 78 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED NOTES ...................... 85 
THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................................................................... 86 
THE CREDIT FACILITY AND COLLATERAL FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT ................................... 94 
THE BORROWERS, THE GUARANTORS, THE OBLIGORS' AGENT, THE MANAGEMENT AND 
RECOVERY AGENT AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT ................................................................ 103 
COVER RATIOS .............................................................................................................................................. 108 
THE HEDGING STRATEGY ......................................................................................................................... 110 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 .......................................................................................................................... 114 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 .......................................................................................................................... 128 
FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER PURSUANT TO ARTICLES L.513-23 
AND R.513-16 OF THE FRENCH MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE ............................................ 145 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................... 149 
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................................... 154 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ......... 157 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS ....................................................................................................................... 158

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any 
particular Tranche of Notes, the relevant Final Terms. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the French law 
Notes set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
This general description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019, as amended. It does not, and is not intended 
to, constitute a summary of this Base Prospectus within the meaning of Article 7 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when 
securities are offered to the public or listed and/or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended or any 
implementing regulation thereof. 
Words and expressions defined in the section entitled "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" below shall 
have the same meanings in this general description.  
I. 
THE PROGRAMME AND THE NOTES 
Issuer: 
BPCE SFH, limited liability company (société anonyme) incorporated under 
French law, duly licensed as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) with the 
status of société de financement de l'habitat delivered by the French Banking 
Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) on 28 March 2011. As 
a result of the entry into force on 1st January 2014 of the Ordinance No. 2013-544 
dated 27 June 2013 relating to credit institutions and financing company, the Issuer 
became a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé) as from 
1st January 2014. 
 
Legal Entity Identifier 
("LEI"): 
 
969500T1UBNNTYVWOS04 
 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
 
Dealers: 
Natixis has been appointed by the Issuer as dealer in respect of the whole 
Programme (as defined below). 
The Issuer may from time to time appoint additional dealers either in respect of one 
(1) or more Tranches or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base 
Prospectus to "Permanent Dealers" are to Natixis and to such additional persons 
that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme (and whose 
appointment has not been terminated) and references to "Dealers" are to the 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one (1) or 
more Tranches. 
The Issuer may also from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealer. 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the Issuer, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue obligations de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of 
Article L.513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) to be governed by French law (the "French law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
The principal and interest of each of the French law Notes will benefit from the 
statutory privilège (priority right of payment) created by Article L.513-11 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (the 
"Privilège") (for further description see section entitled "Overview of the 
legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat").

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
Programme Amount: 
Up to €40,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date of signing 
of the issue of any French law Notes or Namensschuldverschreibungen governed 
by German law (the "German law Notes")) aggregate nominal amount of French 
law Notes and German law Notes outstanding at any one time, or such other amount 
as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the Obligors' Agent (as 
defined below). 
Programme Documents:  
 
(a) 
This Base Prospectus; 
(b) 
the Dealer Agreement (see section entitled "Subscription and Sale") (and 
any related subscription agreement); 
(c) 
the Paying Agency Agreement (including the terms and conditions of the 
German law Notes attached as a schedule thereto); 
(d) 
the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes; 
(e) 
the Administrative Services Agreement (see "The Issuer - The 
Administrative Services Agreement"); 
(f) 
the Management and Recovery Agreement (see "The Issuer – Management 
and Recovery Agreement"); 
(g) 
the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (see section 
entitled "The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement"); 
(h) 
the Hedging Letter (see section entitled "The Hedging Strategy");  
(i) 
the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) (if any) (see section entitled "The 
Hedging Strategy"); and 
(j) 
any other document or agreement entered into by the Issuer (in any 
capacity whatsoever) for the purposes of the Programme. 
 
Administrative Agent: 
BPCE 
 
Management and 
Recovery Agent: 
 
BPCE 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal 
Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or 
the Notes and material for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with 
the Notes and/or may alter its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes towards 
investors and of which perspective investors should be aware. These are set out 
under the section entitled "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued and may be distributed on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
 
Series and Tranche: 
The Notes will be issued in Series having one (1) or more issue date(s) and on terms 
otherwise identical (or identical save for the first payment of interest), the Notes of 
each Series being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. The 
specific terms of each Tranche (including, without limitation, the aggregate 
nominal amount, issue price or method of determining the price and method for its 
disclosure, redemption price thereof, and interest, if any, payable thereunder and 
completed, where necessary, with additional terms and conditions which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount 
of the Tranche, will be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) 
will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of the issue 
and will be set out in the Final Terms of such Tranche. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, the Notes 
may have any maturity from one month from the date of original issue, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
An Extended Final Maturity Date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of 
a Series of Notes in accordance with the Conditions, each such Notes being referred 
to as Notes with soft bullet maturity. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to the Hedging Strategy (see section entitled "The Hedging Strategy") and 
to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may be 
issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese Yen, Swiss Francs and, in any other currency 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Denomination(s): 
The Notes shall be issued in the Specified Denomination(s) set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, the Notes (including Notes 
denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect 
of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes of a particular Series shall be issued in one (1) denomination 
only. 
 
Status of Notes: 
The Notes are issued under Articles L.513-28 to L.513-33 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). Noteholders benefit from the 
Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) (for further description see section entitled 
"Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat"). 
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons, will constitute 
direct, unconditional and privileged obligations of the Issuer (as described above) 
and will rank pari passu and without preference among themselves and equally and 
rateably with all other present or future notes (including Notes of all other Series) 
and other resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège created by 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). 
 
Negative Pledge: 
None 
 
Redemption Amount: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will specify the final redemption 
amounts payable. 
 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche will state whether such Notes 
may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Final Redemption: 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled or its maturity is extended 
as provided below pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholders' option in accordance 
with the Conditions, each Note shall be finally redeemed on the Final Maturity Date 
specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling 
within Condition 6(b) below, its final Instalment Amount. 
An extended final maturity date may be specified in the relevant Final Terms of a 
Series of Notes in accordance with the relevant Conditions, each such Notes being 
referred to as soft bullet notes. 
 
Redemption by 
Instalments: 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each Tranche that are redeemable in two (2) 
or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such 
Notes may be redeemed. 
 
Early Redemption for 
illegality: 
 
Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer prior to their stated maturity 
for illegality (as provided in Condition 6(g)).  
 
Withholding taxes - No 
gross-up obligation: 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
Note, or any Receipt or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to deduction or 
withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the 
Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts. 
All payments of principal, interest or other revenues in respect of the Notes shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or 
thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is required by 
law. 
Each prospective holder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax adviser 
as to the tax consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, 
the Notes. 
No redemption for 
taxation reasons: 
 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
Note be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes 
or duties whatsoever, such Notes shall not be redeemed early. 
 
Interest Periods and 
Interest Rates: 
 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes, the applicable interest rate and/or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. The use 
of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. Notes may bear interest at different Rates of Interest until 
their Extended Final Maturity Date. All such information will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the FBF Definitions; or

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
(b) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) or the 2021 
ISDA Definitions, as published by ISDA, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(c) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the Relevant Screen Page 
(including, without limitation, EURIBOR, €STR or EUR CMS);  
in each case plus or minus any applicable margin, if any, and calculated and 
payable as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Floating Rate Notes may also 
have a maximum rate of interest, a minimum rate of interest or both. Unless a 
higher minimum rate of interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
minimum rate of interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate 
Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate 
Notes:  
 
 
 
 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, 
or from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate and Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes may be converted from a Fixed Rate to a different 
Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate, all on the date set 
out in the relevant Final Terms either by the election of the Issuer or automatically. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount and will 
not bear interest. 
 
Form of Notes: 
French law Notes may be Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes. 
 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option 
of the relevant holder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administered form (au nominatif administré). No physical documents of title will 
be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer form only. A Temporary Global Certificate 
will initially be issued in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.  
 
Representation of 
French law Noteholders: 
 
Holders of French law Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be 
grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse (in each 
case, the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 
et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as amended or 
supplemented by Condition 10. 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a 
Representative and in part through Collective Decisions of the Noteholders. 
 
Governing Law: 
French law Notes will be governed by French law. 
French law Notes and German law Notes will be governed by French law with 
respect to the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes and, in 
relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer(s).

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
Initial Delivery of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
 
At least one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable or the application form relating to such 
Tranche shall be deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
 
Initial Delivery of 
Materialised Notes: 
 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing 
system or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method 
of such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Management and 
Recovery Agent and the relevant Dealer(s). 
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. 
 
Non-exempt offer: 
The French law Notes may be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer 
in France, if the Final Terms provide it and in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Approval, Listing and 
Admission to Trading of 
the French law Notes: 
 
 
Application has been made to the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") for 
approval of this Base Prospectus, in its capacity as competent authority in France 
pursuant to Article 212-2 of its Règlement Général which implements the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). 
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either 
the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Notes. 
Application may be made for the French law Notes issued under the Programme 
for the period of twelve (12) months after the date of the approval granted by the 
AMF on this Base Prospectus to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or listed 
and/or admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market (as defined below) and/or 
to be offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the 
"EEA"). Euronext Paris is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II, 
appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority (a "Regulated Market"). The French law Notes may also be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any other stock exchange or may be unlisted 
and/or not admitted to trading on any market. The relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the issue of any French law Notes will specify whether or not such French law 
Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and/or offered to the public pursuant 
to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA and, if so, the relevant market 
and/or jurisdiction.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a 
Regulated Market and/or the offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a non-
exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation until 11 May 2023, 
provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a 
material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (or 
incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment 
of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
Rating: 
Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by 
Moody's France S.A.S. ("Moody's") and AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited ("S&P" and, together with Moody's, the "Rating Agencies"). As of the 
date of this Base Prospectus and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, (i) according to Moody's' rating system, obligations rated Aaa are judged to 
be of the highest quality, with minimal credit risk and (ii) according to S&P's rating 
system, an obligation rated AAA has the highest rating assigned by S&P and the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely 
strong. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, both Rating Agencies being 
established in the European Union, registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"), and included in the 
list published on the European Securities and Markets Authority's website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). 
 
The rating of the Notes will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities. Any adverse 
change in the applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the 
Notes. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer and sale of Notes and the distribution of offering 
material in various jurisdictions (See section entitled "Subscription and Sale").  
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S ("Regulation S") under 
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and, 
subject to certain exceptions, may not be offered or sold within the United States 
of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in 
Regulation S. The Notes may include Materialised Notes in bearer form that are 
subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Notes may 
not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, delivered 
within the United States of America or, in the case of certain Materialised Notes in 
bearer form, to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in 
the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986.  
 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) and any successor regulation issued under the Hiring Incentives to 
Restore Employment Act of 2010 (the "Hire Act") (the "TEFRA D Rules") unless 
(i) the relevant Final Terms states that such Materialised Notes are issued in 
compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) and any successor 
regulation issued under the Hire Act (the "TEFRA C Rules") or (ii) such 
Materialised Notes are issued other than in compliance with the TEFRA D Rules 
or the TEFRA C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" under the United States Tax Equity and Fiscal 
Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will be referred to in 
the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable.  
Dematerialised Notes which are not in bearer form for U.S. tax purposes do not 
require compliance with the TEFRA rules. 
 
II. 
THE CREDIT FACILITY AND COLLATERAL FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT 
The Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework 
Agreement: 
 
 
On or before 19 April 2011, BPCE SFH, BPCE and each Original Borrower and 
Original Guarantor (as defined below under "The Obligors' Agent") entered into 
a credit facility and collateral framework agreement (as amended from time to time, 
the "Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement") setting out the 
general terms and conditions of the Credit Facility (as defined below under "The 
Credit Facility") to be granted by BPCE SFH to the Borrowers (including BPCE, 
as the case may be), the terms and conditions for the creation, monitoring, and

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
enforcement of the Collateral Security (as defined below under "The Collateral 
Security") and the role of BPCE as representative of the Obligors vis-à-vis the 
Issuer as Obligors' Agent (as defined below under "The Obligors' Agent"). 
(See "The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement"). 
 
The Credit Facility: 
The proceeds from the issuance of Notes under the Programme will be used by the 
Issuer as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to fund advances (each, a 
"Borrower Loan") which shall be made available to the Borrowers (as defined 
below under "The Borrowers and the Guarantors") under a multicurrency revolving 
loan facility (the "Credit Facility"). Each Borrower shall apply all amounts 
borrowed by it under the Credit Facility inter alia for the refinancing of its 
residential loans activity. 
 
The Credit Facility shall be made available to the Borrowers in an aggregate 
maximum amount equal to the Programme Amount.  
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of interest 
under a Borrower Loan shall mirror the equivalent terms and conditions of the Final 
Terms of the corresponding Notes, provided however that such corresponding 
Notes and the Borrower Loan may be denominated in different currencies and that, 
as a principle, the interest to be paid by the Borrower under a Borrower Loan shall 
be the financing costs of the Lender under the Notes funding such Borrower Loan 
increased by a margin (the "Lender Margin"). The Lender Margin aims at 
covering, in particular, all the costs and expenses related to the structuring and the 
updating of the Programme, all the costs and expenses related to the issuance of the 
Notes and taxes of the Lender during the Programme and all costs related to any 
Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction, as the need may be. 
(See "The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement - The Credit 
Facility"). 
 
 
The Collateral Security: 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, each 
Guarantor (i) agrees to grant as collateral security (remettre en garantie) for the 
benefit of the Lender certain Eligible Assets, in order to secure the full and timely 
payment of any and all Secured Liabilities and (ii) as the need may be, to increase 
the amount of Eligible Assets granted by it as collateral security under the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, in accordance with Article L.211-
38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
and the provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. The 
Eligible Assets granted as security (remise en garantie) by the Guarantors in favour 
of the Lender under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement shall 
be referred to as the "Collateral Security". 
The "Secured Liabilities" are defined as all financial obligations which are, will 
or may be owed by any and all Obligors to the Lender under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement at any time. 
 
For the purposes of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, an 
"Eligible Asset" shall be any Home Loan Receivable that complies with the Home 
Loans Eligibility Criteria (as defined in "Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement"). 
In addition, each Guarantor shall also remit cash to the Lender by crediting the 
relevant Collection Loss Reserve Account (as defined in "Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement"), by way of full transfer of title (remise 
d'espèces en pleine propriété à titre de garantie), in accordance with Articles 
L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Such cash shall become part of the Collateral Security and shall secure 
the Secured Liabilities as they become due and payable, in accordance with the 
relevant terms of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. The 
terms "Collateral Security Assets" and "Collateral Security" shall also include the 
cash so remitted.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
The creation, perfection and enforcement of the Collateral Security shall be 
governed by Articles L.211-38 et seq. of French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier). 
 
(See section entitled "The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement - 
The Collateral Security"). 
The Borrowers and the 
Guarantors: 
 
The borrowers under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (the 
"Borrowers") shall be (i) those entities which have entered into the Credit Facility 
and Collateral Framework Agreement as borrower on the execution thereof (each 
an "Original Borrower") (which shall include BPCE) and any other entities 
acceding to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (an 
"Additional Borrower") through the execution of an accession letter for this 
purpose, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement and provided in particular that any such 
Additional Borrower shall be a member of the Group and that a member of the 
Group may not become an Additional Borrower without becoming simultaneously 
an Additional Guarantor. 
The guarantors under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (the 
"Guarantors") shall be (i) those entities which have entered into the Credit Facility 
and Collateral Framework Agreement as Guarantor on the execution thereof each 
an "Original Guarantor" (which shall not include BPCE) and any other entities 
acceding to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (an 
"Additional Guarantor") through the execution of an accession letter for this 
purpose, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement and provided in particular that any such 
Additional Guarantor shall be a member of the Group. 
Any Borrower and any Guarantor may resign from such capacity, in accordance 
with and subject to the provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement and provided in particular that the Lender shall be free to accept any 
such resignation and shall not accept such resignation unless in particular a Rating 
Confirmation has been obtained. 
For the purpose of this Base Prospectus: 
"Rating Confirmation" means, with respect to any specified action, determination 
or appointment, and except as otherwise specified in the Programme Documents, 
notification by the Issuer (or the relevant representative) to the relevant Rating 
Agencies, for as long as any Notes are rated by them, of such specified action, 
determination or appointment which does not result in the downgrading, or 
withdrawal, of the ratings then assigned to the Notes.  
In any case, save for BPCE, a member of the Group may not be a Borrower without 
being simultaneously a Guarantor. 
The Borrowers and the Guarantors are referred to as the "Obligors". 
(See section entitled "The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Obligors' Agent, the 
Management and Recovery Agent and the Administrative Agent"). 
 
The Obligors' Agent: 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement each 
Borrower and each Guarantor has appointed BPCE as its agent (mandataire) to 
generally represent the Borrowers and the Guarantors vis-à-vis the Lender and 
carry out certain tasks in their names and on their behalf (the "Obligors' Agent"). 
(See section entitled "The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement - 
The Obligors' Agent"). 
 
The Group: 
The Borrowers, the Guarantors and the Obligors' Agent are members of the Group 
and of the Network Guarantee System.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
"Group" means the group constituted by the members of the Networks and the 
companies affiliated thereto in accordance with the conditions of Article L.511-31 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), as 
provided for in Article L.512-106 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) and being member of the Network Guarantee 
System. 
"Network Guarantee System" means the system set up by BPCE between 
members of the Group in accordance with Article L.512-107 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in order to guarantee 
the liquidity of the Group and of each Network and guarantee the solvency of the 
Group and of each Network. 
"Networks" means the Banques Populaires network, as defined in Article L.512-
11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and 
the Caisses d'Epargne network as defined in Article L.512-86 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
(See section entitled "The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Obligors' Agent, the 
Management and Recovery Agent and the Administrative Agent"). 
Group Events of 
Default: 
 
Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default for the purposes of 
the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (each, a "Group Event 
of Default"): 
(a) 
any Obligor fails to pay any sum due under the Credit Facility when due, 
in the currency and in the manner specified in the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement; provided, however, that where 
(i) such non-payment is due to an administrative error or the failure of 
continuing external payment systems or clearing systems reasonably 
used by the Obligor and (ii) such payment is made by the Obligor within 
three (3) Business Days of such non-payment, such non-payment shall 
not constitute a Group Event of Default; 
(b) 
any Obligor fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (other than a 
financial obligation) and such breach has or could be reasonably expected 
to have a material adverse effect on (i) the Collateral Security considered 
as a whole or (ii) on the ability of the Group to implement the Network 
Guarantee System (such an effect being a "Material Adverse Effect"); 
(c) 
any material representation or warranty made by any Obligor under the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement or in any notice or 
other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant thereto 
or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect or 
misleading in any material respect when made, and the same is not 
remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
Lender has given notice thereof to that Obligor or (if sooner) that Obligor 
has knowledge of the same, provided that such breach has or could 
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(d) 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test or Breach of Collection Loss Reserve 
Funding Requirement occurs; 
(e) 
in respect of any member of the Group, an Insolvency Event (as defined 
below) occurs; 
(f) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for any Obligor to perform or 
comply with any or all of its material obligations under the Credit Facility 
and Collateral Framework Agreement or any of the material obligations 
of any Obligor under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement are not or cease to be legal, valid and binding.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
(g) 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and 
in particular the commencement of any legal, administrative or other 
proceedings against any Obligor) occurs which has or could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(h) 
BPCE fails to pay the Collateral Security Fee to any Contributing 
Guarantor and this failure is not remedied within sixty (60) Business 
Days from the relevant Collateral Security Fee Payment Date; 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger Event (as defined in the 
Hedging Letter) (i) the Lender fails to find an Eligible Hedging Provider 
agreeing to enter into any Issuer Hedging Transaction (as defined in the 
Hedging Letter) within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence 
date of such Hedging Trigger Event or (ii) BPCE fails to enter into any 
Borrower Hedging Transaction (as defined in the Hedging Letter) with 
the Issuer within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date of 
such Hedging Trigger Event; or 
(j) 
the Lender fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to Article R.513-
7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and BPCE does not assist the Lender in finding the means 
necessary to cure such failure within thirty (30) Business Days. 
For such purposes, "Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any entity, 
the occurrence of any of the following events: 
(i) the relevant entity is, or is deemed or declared for the purposes 
of any law to be, unable to pay its debts as they fall due or to be 
insolvent, including without limitation, en état de cessation des 
paiements, or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as 
they fall due; 
(ii) the relevant entity, by reason of financial difficulties, begins 
formal negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view 
to the general readjustment or rescheduling of any of its 
indebtedness or applies for or is subject to an amicable 
settlement (règlement amiable) pursuant to Articles L.611-1 et 
seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (or 
any similar provisions of any law other than French law); 
(iii) a meeting of the shareholders of the relevant entity is convened 
for the purpose of considering any resolution for (or to petition 
for) its winding-up or the liquidation of the relevant entity or the 
opening of proceedings in view of the safeguard (procédure de 
sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the debt (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the 
relevant entity or any such resolution is passed; 
(iv) any person presents a petition for the winding-up or the 
liquidation of the relevant entity or the opening of proceedings 
in view of the safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), the 
rescheduling of the debt (redressement judiciaire) or judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant entity and the 
petition is not discharged within thirty (30) days; 
(v) a judgement is issued for winding-up or the liquidation of the 
relevant entity or the opening of proceedings in view of the 
safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the 
debt 
(redressement 
judiciaire) 
or 
judicial 
liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant entity (or any similar 
proceedings under any law other than French law) or the transfer 
of the whole or part of the business of the relevant entity (cession 
de l'entreprise) pursuant to Articles L.620-1 et seq. of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (or any similar 
provisions of any law other than French law); or

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
(vi) any 
mandataire 
ad 
hoc, 
administrateur 
judiciaire, 
administrateur 
provisoire, 
conciliateur 
or 
mandataire 
liquidateur (or any equivalent under any law other than French 
law) is appointed in respect of the relevant entity or any material 
part of the directors of the relevant entity request such 
appointment. 
On and at any time after the occurrence of a Group Event of Default, the 
Lender may without mise en demeure or any other judicial or extra 
judicial step, by written notice to the Obligors' Agent: 
(i) cancel the Credit Facility whereupon it shall immediately be 
cancelled and no further utilisation request may be issued 
thereunder; and/or 
(ii) declare that all or part of the Borrower Loans, together with 
accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued or outstanding 
under, inter alia, the Credit Facility and Collateral Security be 
immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable; and/or 
(iii) enforce its rights under the Collateral Security. 
III. 
COVER RATIOS  
Statutory cover ratio: 
As a société de financement de l'habitat, the Issuer shall also comply, inter alia, 
with the following legal requirements: 
(a) sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio 
between their assets and their liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. 
According to Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all 
times maintain a ratio of at least 105 per cent. between their resources 
benefiting from the Privilège and their assets (including, prior to 8 July 2022, 
the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) and as from 8 July 2022, 
claims for payment attached to forward financial instruments benefiting from 
the Privilège as well as any collateral received in relation to such forward 
financial instruments), provided however that where the assets of a société de 
financement de l'habitat include receivables secured by other assets pursuant 
to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to 
L.313-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), those assets received as collateral security, whether by way of 
pledge or full transfer of title, shall be taken into account for the calculation of 
that ratio (instead of the receivables shown on the balance sheet of the société 
de financement de l'habitat); and 
(b) pursuant to Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), sociétés de financement de l'habitat must 
appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
whose tasks are: 
(i) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with 
Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) to certify that the cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (x) the société 
de financement de l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting 
from the Privilège and (y) any issue of resources benefiting from the 
Privilège and whose amount is at least Euro 500 million;  
(iii) to ensure that the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by 
the société de financement de l'habitat comply with the purpose of Article 
L.513-28 and with the requirements set out in Articles L.513-29 and 
L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier);

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
(iv) to control, when the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed 
by the société de financement de l'habitat are subject to a guarantee 
(cautionnement) from another credit institution (établissement de crédit), 
financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company 
(entreprise d'assurance) included in the consolidation scope, as defined 
by Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) as applicable to the société de financement de l'habitat, the 
risks assessment methods established by such credit institution, financing 
company or insurance company are adequate, in accordance with Article 
R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier);  
(v) to review, pursuant to Article 12 ter of Regulation No. 99-10 dated 9 July 
1999 on sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat (as amended as from 8 July 2022), the level of rate and maturity 
matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific 
controller believes that the level of rate and maturity matching would 
create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the Privilège, the 
specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de 
financement de l'habitat and the French Banking Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and  
(vi) as from 8 July 2022, to verify, pursuant to Article 2 and Article 3 of 
instruction n° 2022-I-05 of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), in relation to French law Notes and 
German law Notes for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, 
the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, that the provisions of 
Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (Capital Requirements 
Regulation) of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with.  
(See section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat") 
 
 
Asset Cover Test: 
In addition to the statutory overcollateralisation which the Issuer is required to 
comply with as a société de financement de l'habitat, under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement, the Management and Recovery Agent shall 
carry out a test on each Asset Cover Test Date to ensure that the amount of 
Collateral Security required pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement is in place (the "Asset Cover Test"). 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means, prior to and excluding, the date of occurrence of 
a Group Event of Default, (i) each Utilisation Date and (ii) the 25th day of each 
calendar month. 
"Utilisation" means an utilisation under the Credit Facility. 
"Utilisation Date" means the date of an Utilisation, being the date on which the 
relevant Loan is to be made.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the formulae of the Asset Cover Test set out 
in the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement is such that (i) the 
Lender comply with the statutory cover ratio (as described in the paragraph 
"Statutory cover ratio" above) and (ii) the Programme be rated Aaa by Moody's and 
AAA by S&P.  
If on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Test is not complied with, this 
event shall constitute a "Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test". A Non-
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test will not constitute a Group Event of Default. 
If a Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test has occurred and is not remedied 
prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date, a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" 
shall occur. 
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will result in a Group Event of Default within the 
meaning of the relevant terms of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
(See section entitled "Cover ratios"). 
 
IV. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
General Information: 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) and, so long as Notes are 
listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market in the EEA and/or 
offered to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in any Member State of the 
EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, and for at least ten years as 
from the Issue Date of such Notes the Final Terms relating to such Notes will be 
published on the websites of BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org). 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus, copies of this 
Base Prospectus and various other documents are available for inspection and 
obtainable upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on any 
weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 
75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France).

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The following are risk factors which the Issuer believes are specific to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risk associated with the Notes and/or may alter its ability to fulfil its 
obligations under the Notes towards investors and of which prospective investors should be aware.  
In each category below the Issuer sets out the most material risks, in its assessment, taking into account the 
negative impact of such risks and the probability of their occurrence. The materiality of the risks has been assessed 
based on the probability of their occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact on the Issuer. In 
each category, the most material risk factors are mentioned first according to each assessment.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme. Additional risks not included in this risk factors section below, e.g. because they are 
currently not material or not known by the Issuer, may result in material risks in the future.  
Prior to making an investment decision, prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be incorporated by reference herein) and 
make their own opinion about risk factors prior to making any investment decision. Investors should in particular 
conduct their own analysis and evaluation of the risks relating to the Issuer, its financial condition and the Notes 
and consult their own financial or legal advisers about risks associated with investment in a particular Series of 
Notes and the suitability of investing in the Notes in light of their particular circumstances. 
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meaning when used below. 
I. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER AND TO THE FUNCTIONING OF THE PROGRAMME 
A. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ISSUER  
(i) 
Risks related to the Issuer's operations and organisation  
Sole liability of the Issuer under the Notes 
The Issuer is the only entity which has obligations to pay principal and interest in respect of the Notes. The Notes 
will not be obligations or responsibilities of any other entity, including (but not limited to) BPCE (in any capacity 
but in particular in its capacity as Borrower, Administrative Agent, Management and Recovery Agent), the 
Arranger, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Dealers, the Representative, the Paying Agents, any participant in 
the Hedging Strategy (as applicable) or any company in the same group of companies as any of them, or the 
shareholders or directors or agents of any company in the same group of companies as any of them. As of 
28 February 2022, Collateral Security Assets totaled € 49.345 billion and consists of 656,109 loans with an average 
balance of € 75,209. 
In making an investment decision, investors must rely upon their own examination of the Issuer, the Collateral 
Security Assets, the terms and conditions of the Notes issued under the Programme and the financial information 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus. In the case of a Group Event of Default, the Collateral Security Assets may 
not be sufficient to pay in full the amounts payable under the Notes. 
Should the Issuer default from its obligations under the Notes, the Noteholders will have no other external remedies 
than to request such payment from the Issuer and, in particular, they will have no direct recourse to the Borrower 
or to the Collateral Security Assets. As a consequence, the situation of the Noteholders may be adversely and 
materially affected by a default of the Issuer and Noteholders could lose all of their investments in the Notes. 
Reliance of the Issuer on third parties 
The Issuer has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services for 
the Issuer. In particular, but without limitation, the Issuer has appointed BPCE: 
(a) 
as Administrative Agent to provide the Issuer with certain services in connection with (i) the administrative, 
logistic, tax, accounting and regulatory treatment, the internal control and the legal assistance of the Issuer 
and (ii) the exercise of certain of its rights and the performance of certain of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents (such as the preparation and sending, or the receipt, of all necessary documents and 
notifications, subject to the specific tasks ascribed to the Management and Recovery Agent under the 
Management and Recovery Agreement and/or the other Programme Documents); and 
(b) 
as Management and Recovery Agent, as provided for by Article L.513-15 et seq. of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in order to: (i) manage and recover (gérer et recouvrer) 
inter alia the Borrower Loans; (ii) manage the Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat and other resources 
of the Issuer; (iii) open the bank accounts of the Issuer; (iv) manage and invest the Issuer's available cash; 
and (v) provide calculation services to the Issuer.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The Issuer has also appointed the Guarantors in order to service the Collateral Security Assets under the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. 
Under the Hedging Strategy, the Issuer is also reliant on the Borrowers (only until a Group Event of Default) 
and/or any relevant Eligible Hedging Provider(s) to provide it with the funds matching its obligations under the 
Notes (see "The Hedging Strategy"). 
In the event that the Administrative Agent, the Management and Recovery Agent, the Guarantors or any other 
relevant party providing services to the Issuer under the Programme Documents fails to perform its obligations 
under the relevant agreement(s) to which it is a party, the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes 
may be adversely affected.  
For instance, if the Guarantors have failed to adequately service the Collateral Security Assets and/or the Collateral 
Security, this may lead to an undermined value of the Collateral Security or any part thereof, and in turn, the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be affected.  
Any failure, bad or delayed performance by a third party service provider as well as any delay or inability to 
appoint a substitute entity may materially and adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes up to the required amount and/or on the relevant due date. As a result, Noteholders could lose all or a 
substantial part of their investment in the Notes.  
Substitution risk 
In the event of a downgrading of the short-term and/or long-term debt of one or more parties to the Programme 
Documents (such as the Eligible Hedging Providers, the Management and Recovery Agent, or the Administrative 
Agent) or under certain circumstances described in the Programme Documents, leading to the substitution of one 
or more of these parties pursuant to the terms of the Programme Documents, a substitute entity may not be found. 
In particular, if an event leading to the termination of the appointment of BPCE as Management and Recovery 
Agent occurs pursuant to the terms of the Management and Recovery Agreement, then the Issuer will be required 
to appoint a substitute Management and Recovery Agent in its place. Such substitute Management and Recovery 
Agent with sufficient experience who would be willing and able to service the same on the terms of the 
Management and Recovery Agreement may not be found. In particular, upon the occurrence of any Group Event 
of Default and the subsequent enforcement of the Collateral Security and the transfer to the Issuer of the Collateral 
Security Assets, and if BPCE is no longer in a position to act as Management and Recovery Agent, a substitute 
Management and Recovery Agent with sufficient experience of servicing such transferred Collateral Security 
Assets who would be willing and able to service the same on the terms of the Management and Recovery 
Agreement may not be found. The ability of a substitute Management and Recovery Agent to perform fully the 
required services would depend, amongst other things, on the information, software and records available at the 
time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a substitute Management and Recovery Agent may 
adversely affect the realisable value of the Collateral Security Assets or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes. No Management and Recovery Agent has (nor will have, as applicable) 
any obligation itself to advance payments that the Borrowers and/or Guarantors fails to make in a timely manner. 
Neither the Representative nor any other party (save for BPCE itself) is obliged in any circumstances to act as a 
Management and Recovery Agent or to monitor the performance by any Management and Recovery Agent of its 
obligations. 
The failure to proceed to the substitution of BPCE in any of the Programme Documents would adversely and 
materially affect the functioning of the Programme and as a consequence the ability of the Issuer to perform its 
obligations under the Programme. Consequently, the Programme and the related Programme Documents may not 
effectively function up to the Maturity Date of the Notes.  
Liquidity risk 
Each Borrower Loan granted by the Issuer for the benefit of the Borrowers under the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement shall be made available with the same maturity as those applicable to the Notes funding 
such Borrower Loan. As a consequence, as long as no Group Event of Default has occurred, the Issuer shall not 
be exposed to any liquidity risk regarding the Borrower Loan and the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Group Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, Home Loans and 
related Home Loans Security will be transferred to the Issuer and the Issuer may face a liquidity risk in case the 
maturity of the Home Loans being part of the Collateral Security is not congruent with the maturity of the Notes. 
As of 28 February 2022, Collateral Security Assets consists of 656,109 loans with an average seasoning of 
62 months (5.2 years) and a weighted average remaining life of 171 months (14.25 years). As of 25 March 2022, 
the outstanding amount of Notes issued by the Issuer is €35.248 billion in principal amount, with an average 
remaining life of 6.83 years, the latest final maturity of the outstanding Notes being currently April 2049.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Although the Issuer is legally bound to ensure at any time adequate coverage of its liquidity needs with several 
tools (see section entitled "Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat – Regulatory Liquidity test"), there is a remaining risk that these rules would not suffice. If the Issuer is 
not able to cover its liquidity needs, this may have a negative impact on the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes in a timely manner and in particular, its ability to make payments under the Notes may be 
negatively affected. 
Certain conflicts of interest 
Conflicts of interest may arise during the life of the Programme as a result of various factors involving certain 
parties to the Programme Documents. For example, such potential conflicts may arise because (i) BPCE acts in 
several capacities under the Programme Documents, it being provided that its rights and obligations under the 
Programme Documents are not contractually conflicting and are independent from one another or (ii) the Dealers 
and their respective affiliates have been engaged, or will be engaged, in lending, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Issuer, the Group and/or the Dealers, as 
applicable and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their respective affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) 
and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. 
Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Borrower. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer or the Borrower routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer and/or the Borrower consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could negatively affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities 
and instruments.  
Also during the course of their business activities, the parties to the Programme Documents and/or any respective 
affiliates may operate, service, acquire or sell properties, or finance loans secured by properties, which are in the 
same markets as the Home Loans. In such cases, the interest of any of those parties or their affiliates or the interest 
of other parties for whom they perform servicing functions may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the 
Issuer or of the holders of the Notes. 
The Notes may be distributed by institutions in charge of collecting subscription orders from investors and such 
institutions may, as the case may be, be related to Groupe BPCE. Consequently, during the offer period, some 
conflicts of interest may arise between the interests of such distributors and/or Groupe BPCE and those of the 
Noteholders.  
The Issuer may from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may 
affect negatively the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could have a negative effect on the 
Noteholders.  
The Issuer may appoint a Dealer as calculation agent in respect of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In 
such a case the calculation agent is likely to be a member of an international financial group that is involved, in 
the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may 
arise. Whilst such a calculation agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions 
involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and 
on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could have a negative 
effect on the Noteholders. 
Modification, alteration or amendment without Noteholders prior consent 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, the Issuer 
may, with prior Rating Confirmation (as defined above in section entitled "General Description of the 
Programme") and without prior consent of the Noteholders, concur with any person in making any modifications, 
alterations or supplements to any Programme Document to which it is a party. All Programme Documents other 
than the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes may be amended, modified, altered or supplemented 
without the prior consent of the Noteholders. Such modification, alteration or amendment to Programme 
Documents may differ from, and compete with, the interest of the Issuer and may materially affect the ability of 
the Issuer to perform its obligations under the Notes and the functioning of the Programme.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
Subject to the qualifications described in the relevant Programme Document(s) to which it is a party, the Issuer 
may, without prior Rating Confirmation and without the prior consent of the Noteholders, concur with any person 
in making any modifications, alterations or supplements to any Programme Document to which it is a party if such 
modification, alteration or supplement is: 
- 
to cure any ambiguity, omission, defect or inconsistency in the relevant Programme Document; 
- 
to evidence or effect the transition of any party to a Programme Document to which it is a party to any 
successor; 
- 
to add to the undertakings and other obligations of any party (except the Issuer) under a Programme 
Document to which it is a party; or 
- 
to comply with any mandatory requirements of applicable laws and regulations.  
Therefore, the rights of the Noteholders may be negatively affected as they may be bound by changes to which 
they have not agreed.  
Substitution Assets 
Any available funds standing to the credit of the accounts of the Issuer (prior to their allocation and distribution) 
shall be invested by the Management and Recovery Agent in Substitution Assets. As of 28 February 2022, 
according to applicable regulation, available funds can be invested in short term investments at credit institutions 
of credit quality step 2 or above (up to 100 days maturity), and in long term investments of credit quality step 1 
(for maturities in excess of 100 days). None of the Arranger, the Issuer, the Administrative Agent, the Management 
and Recovery Agent, or any other party to the Programme Documents guarantees the market value of the 
Substitution Assets. None of them shall be liable if the market value of any of the Substitution Assets fluctuates 
and decreases. The value of the Substitution Assets may fluctuate depending on the financial markets. Any such 
volatility may negatively affect the value of such Substitution Assets and expose negatively the Issuer to a credit 
risk in relation to the issuers of such Substitution Assets.  
(ii) 
Risks related to swaps and options derivatives 
After the occurrence of a Group Event of Default 
The Home Loans being part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest at the same conditions as those of the 
Notes and may not be denominated in the same currency as the Notes and, as a result, the Issuer may be exposed 
to interest and/or currency risk regarding the advances and the Notes.  
Upon the occurrence of a Group Event of Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, Home Loans and 
related Home Loans Security will be transferred to the Issuer. In this case, in order to pre-empt and hedge the 
potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Notes and to the Home Loans and the potential mismatch 
of currencies, the Issuer has undertaken, upon the occurrence of the earlier between (i) a Hedging Rating Trigger 
Event or (ii) a Group Event of Default, to enter into the necessary Issuer Hedging Transactions with any relevant 
Eligible Hedging Provider and, upon the occurrence of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event and as long as no Group 
Event of Default has occurred, to enter into the corresponding Borrower Hedging Transaction with BPCE, pursuant 
to Issuer Hedging Agreements and Borrower Hedging Agreements in the forms attached as annex to the Hedging 
Letter. However, the hedging documentation agreed under the Hedging Letter may not be concluded, and in 
particular, all relevant Eligible Hedging Provider(s) may not be found and may not accept to enter into that hedging 
documentation as agreed under the Hedging Letter. As a consequence, any delay or inability to enter into such 
hedging documentation may negatively affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger Event, a failure (i) by BPCE SFH to find an Eligible Hedging Provider 
agreeing to enter into any Issuer Hedging Transaction within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date 
of such Hedging Trigger Event or (ii) by BPCE to enter into any Borrower Hedging Transaction with the Issuer 
within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date of such Hedging Trigger Event, in each case in the form 
attached as annex thereto, shall constitute a Group Event of Default. As a consequence, the situation of the 
Noteholders may be adversely affected by a Group Event of Default and Noteholders could lose all of their 
investments in the Notes. 
Performance and termination of the hedging documentation 
The Issuer will be dependent upon the performance by the Eligible Hedging Providers of their payment obligations 
under the relevant Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction(s) and Issuer Hedging Agreement and by 
BPCE under the relevant Borrower Hedging Agreement to perform its own payment obligations under the Notes. 
In addition, in certain circumstances, the hedging documentation contemplated under the Hedging Strategy may 
be terminated and as a result the Issuer may be unhedged if replacement interest rate and/or currency derivative

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
transactions are not entered into. Any such consequences may materially affect the ability of the Issuer to perform 
its obligations under the Notes. 
For more details on the Hedging Strategy, please see "The Hedging Strategy". 
B. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BORROWER AND TO THE COLLATERAL SECURITY 
(i) 
Risks related to the Borrowers 
Borrowers' ability to pay under the Borrower Loans 
Payment of any sums of principal or interest under the Borrower Loan are not guaranteed by any party to the 
Programme Documents (without prejudice to the Collateral Security granted by the Guarantors). As of 25 March 
2022, the Borrower Loans amounted to €35.248 billion and the total amount of the Collateral Security Assets was 
€49.345 billion as of 28 February 2022. 
If the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from the Borrowers under the Borrower Loans, this may adversely 
affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. The Issuer may therefore be exposed to the 
occurrence of credit risk in relation to the Borrowers under the Borrower Loans.  
In addition, should any Borrower be subjected to any applicable proceedings referred to in Book VI of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (pertaining to insolvency proceedings as a matter of French law), this 
would impair the ability of the Issuer to claim against such Borrower for obtaining timely payment of amounts of 
principal and interest due and payable under the Borrower Loan and the Issuer will not be entitled to accelerate 
the payment of such amounts. 
However, pursuant to Article L.211-38-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the Collateral Security shall be enforceable, even when the relevant Guarantor is the subject of any such 
proceedings. 
(ii) 
Risks related to the Collateral Security 
No interpretation by French courts of rules applicable to Collateral Security 
The Pledges granted by the Guarantors over Eligible Assets in favour of the Issuer to constitute the Collateral 
Security will be granted, and, as the case may be, enforced, in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.211-
38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) implementing Directive 
2002/47/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 June 2002 on financial collateral arrangements, 
which has been amended by Directive 2009/44/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 6 May 2009 
(the "Collateral Directive"). 
Although these French laws are in full force and effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Noteholders should 
note that French courts have not yet had the opportunity to interpret Articles L.211-38 et seq. of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), and therefore the manner in which the Collateral 
Security would be enforced by a French court is uncertain. The Issuer cannot give any assurance as to the manner 
in which French courts will or will not apply rules applicable to Collateral Security and the effects of such rulings 
could be materially adverse to the functioning of the Collateral Security. 
No prior notification to debtors under the Home Loans granted as Collateral Security 
The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement will provide that the relevant Home Loans and Home 
Loan Security will be granted as collateral security without notification or information of the underlying borrowers 
under such Home Loans. Such borrowers will only be notified if and when the relevant collateral security is 
enforced following a Group Event of Default. Notification of such borrowers will only be effected once following 
such Group Event of Default, the relevant collateral security has been enforced. As long as no such notification 
has taken place, any payments made by any borrower under the relevant Home Loans will continue to be validly 
made by such borrowers to the relevant Guarantor, even though title to such Home Loans would have been validly 
transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of the relevant collateral security. 
Each borrower under the Home Loans may further raise defences (which may include, as applicable, any set-off 
right) against the Issuer arising from such borrower's relationship with the Guarantor to the extent that such 
defences (i) are existing prior to the notification of the transfer of the relevant Home Loan Receivable or (ii) arise 
out of mutual claims (compensation de créances connexes) between the borrower and the Guarantor which are 
closely connected with that Home Loan Receivable (irrespective of whether such notification has been made before 
or after such claims have arisen). 
Until notification to the borrowers under the Home Loans has been made and provided that, at such time, an 
Insolvency Event has occurred in respect of the Guarantors, French insolvency law will prevent the Issuer from

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
recovering from the Guarantors any collections received by the Guarantors under the relevant Home Loans which 
are commingled with other funds of the Guarantors. 
However, the notification to the borrowers under the relevant Home Loans may not be made at the times required 
and the Issuer may not be able to obtain effective direct payment from the borrowers under the relevant Home 
Loans in a sufficient timely manner, which may affect negatively payments under the Notes. In this situation, a 
shortfall in distributions of interest to Noteholders may result.  
Impact of the hardening period on the Collateral Security 
The Guarantors may grant the Collateral Security as security in favour of the Lender under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement. The hardening period (période suspecte) may apply to Collateral Security under 
the Programme. 
The hardening period (période suspecte) is a period of time determined by the bankruptcy judge upon the judgment 
recognising that the cessation of payments (cessation des paiements) of the insolvent company has occurred. The 
hardening period begins up to eighteen (18) months before the date of such judgment. 
Although an extensive interpretation of Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) may lead to the conclusion that the rules pertaining to the nullity of acts concluded during 
the hardening period (période suspecte) (as provided for in Articles L.632-1 and L.632-2 of the French Commercial 
Code (Code de commerce)) shall be entirely disapplied in respect of guarantees governed by Article L.211-38 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), it cannot be asserted with complete 
certainty.  
However, it cannot be excluded that Article L.211-40 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier) does not intend to overrule Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), 
which provides for a potential nullity of acts which are onerous (actes à titre onéreux) if the counterparty of the 
debtor was aware, at the time of conclusion of such acts, that the debtor was unable to pay its debts due with its 
available funds (en état de cessation des paiements). Should Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) be deemed applicable, nullity of the Collateral Security could be sought, if the Lender was 
aware, at the time where the Collateral Security were granted (or the subject of an addition or a substitution), that 
the relevant Guarantor was unable to pay its debt due with its available funds (en état de cessation des paiements).  
If the Collateral Security is null and void or reduced by a judge, the Issuer would have no recourse against the 
Collateral Security and this may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
Disproportionate Guarantee 
The Guarantors may grant the Collateral Security as security in favour of the Lender under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement. However, pursuant to Article L.650-1 of the French Commercial Code (Code 
de commerce), a creditor may be held liable towards a bankrupt debtor if the credit granted by it to such debtor 
entailed a damage and the security interest securing such credit is disproportionate (disproportionné) compared to 
that credit. In such case, such security interest will be null and void or reduced by a judge. Any of such 
consequences may adversely affect the Collateral Security and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes. 
Maintenance of value of the Collateral Security prior to or following enforcement thereof 
If the value of the Home Loans and related Home Loan Security granted as Collateral Security in favour of the 
Issuer pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement has not been maintained in accordance 
with the terms of the Asset Cover Test or the other provisions of the Programme Documents, this may negatively 
affect the value of the Collateral Security or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Group 
Event of Default) or the price or value of such Home Loans and related Home Loan Security upon the sale or 
refinancing thereof by the Issuer and the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
The value of the properties securing the Home Loans may decrease as a result of any number of factors, including 
the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, 
mortgage interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, increasing utility 
costs and other day-to-day expenses, political risks and government policies. As of 25 March 2022, the 
overcollateralisation ratio of the Issuer is at 139%. The asset cover ratio is at 118%, to be compared to a minimum 
requirement of 100%. 
A Non-compliance with the Asset Cover Test on any Asset Cover Test Date will not result in a Group Event of 
Default, unless it remains unremedied until the next Asset Cover Test Date, in which case it will constitute a 
Breach of Asset Cover Test resulting in a Group Event of Default.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Sale or refinancing of Home Loans and related Home Loan Security by the Issuer following enforcement of the 
Collateral Security 
After title to Home Loans and related Home Loan Security has been transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of 
the Collateral Security following the occurrence of a Group Enforcement Notice (the "Transferred Assets"), the 
Management and Recovery Agent (or the substitute Management and Recovery Agent) acting on behalf of the 
Issuer has undertaken to sell or refinance the Transferred Assets and the Substitution Assets (if any) in order for 
the Issuer to be able to make payments when due under the relevant Series of Notes. 
The Management and Recovery Agent (or the substitute Management and Recovery Agent) acting on behalf of 
the Issuer will be obliged to sell or refinance Home Loans, related Home Loan Security and Substitution Assets in 
accordance with the Management and Recovery Agreement (see "The Issuer - The Management and Recovery 
Agreement"). 
A buyer may not be found to acquire Home Loans, related Home Loan Security or Substitution Assets at the times 
required and the price which may be obtained may vary, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to make 
payments when due under the Notes. 
In addition, in respect of any sale or refinancing of Home Loans, related Home Loan Security and Substitution 
Assets to third parties, the Issuer will not be permitted to give warranties or indemnities in respect of those assets. 
Representations or warranties previously given by the Guarantors in respect of such assets pursuant to the terms 
of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement may not benefit to third party purchaser of such assets 
upon sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer. Accordingly, there is a risk that the price or value of such assets 
upon the sale or refinancing thereof by the Issuer be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties 
which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments when due under the relevant Series 
of Notes. 
Changes in Eligible Assets granted by the Guarantors as Collateral Security 
The Guarantors may effect a substitution in respect of, or as the need may be, increase the amount of Eligible 
Assets granted by it as Collateral Security under the Collateral Security, in accordance with Article L.211-38 et 
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the provisions of the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. Consequently, any Eligible Assets so added as Collateral Security 
may not perform in a similar manner to those Eligible Assets granted as Collateral Security, it being specified that 
Eligible Assets included in the Collateral Security shall comply with the eligibility criteria set out in the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. As of 28 February 2022, the amount of the Eligible Assets is €50.1 
billion in addition to the cover pool and the assets held in the SFH reserve (respectively €49.345 billion and 
€1.6 billion). 
C. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE HOME LOANS AND TO THE HOME LOAN SECURITY 
Debtors' ability to pay under the Home Loans 
The borrowers under the Home Loans are individuals having borrowed under the Home Loans in order to finance 
residential real estate property. The ability of such debtors to make a timely payment mainly depends on their 
ability to generate sufficient income. As a result, the Home Loans selected in the cover pool are strictly under the 
loan-to-income ratio threshold of 33%. 
None of the Borrower, the Guarantors, the Issuer or any other party to the Programme Documents does guarantee 
or warrant full and timely payment by the borrowers under the Home Loans of any sums payable under such Home 
Loans. 
The ability of each borrower under the Home Loans to make timely payment of amounts due under such Home 
Loans will mainly depend on its assets and its liabilities as well as its ability to generate sufficient income to make 
payments under the relevant Home Loans. Its ability to generate income may be adversely affected by a large 
number of factors, some of which (i) relate specifically to the borrower itself (including but not limited to their 
age and health, employment situation, family situation, creditworthiness or expropriation) or (ii) are more general 
in nature (such as changes in governmental regulations, fiscal policy, etc.). 
If, following enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Issuer does not receive the full amount due from the 
borrowers in respect of such Home Loans, this may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Notes. The Issuer may therefore be exposed to the occurrence of credit risk in relation to the borrowers 
under the Home Loans.  
Prepayment 
The rate of prepayment of Home Loans is influenced by a wide variety of economic, social and other factors, 
including prevailing market interest rates, changes in tax laws (including but not limited to amendments to

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
mortgage interest tax deductibility), local and regional economic conditions and changes in borrower's behaviour 
(including but not limited to home-owner mobility). Two prepayment rates are used: (i) the historical prepayment 
rate is calculated from the creation of BPCE SFH in 2011 and is 8.16% as of 31 December 2021 and (ii) the 
quarterly prepayment rate is at 7.52% as of 31 December 2021. As of 28 February 2022, the overcollateralisation 
ratio of the Issuer is at 139%. 
A high level of prepayment of the Home Loans and a variation in the rate of prepayments of principal on the Home 
Loans may negatively affect the ability of the Issuer to realise sufficient funds to make payments under the Notes 
upon the service of a Group Enforcement Notice and then transfer of title of the Home Loans and Home Loan 
Security in favour of the Issuer. The Issuer calibrates its cover pool taking into account the risk induced by high 
prepayment rates. The impact of prepayment rates is monitored through projections made on the cover pool using 
various level of prepayment rates (from conservative to less conservative).  
No independent investigation - representations and warranties 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Administrative Agent, the Management and Recovery Agent or any other 
party to any Programme Document has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other due 
diligence regarding the Home Loans, the related Home Loan Security or as to the status and/or the creditworthiness 
of the borrowers under the Home Loans. Each of them has relied solely on the representations and warranties given 
by the Guarantors under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. The levels of the asset cover 
ratio of 118% as of 25 March 2022 and the regulatory coverage ratio of 110.61% as of 31 December 2021 are well 
above contractual and regulatory requirements, meaning that BPCE SFH can count on a decently sized cover pool 
in light of the loans granted to Borrowers. 
If any breach of eligibility criteria relating to any Home Loan is material and (if capable of remedy) is not remedied, 
the Guarantors shall be required under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement to provide 
sufficient eligible Home Loans in order to maintain compliance with the Asset Cover Test. 
However, failure to maintain such compliance with the Asset Cover Test may result in the Issuer having 
insufficient funds to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
Changes to the lending criteria of the Guarantors 
Each of the Home Loans originated by the Guarantors will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that each Guarantor's lending criteria will generally consider type 
of financed property, debt-to-income ratio, term of loan, age of applicant, loan-to-value ratio, status of applicants 
and credit history. One of the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria requires that, prior to the date upon which the Home 
Loan has been made available to the borrower thereof, all lending criteria and preconditions as applied by the 
originator of the Home Loan pursuant to its customary lending procedures were satisfied. Each of the Guarantors 
retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time. If the lending criteria change in a manner that 
affects the creditworthiness of the Home Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers thereof and may 
affect negatively the realisable value of the Collateral Security Assets or part thereof, and the ability of the Issuer 
to make payments under the Notes upon the service of a Group Enforcement Notice and then transfer of title to 
the Home Loans and Home Loan Security in favour of the Issuer.  
Enforcement of Home Loan Guarantees 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, a large majority of Home Loans are guaranteed by Compagnie Européenne 
de Garanties et Cautions, Crédit Logement and Parnasse Garanties (76%) and the remainder are Mortgages. If 
following (i) enforcement of the Collateral Security, (ii) transfer of title to the Home Loans and Home Loan 
Security in favour of the Issuer and then notification of the borrowers under such Home Loans and (iii) 
enforcement of its rights by the Issuer under the relevant Home Loan Guarantees against the Home Loans 
Guarantors thereunder, such Home Loans Guarantors do not pay in whole or in part any amounts due under the 
relevant Home Loan Guarantees for whatever reason or do not pay such amounts in a timely manner, this may 
affect negatively the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes.  
Limited description of the Home Loans 
The holders of the Notes will only receive on a periodical and pool basis not reflecting the changes which occurred 
since the last period of time, detailed statistics or information in relation to the Home Loans or to the Collateral 
Security Assets, because it is expected that the constitution of the security over the Collateral Security Assets may 
constantly change due to, for instance, the Guarantors granting security over additional and/or new Collateral 
Security Assets or new Guarantors acceding to the Programme. However, each Home Loan granted as Collateral 
Security will be required to meet the applicable eligibility criteria. As a consequence, the credit quality of the 
Home Loans or the Collateral Security Assets may be gradually adversely affected. As of 28 February 2022, 
Collateral Security Assets totaled €49.345 billion, with 656,109 loans with an average loan balance of €75,209, a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
weighted average loan to value ratio of 70.43% (61.01% indexed), an average seasoning of 62 months (5.2 years) 
and a weighted average remaining life of 171 months (14.25 years). 
Foreclosing on real property granted as security under French law governed mortgages 
Foreclosure is subject to strict enforcement rules under French law (specific rules are provided for mortgages to 
be registered in the departments of Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle; however, these specific rules do not 
substantially change the outline of these procedures set out below.) 
Foreclosure on property (saisie immobilière) situated in France by secured creditors may require the sale of the 
property at a public auction (vente aux enchères) if the sale cannot be made voluntarily by the borrower (conversion 
en vente volontaire or à l'amiable). The foreclosure procedure may take up to one year and a half in normal 
circumstances. The first step in the foreclosure procedure consists of delivering a foreclosure notice to the borrower 
by a bailiff or huissier (a process server or commandement de saisie immobilière). This notice should be filed at 
the French Land and Charges Registry having jurisdiction in the district where the relevant real property is located. 
The next step is to instruct a local lawyer (avocat) to prepare the terms of the sale of the property at auction, 
including the reserve price of the relevant real property (such instruction is not mandatory in the departments of 
Haut-Rhin, Bas-Rhin and Moselle).  
Finally, a number of legal notices are required to be given prior to the sale. The borrower may file objections 
against such foreclosure (including the reserve price), the validity of which will be decided by a competent court. 
If no bid is made at the public auction, and provided there is only one foreclosing creditor, such foreclosing creditor 
is declared the highest bidder and is thus obliged to purchase the property at a reserve price specified in the terms 
of the sale.  
If no agreement is reached (for instance if the sale price of the property is substantially below the amount of the 
secured debt), the third party will still be entitled to offer to pay the sale price to the secured creditors in order to 
clear all privileges and mortgages granted over the relevant property (purge judiciaire). Secured creditors may 
refuse this offer if they consider that the sale price has been underestimated by the borrower and the third party. In 
this case, an auction will be ordered with a minimum bid which is the price offered by the relevant third party 
being made to the secured creditor, plus ten per cent. (10%). 
The French legal procedures to be followed in relation to the enforcement of French law governed mortgages and 
related expenses may adversely affect the Issuer's ability to liquidate the properties secured under such mortgages 
efficiently and in a timely manner and to obtain payment of the enforcement proceeds in a timely manner. 
II. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
A. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE STRUCTURE AND FEATURES OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF 
NOTES 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common such features: 
(i) 
Risks related to the interest payable on the Notes  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Condition 5(b) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a 
fixed rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a fixed rate (a "Fixed Rate") 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely affect the value of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. 
While the nominal interest rate of a fixed interest rate note is determined during the term of such note or within a 
given period of time, the market interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As 
the Market Interest Rate changes, the price of the note varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest Rate 
increases, the price of the note typically decreases, until the yield of the note equals approximately the Market 
Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a fixed rate note typically increases, until the yield 
of the bond equals approximately the Market Interest Rate.  
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for 
Noteholders if Noteholders sell Notes during the period in which the Market Interest Rate exceeds the Fixed Rate 
of the Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have 
a significant adverse effect on the price of the Notes and cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary 
market to lose part of their initial investment.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(c) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a 
floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Investment in Notes which bear interest at a floating rate comprises (i) a 
reference rate and (ii) a margin to be added or subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate (a "Floating 
Rate"). Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the life of the Notes but there will be a periodic 
adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) 
months) which itself will change in accordance with general market conditions. Accordingly, the market value of 
Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short term changes, to market interest rates evidenced 
by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest rate of these Notes upon the next periodic 
adjustment of the relevant reference rate. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but 
any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the yield of Floating Rate Notes and give rise to 
reinvestment risk. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Condition 5(d) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a 
fixed/floating rate, fixed/fixed rate and floating/floating rate of interest to Noteholders. Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, or from a 
Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate. Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate 
that the Issuer may elect to convert from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a different 
Floating Rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value 
of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost 
of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a Fixed Rate to a Floating Rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new Floating Rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a Floating Rate to a Fixed Rate, the Fixed Rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a 
significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. Therefore, investors could receive a lower return on 
the Notes and, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
Investors should refer to "Fixed Rate Notes" and "Floating Rate Notes" risk factors set out above.  
Reform and regulation of Benchmarks  
Pursuant to Condition 5(c) and where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes identifies that 
the Rate of Interest for such Floating Rate Notes will be determined by reference to interest rates and indices, 
which are deemed to be Benchmarks (such as EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or any other reference rate specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), such Benchmarks have been the subject of recent international, national and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform differently from the past or disappear 
entirely, to be subject to revised calculation methods, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Floating Rate Note linked to or referencing such 
Benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds, 
as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation") entered into force on 30 June 2016, with the majority of its provisions 
applying from 1 January 2018.  
The Benchmark Regulation (i) requires "benchmark" administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU 
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive 
requirements in relation to the administration of "benchmarks" (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to equivalent 
requirements) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of "benchmarks" of administrators that are 
not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). In the United 
Kingdom, the Benchmark Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 provides for equivalent sets of rules. 
The Benchmark Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating Rate Notes traded on a trading venue or 
via a "systematic internaliser" linked to or referencing a Benchmark. Notably, the methodology or other terms of 
the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, and such 
changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or affecting the 
volatility of the published rate or level of the Benchmark.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early 
or otherwise impacted depending on the particular Benchmark and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate 
Notes or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or regulatory reforms, or any enhanced regulatory scrutiny of 
"benchmarks" or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes, 
could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a Benchmark and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect on certain Benchmarks 
(such as EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or any other reference rate specified in the relevant Final Terms) of (i) 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such Benchmarks, (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or the methodologies used in such Benchmarks or (iii) leading to the disappearance of such 
Benchmarks. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international, national 
or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a significant adverse effect on 
the market value of and return on any Notes linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
If a Benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Notes which 
are linked to or reference such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions 
applicable to such Floating Rate Notes (it being specified that in case of discontinuation of the Relevant Rate or 
occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event, a specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor 
entitled "The discontinuance of the Relevant Rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could 
have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Note linked to or referencing such 
Benchmarks" below). However, such fall-back provisions may be deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the 
European Commission or the relevant national authority, as further explained below. 
Depending on the manner in which a Benchmark is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Notes, this may (i) if ISDA Determination or FBF Determination applies, be reliant upon the 
provision by reference banks of offered quotations for the Benchmark which, depending on market 
circumstances, may not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in 
the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the 
Benchmark was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, any Floating Rate Note linked to or referencing a Benchmark. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 has amended 
the existing provisions of the Benchmark Regulation by extending the transitional provisions applicable to 
material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021.  
The Benchmark Regulation was notably amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or wind-
down of certain Benchmarks by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain Benchmarks 
on the European Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts and 
financial instruments (such as certain French law Notes issued under the Programme) which contain no fallback 
provision or no suitable fallback provisions before the date of cessation of the Benchmark concerned. For instance, 
if pursuant to a fallback provision included in Condition 5(c)(iii) of the Terms and Conditions a Benchmark is 
replaced by a Benchmark which no longer reflects or which significantly diverges from the underlying market or 
the economic reality that the Benchmark in cessation is intended to measure, a statutory replacement of such 
Benchmark may be designated. This replacement could have a negative impact on the value or liquidity of, and 
return on, certain French law Notes issued under the Programme linked to or referencing such Benchmark and 
may not operate as intended at the relevant time or may perform differently from the discontinued or otherwise 
unavailable Benchmark. However, there are still uncertainties about the exact implementation of this provision 
pending the implementing acts of the European Commission. 
In addition, Regulation (EU) 2021/168 is subject to further development through delegated regulations, the 
transitional provisions applicable to third-country Benchmarks are extended until the end of 2023 and the European 
Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, if necessary. Such developments 
may create uncertainty regarding any future legislative or regulatory requirements arising from the implementation 
of delegated regulations. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to €STR 
Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d) allows for the issuance of Notes which are linked to Euro short term rate ("€STR"). The 
market continues to develop in relation to €STR as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an 
alternative to EONIA.  
The market may adopt an application of €STR that differs significantly from that set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the French law Notes and used in relation to the Floating Rate Notes with a floating rate of interest

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
that reference a €STR rate and that the Issuer may in the future issue notes referencing €STR in a way that differs 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous notes issued by the Issuer 
referencing €STR. 
The development of the use of €STR as interest reference rate for bond markets, as well as continued development 
of €STR based rate for such markets and of the market infrastructure for adopting such rate, could result in reduced 
liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Floating Rate Notes. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes which reference a €STR rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the 
relevant observation period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date and it could be difficult 
for investors to estimate in advance the interest amount which will be payable on such Floating Rate Notes.  
Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of €STR as a reference rate in the 
bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put 
in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of any Notes.  
The adoption of alternative overnight risk-free rate may be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that 
is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the Floating Rate Notes. 
The discontinuance of the relevant rate or occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing such Benchmarks 
Where FBF Determination, ISDA Determination and Screen Rate Determination are specified as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes is to be determined and if the Relevant Rate has been 
discontinued or an Administrator/Benchmark Event (only applicable for Screen Rate Determination, as further 
described in Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes) has occurred, the Rate 
of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will be changed in ways that may be adverse to holders of such 
Floating Rate Notes, without any requirement to obtain the consent of such holders.  
Pursuant to the Terms and Conditions of any Floating Rate Notes for which Screen Rate Determination is specified, 
such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in Conditions 5(c)(iii)(D)), and may include concomitant changes to 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes necessary to make the Replacement Relevant Rate (as defined in Conditions 
5 (c)(iii)(D)) as comparable as possible to the previous Relevant Rate, all as determined by the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent. 
Given the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and the involvement of a Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time and the 
Replacement Relevant Rate may perform differently from the discontinued Benchmark. In addition, pursuant to 
Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 10 February 2021 they may be 
deviated from if deemed unsuitable by the Commission or the relevant national authority. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to determine an appropriate Replacement Relevant Rate for 
any Relevant Rate on or prior to the next following Interest Determination Date, then the provisions for the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the affected Floating Rate Notes will not be changed. In such cases, the 
Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes provide that the Rate of Interest on such Floating Rate Notes shall 
be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination Date, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent (i.e. which may result in the effective application of a fixed rate). In such circumstances and a rising interest 
rate environment, Noteholders will, consequently, not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of such 
Floating Rate Notes could therefore be adversely and materially affected. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant rate 
could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a material 
adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. Investors should 
note that, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will have discretion to adjust the relevant Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) in the circumstances described above. Any such adjustment could have unexpected 
commercial consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholders, any such adjustment may 
not be favourable to each Noteholder.  
Zero Coupon Notes  
Condition 5(e) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes allows for the issuance of Notes that pay a 
zero coupon rate of interest to Noteholders. Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact 
on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes than on the prices of ordinary Notes because the discounted issue prices are 
substantially below par. If market interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher price losses than 
other Notes having the same maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
of investment associated with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of 
their investment in the Notes. 
(ii) 
Risks related to the pricing and rating of the Notes  
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The issue price of any specific Tranche of Notes will be determined in the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may 
be issued at a substantial discount or premium to their nominal amount. The market values of Notes issued at a 
substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes 
in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining 
term of the Notes, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
adverse effect on the value and marketability of the Notes. Therefore, holders of Notes issued at a substantial 
discount or premium could be exposed to greater losses on their investment than holders of conventional interest-
bearing securities and could lose all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
Ratings of the Notes  
Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France S.A.S. ("Moody's") 
and AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P" and, together with Moody's, the "Rating Agencies"). 
According to Moody's' rating system, obligations rated Aaa are judged to be of the highest quality, with minimal 
credit risk. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated AAA has the highest rating assigned by S&P and the 
obligor's capacity to meet its financial commitment on the obligation is extremely strong. 
The ratings assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies are based on the Collateral Security, the Home Loans 
and Home Loan Security and the other relevant structural and credit enhancement features provided for under the 
Programme Documents, including, among other things, the short-term and/or long-term unsecured, unguaranteed 
and unsubordinated debt ratings of the parties to the Programme Documents, and reflect only the views of the 
Rating Agencies.  
Any such ratings may not continue for any period of time or may be reviewed, revised, suspended or withdrawn 
entirely by any of the Rating Agencies without notice as a result of changes in or unavailability of information or 
if, in the judgment of the Rating Agencies, circumstances so warrant. A qualification, downgrade or withdrawal 
of any of the ratings mentioned above may adversely and materially affect both the value of the Notes or their 
marketability in secondary market transactions, increase the Issuer's cost of borrowing and adversely affect the 
Issuer's ability to issue new French law Notes. 
Any credit ratings assigned to the Notes may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, 
additional factors discussed in this section, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes (including but not limited to market conditions and funding related 
and operational risks inherent to the business of the Issuer). 
Agencies other than the Rating Agencies could seek to rate the Notes and if such unsolicited ratings are lower than 
the comparable ratings assigned to the Notes by the Rating Agencies, those unsolicited ratings could have an 
adverse effect on the liquidity, the value and/or the marketability of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt and 
unless the context otherwise requires, any references to "ratings" or "rating" in this Base Prospectus are to ratings 
assigned by the specified Rating Agencies only. 
(iii) 
Risks related to the redemption of the Notes  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Any optional redemption feature of Notes (as provided in Condition 6(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption), Condition 6(d) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders 
and exercise of Noteholders' Options), Condition 6(e) (Early Redemption) and Condition 6(g) (Redemption due 
to illegality) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes) is likely to limit their market value. During 
any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of such Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
In addition, the exercise of a redemption option by the Issuer only for certain Notes may affect negatively the 
liquidity for the other Notes of the same Series for which the option has not been exercised. On the basis of the 
number of Notes of the same Series for which the redemption option provided in the relevant Final Terms was 
exercised, the securities market for which such redemption right was not exercised could become illiquid.  
Notes with soft bullet maturity may be redeemed after their initial maturity date 
As contemplated in Condition 6(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes, with respect to French 
law Notes issued prior to 8 July 2022, the Final Maturity Date of Soft Bullet Notes may be extended automatically 
to the Extended Final Maturity Date if the Final Redemption Amount of the relevant Soft Bullet Notes is not paid 
by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date. With respect to the French law Notes issued from 8 July 2022 and within 
the conditions of Article L. 513-30 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the Final Maturity Date of the Soft Bullet Notes may be extended automatically to the 
Extended Final Maturity Date only upon the occurrence of a Maturity Extension Trigger Event (as defined in 
section "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes"). 
The payment of the Final Redemption Amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable 
on the Extended Final Maturity Date if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that all or part of the 
Final Redemption Amount unpaid on the Final Maturity Date may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment 
Date occurring thereafter up to and including the relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to 
accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period at the relevant applicable Rate of Interest and be payable 
on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final Terms 
and in accordance with the applicable Terms and Conditions. However, the situation of the Issuer may change 
between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date. As a result, investors may not be repaid 
in full at the Final Maturity Date but at the Extended Final Maturity Date and the market value of the Notes 
between the Final Maturity Date and the Extended Final Maturity Date might be significantly affected.  
Redemption due to illegality 
As contemplated in Condition 6(g) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes, the Issuer may redeem 
the Notes by anticipation for illegality.  
Such early redemption feature may adversely affect the Noteholders. Therefore, an investor may be exposed to 
risks connected to the reinvestment of cash proceeds from the early redemption of any Note. As a consequence, 
Noteholders may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
(iv) 
Risks related to Green Bonds and Social Bonds  
The Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's intention to issue 
"green bonds" or "social bonds" and allocate the net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to finance or re-finance, 
in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible loans for green assets and/or projects, eligible loans for social 
assets and/or projects and any other category specified in the relevant Final Terms and in the Framework (as may 
be amended or supplemented from time to time) (the "Eligible Projects"). The terms "Green Bonds", "Social 
Bonds" and "Framework" are defined in section entitled "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus.  
The Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 18 June 2020 on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, as amended (the "Taxonomy Regulation") has 
been adopted, establishing a single EU-wide classification system, or "taxonomy", which provides companies and 
investors with a common language for determining which economic activities can be considered environmentally 
sustainable (the "EU Taxonomy"). The Taxonomy Regulation establishes six environmental objectives: (i) 
climate change mitigation, (ii) climate change adaptation, (iii) the sustainable use and protection of water and 
marine resources, (iv) the transition to a circular economy, (v) pollution prevention and control and (vi) the 
protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems. Under the Taxonomy Regulation, the European 
Commission had to come up with the actual list of environmentally sustainable activities by defining technical 
screening criteria for each environmental objective.  
The EU Taxonomy is subject to further development through delegated regulations. A first Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2021/2139 dated 4 June 2021 established the technical screening criteria governing the conditions under 
which an activity qualifies as "contributing substantially" to climate change mitigation or climate change 
adaptation and whether that economic activity causes no significant harm to any of the other environmental 
objectives. Another delegated acts for the remaining objectives should be published in 2022. In addition, the 
European Commission adopted a Delegated Regulation (EU) 2021/2178 dated 6 July 2021 supplementing Article 
8 of the Taxonomy Regulation and specifying the content, methodology and presentation of information to be 
disclosed by certain undertakings concerning environmentally sustainable economic activities. Moreover, on 
6 July 2021 the European Commission published its proposal for a regulation on an EU green bond standard and 
on 13 April 2022, the European Union permanent representatives greenlighted the Council's position on the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
proposal to create European green bonds. Negotiations with the European Parliament in order to agree on a final 
version of the text will now begin. 
In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, sustainable and 
social market, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds will not satisfy, whether 
in whole or in part, any future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor expectations 
or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its investments are 
required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Bonds or Social Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described under the section entitled "Use of Proceeds", 
the application of such amount to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, the relevant Eligible Projects, as the 
case may be, may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance 
with any timeframe, or such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned. Green Bonds or Social 
Bonds or the assets they finance (or refinance) may not have the results or outcome (whether or not related to 
environmental or other objectives) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. In addition, the Issuer may 
change its Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Projects at any time. In particular, 
these frameworks and definitions may (or may not) be modified to adapt to any update that may be made to the 
Green Bond Principles and/or the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets 
Association. Such changes during the lifetime of the Green Bonds or Social Bonds will have to comply with any 
applicable laws and regulations and will not result in material prejudice to the Noteholders but may have a 
negative impact on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds issued prior to their 
implementation. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to 
the Green Bonds or Social Bonds.  
While the Issuer intends to provide regular information on the use of proceeds of its Green Bonds or Social Bonds 
and to publish related assurance reports, it is under no obligation to do so, and its failure to do so will not constitute 
an Event of Default in respect of any Green Bonds or any Social Bonds. In addition, any failure to apply an amount 
equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any issue of Green Bonds or Social Bonds as intended, any withdrawal 
of any applicable opinion or certification, any opinion or certification to the effect that the Issuer is not complying 
in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion or certification or any change to the 
Framework and/or selection criteria may materially affect the market value of the Notes and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social assets and consequently, 
Noteholders could lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
B. 
LEGAL RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES  
Modification of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes  
The holders of French law Notes will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interest in a Masse and the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes contain 
provisions for calling General Meetings or taking Written Unanimous Decisions (as defined and described in 
Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes) of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all holders of French 
law Notes including holders of French law Notes who did not attend and vote at the relevant General Meeting or 
did not consent to the Written Unanimous Decision and holders of French law Notes who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Collective Decisions (as defined in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Notes) may deal with any proposal relating to the modification of the Terms and Conditions of the 
French law Notes including any proposal, whether for arbitration or settlement, relating to rights in controversy or 
which was the subject of judicial decisions, as more fully described in Condition 10 of the Terms and Conditions 
of the French law Notes. The modification of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes adopted by a 
majority of holders of French law Notes may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes and these 
holders of French law Notes may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
Insolvency and examinership laws in France  
The Issuer, as a société anonyme incorporated in France, is subject to French laws and proceedings affecting 
creditors, including Article 1343-5 of the French Civil Code (Code civil), conciliation proceedings (procédure de 
conciliation), safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), accelerated safeguard proceedings (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée) and judicial reorganisation or liquidation proceedings (procédures de redressement ou de 
liquidation judiciaires). In general, French reorganisation or liquidation legislation favours the continuation of a 
business and protection of employment over the payment of creditors. 
However, the Issuer is a société de financement de l'habitat and as such benefits from specific provisions deviating 
from standard French insolvency law provisions (such as (i) rules precluding the extension of any safeguard 
procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
(liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat's shareholders to the société de 
financement de l'habitat, (ii) rules providing that in the event of safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), 
judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of a société de financement 
de l'habitat, all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including interest thereon, must be paid on their due dates 
and in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or statutorily preferred, (iii) rules excluding the nullity 
of transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) for transactions or acts entered into by 
a société de financement de l'habitat provided that such transactions and acts are made in accordance with their 
exclusive legal purpose and without fraud and (iv) in the event of the opening of any safeguard procedure 
(procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation 
judiciaire) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and servicer of the 
assets and liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat, the recovery, management and servicing contract 
may be immediately terminated by the société de financement de l'habitat notwithstanding any legal provisions to 
the contrary), as further described under paragraph "Insolvency derogating regime" of the section entitled 
"Overview of the legislation and regulations relating to sociétés de financement de l'habitat". While these 
exceptions may protect the Notes from some of the risks inherent in French insolvency law, they may not be 
sufficient to provide complete protection.  
The French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) contains specific provisions applicable in 
case of the opening of an insolvency proceeding of a credit institution (établissement de crédit). In particular, 
Article L.613-25 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) specify the 
conditions of opening of an insolvency proceeding against a credit institution (établissement de crédit) (prior 
information and opinion of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), 
specific concept of suspension of payment (cessation des paiements), etc) and some specific rules of liquidation 
of a credit institution (établissement de crédit). More specifically, pursuant to Article L.613-31-16 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle 
prudentiel et de résolution) may suspend temporarily the right to invoke the acceleration, the termination and the 
set-off rights provided for in Article L.211-36-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) under any agreement entered into with the Issuer (and notably under the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement). 
All such provisions apply to the Issuer but also to each party under the Programme that is regulated as a credit 
institution (établissement de crédit). 
In the case of insolvency proceedings in respect of the Issuer, the ability of Noteholders to exercise their rights 
under the Notes may be limited and the value of the Notes may be adversely affected. In both cases, this will result 
in the Noteholders losing all or a substantial part of their investment in the Notes. 
Withholding taxes - No gross-up obligation 
As provided in Condition 8 of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes, if French law should require 
that any payments in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any taxes or duties 
whatsoever, the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts. Therefore, the corresponding risk shall be borne by 
the Noteholders or, if applicable, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders. In addition, if French law should 
require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to deduction or withholding in 
respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes shall not be redeemed early. 
Such risk could adversely and materially affect the investment in the Notes and could result for the holders of 
French law Notes to lose all of their investments in the Notes.  
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union of 15 May 2014 
establishing an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") and Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union dated 15 July 2014 as amended by Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 20 May 2019 (the "SRM Regulation") 
provide for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms. The regime provided for by the BRRD is, among other things, stated to be needed to provide the 
authority designated by each EU Member State (the "Resolution Authority") with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimizing the impact of an institution's failure on 
the economy and financial system (including taxpayers' exposure to losses). Under the SRM Regulation a

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
centralized power of resolution is established and entrusted to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") and to the 
national resolution authorities. 
The powers provided to the Resolution Authority in the BRRD and the SRM Regulation include write-
down/conversion powers to ensure that capital instruments (including subordinated debt instruments) and eligible 
liabilities (including senior debt instruments such as the Notes if junior instruments prove insufficient to absorb 
all losses) absorb losses of the issuing institution under resolution in accordance with a set order of priority (the 
"Bail-in Tool"). They also include write-down/conversion powers with respect to institutions or groups which 
viability would otherwise be at threat or who require extraordinary financial support. 
In addition to the Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides the Resolution Authority with broader powers to implement 
other resolution measures with respect to institutions that meet the conditions for resolution, which may include 
(without limitation) the sale of the institution's business, the creation of a bridge institution, the separation of assets, 
the replacement or substitution of the institution as obligor in respect of debt instruments, modifications to the 
terms of debt instruments (including altering the maturity and/or the amount of interest payable and/or imposing a 
temporary suspension on payments), removing management, appointing an interim administrator, and 
discontinuing the listing and admission to trading of financial instruments. 
With respect to the obligations de financement de l'habitat, the BRRD provides that the Resolution Authority shall 
not exercise the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities including covered bonds and 
liabilities in the form of financial instruments used for hedging purposes which form an integral part of the cover 
pool and which according to national law are secured in a way similar to covered bonds, whether they are governed 
by the law of a Member State of the European Union or of a third country. Nevertheless, relevant claims for the 
purposes of the Bail-in Tool would still include the claims of the holders in respect of any Notes issued under the 
Programme, only if and to the extent that the notes liability exceeded the value of the cover pool collateral against 
which it is secured. In such case, the write-down or conversion requirements could result in the full (i.e. to zero) 
or partial write-down or conversion into ordinary shares or other instruments of ownership of the notes, or the 
variation of the terms of notes (for example, the maturity and/or interest payable may be altered and/or a temporary 
suspension of payments may be ordered). Since 1st January 2016, French credit institutions (such as the Issuer) 
have to meet, at all times, a minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities ("MREL") pursuant to 
Article L.613-44 of the French Monetary and Financial Code.  
The application of any resolution measure under the French BRRD implementing provisions, or any suggestion of 
such application, with respect to the Issuer could materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price 
or value of an investment in the Notes and/or the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes. 
Moreover, if the Issuer's financial condition deteriorates, the existence of the Bail-in Tool or the exercise of write-
down/conversion powers by the Resolution Authority independently of a resolution measure with respect to capital 
instruments or in combination with a resolution measure when it determines that the institution or its group will 
no longer be viable could cause the market price or value of the Notes to decline more rapidly than would be the 
case in the absence of such powers. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
Resolution Authority to exercise its resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise.  
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes are based on French law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Any possible judicial decision or change to French law or administrative practice after the date of this 
Base Prospectus could be unfavourable to creditors' rights, including those of the Noteholders. If any change in 
law turns out to be unfavourable to the Issuer and/or the Noteholders, it could have a negative impact on the market 
value of the Notes. 
Potential impact of the European legislation evolution on the covered bonds 
Some measures may impact the legal and regulatory framework applicable to the Notes in force at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. In particular, on 27 November 2019, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation") were 
adopted.  
The Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation aim for the establishment of a framework to enable a 
more harmonised covered bond market in the European Union. The Covered Bond Directive covers in particular 
requirements for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", 
structural features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, liquidity...) and regulatory supervision. The 
Covered Bond Regulation mainly amend Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
Regulation) and add requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and, prior to 8 July 2022, substitution assets, 
and as of 8 July 2022, liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions. The minimum level of 
overcollateralisation is not lower than 2% and 5% depending on the assets in the cover pool, based on a nominal 
calculation method.  
The Covered Bond Directive has been implemented under French law by decree-law No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 
2021 (Ordonnance n°2021-858 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162), the relating application 
decrees No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 (Décret n°2021-898 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162) 
and No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 (Décret n°2022-766 du 2 mai 2022 portant diverses modifications du code 
monétaire et financier et complétant la transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du Parlement européen et du 
Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la surveillance publique des 
obligations garanties) and the ministerial decree dated 7 July 2021 (Arrêté du 7 juillet 2021 modifiant le règlement 
n°99-10 du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux sociétés de financement de l'habitat), which 
provisions shall become effective on 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Regulation will apply as of such date. 
The potential impact of the new legal and regulatory framework applicable to the covered bonds (including to the 
Notes) and to the Issuer cannot yet be fully estimated but should be relatively limited. Furthermore, the French 
law Notes or German law Notes to be issued under the Programme may lose the ability to use the "European 
Covered Bond (Premium)" label during their lifetime. 
C. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE MARKET  
Market value of the Notes 
Application will be made in certain circumstances to list and/or admit the Notes on any Regulated Market in a 
Member State of the EEA. If this is the case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of such Notes will specify such 
admission to trading. 
The market value of the Notes will be affected by the creditworthiness of the Borrower and of the Issuer and a 
number of additional factors, including, but not limited to, the volatility of the index (as the case may be), market 
interest and yield rates and the time remaining to the maturity date. 
The value of the Notes or the index depends on a number of interrelated factors, including economic, financial and 
political events in France or elsewhere, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock 
exchanges on which the French law Notes are traded. The price at which Noteholders will be able to sell the Notes 
prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial and adverse, from the issue price or the purchase 
price paid by such purchaser and result in losing all or part of their investment in the Notes. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited 
categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and more 
price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have an adverse effect on the market value of 
Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency" as defined 
in Condition 5(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes). The Issuer will pay principal and interest 
on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other 
than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including 
changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that 
authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, Noteholders may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. As a consequence, this may adversely affect the Noteholders who could lose 
part of their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
RETAIL CASCADES 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits offers that are not made within an exemption from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus in France (a "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") under Article 1(4) of the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation") (a "Non-Exempt Offer") if the Issuer has given its consent in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
The consent to the use of the Base Prospectus relates to Offer Periods (if any and as defined below) beginning 
within twelve (12) months from the date of the approval of this Base Prospectus by the AMF.  
In the context of a Non-Exempt Offer, the Issuer may, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, consent to the 
use of the Base Prospectus, together with any supplement with respect thereto that may be published from time to 
time and the relevant Final Terms (together, the "Prospectus") in connection with a Non-Exempt Offer of any 
Notes in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the 
"Offer Period") by:  
(i) 
subject to conditions set out in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary authorised to make such 
offers pursuant to Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 
on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MIFID II") and which satisfies any conditions specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; or  
(ii) 
if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, any financial intermediary which satisfies the following 
conditions: (a) acts in accordance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and recommendations of any 
applicable regulatory bodies (the "Rules"), from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, 
Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by any person and 
disclosure to any potential investor; (b) complies with the restrictions set out under section entitled 
"Subscription and Sale" which would apply as if it were a dealer appointed under the Programme; (c) 
considers the relevant manufacturer's target market assessment and distribution channels identified under 
the "MiFID II product governance" legend set out in the relevant Final Terms; (d) ensures that any fee (and 
any commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that financial intermediary in relation to the 
offer or sale of the Notes is fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; (e) holds all 
licences, consents, approvals and permits required in connection with solicitation of interest in, or offers or 
sales of, the Notes under the Rules; (f) retains investor identification records for at least the minimum period 
required under applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant 
Dealer(s) and the Issuer or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the 
relevant Dealer(s) in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer(s) to comply with the Rules 
relating to anti-money laundering, prevention of corruption and "know your client" applicable to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer(s); (g) does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer(s) 
to breach any Rule or any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any 
jurisdiction; and (h) satisfies any further conditions specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case an 
"Authorised Offeror"). For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Dealers or the Issuer shall have any 
obligation to ensure that an Authorised Offeror complies with applicable laws and regulations and shall 
therefore have no liability in this respect.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction specified in the Final Terms, for the 
content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an "Investor") in such Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction to whom 
an offer of any Notes is made by any Authorised Offeror and where the offer is made during the period for which 
that consent is given and in compliance with all other conditions attached to the giving of the consent. However, 
neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has any responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including 
compliance by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory 
requirements or other securities law requirements in relation to such offer.  
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring in the periods beginning and ending on 
the dates specified for such purpose in the relevant Final Terms relating to such Non-Exempt Offers and provided 
that the relevant Final Terms have been duly published and specify that Non-Exempt offers may be made to the 
public in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction, all in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
In the event the Final Terms designate financial intermediary(ies) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use 
the Prospectus during an Offer Period, the Issuer may also give consent to additional Authorised Offerors after the 
date of the relevant Final Terms and, if it does so, it will publish any new information in relation to such Authorised 
Offerors who are unknown at the time of the approval of this Base Prospectus or the filing of the relevant Final 
Terms at www.bpce.fr.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
If the Final Terms specify that any financial intermediary may use the Prospectus during the Offer Period, 
any such Authorised Offeror is required, for the duration of the Offer Period, to publish on its website a 
statement confirming that it is using the Prospectus for the relevant Non-Exempt Offer with the consent of 
the Issuer and in accordance with the conditions attached thereto.  
Other than as set out above, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers has authorised the making of any Non-Exempt 
Offer by any person in any circumstances and such person is not permitted to use the Prospectus in connection 
with its offer of any Notes. Any such offers are not made on behalf of the Issuer or by any of the Dealers or 
Authorised Offerors and none of the Issuer or any of the Dealers or Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for the actions of any person making such offers.  
An Investor intending to acquire or acquiring any Notes from an Authorised Offeror will do so, and offers 
and sales of the Notes to an Investor by an Authorised Offeror will be made, in accordance with any terms 
and other arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror and such Investor including as to the 
price, allotment, settlement/delivery arrangments and any costs or taxes to be invoiced to the Investor (the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer"). The Issuer will not be a party to any such arrangements 
with Investors (other than Dealers) in connection with the offer or sale of the Notes and, accordingly, the 
Base Prospectus and any Final Terms will not contain such information. The Terms and Conditions of the 
Non-Exempt Offer shall be provided to Investors by that Authorised Offeror at the time of the Non-Exempt 
Offer. Neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers or other Authorised Offerors has any responsibility or 
liability for such information or the consequences of its use by the relevant Investors.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM - PRINCIPAL PROGRAMME PARTIES 
1. 
Structure Diagram 
 
 
2. 
Principal Programme Parties 
The following list does not purport to be complete and is qualified in all respects by the remainder of the Base 
Prospectus. 
Arranger: 
Natixis 
Issuer: 
BPCE SFH 
Administrative Agent: 
BPCE 
Management and 
Recovery Agent: 
BPCE 
Permanent Dealer: 
Natixis  
Principal Paying Agent 
and Fiscal Agent: 
 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Borrowers: 
BPCE and the Original Borrower and any Additional Borrower accessing to the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Security Agreement 
Guarantors: 
The Original Guarantor and any Additional Guarantor accessing to the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Security Agreement 
Obligors: 
The Borrowers and the Guarantors 
Obligors' Agent 
BPCE 
Statutory Auditors: 
KPMG S.A. and PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
Specific controller: 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
Rating Agencies: 
Moody's France S.A.S. and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed in conjunction with the sections of the following documents 
(included in the cross-reference lists below) which have been previously or simultaneously filed with the Autorité 
des marchés financiers (the "AMF") and shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the French Annual Financial Report of BPCE SFH for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2021 (Rapport 
Financier 
Annuel) 
(the 
"2021 
Annual 
Financial 
Report"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/30089/file/BPCE%20SFH%20rapport%20financier%20annuel
%202021%20Vpublie%CC%81e.pdf);  
(b) 
the French Annual Financial Report of BPCE SFH for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2020 (Rapport 
Financier 
Annuel) 
(the 
"2020 
Annual 
Financial 
Report"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/24647/file/BPCE%20SFH%20rapport%20financier%20annuel
%202020%20Vpublie%CC%81e.pdf); 
(c) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 19 April 2011 
which received visa No. 11-125 from the AMF on 19 April 2011 (the "2011 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/876/file/BPCE%20SFH%20Base%20Prospectus.pdf); 
(d) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 19 April 2012 
which received visa No. 12-172 from the AMF on 19 April 2012 (the "2012 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/872/file/Base%20Prospectus%20BPCE%20SFH%20FINAL%
20%28avec%20visa%29.pdf);  
(e) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 30 April 2013 
which received visa No. 13-192 from the AMF on 30 April 2013 (the "2013 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/882/file/Base%20Prospectus%20BPCE%20SFH%20FINAL%
20%28visa%20AMF%29.pdf); 
(f) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 7 May 2014 which 
received 
visa 
No. 
14-186 
from 
the 
AMF 
on 
7 
May 
2014 
(the 
"2014 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/887/file/Base%20Prospectus%20BPCE%20SFH%20%28FIN
AL%20-%20visa%20AMF%29.pdf);  
(g) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 11 May 2015 
which received visa No. 15-185 from the AMF on 11 May 2015 (the "2015 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/891/file/Base%20Prospectus%20BPCE%20SFH%20%28FIN
AL%20avec%20visa%29.pdf);  
(h) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 17 May 2016 
which received visa No. 16-180 from the AMF on 17 May 2016 (the "2016 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/958/file/BPCE%20SFH_Prospectus%20de%20Base%20%28v
ersion%20finale%29%20avec%20visa.PDF); 
(i) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 18 May 2017 
which received visa No. 17-209 from the AMF on 18 May 2017 (the "2017 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/978/file/Base%20Prospectus_2017%2005%2018_FINAL%20
AVEC%20VISA.PDF); 
(j) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 25 May 2018 
which received visa No. 18-198 from the AMF on 25 May 2018 (the "2018 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/1044/file/BPCE%20SFH%20Base%20Prospectus_FINAL%20
%28avec%20visa%29.pdf);  
(k) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 14 May 2019 
which received visa No. 19-199 from the AMF on 14 May 2019 (the "2019 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/16682/file/BPCE%20SFH%20Base%20Prospectus_FINAL%2
0%28avec%20visa%29.pdf); 
(l) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 14 May 2020 
which received approval No. 20-198 from the AMF on 14 May 2020 (the "2020 Conditions"; 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/19606/file/BPCE%20SFH_Base%20Prospectus%2014%20Ma
y%202020.pdf); and 
(m) 
the "Terms and Conditions of the French law Notes" section of the base prospectus dated 12 May 2021 
which received approval No. 21-151 from the AMF on 12 May 2021 (the "2021 Conditions";

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
https://groupebpce.com/content/download/25100/file/BPCE%20SFH_Base%20Prospectus%20%28FINA
L%20apre%CC%80s%20approbation%29%2844834780.1%29.pdf 
and, 
together 
with 
the 
2011 
Conditions, the 2012 Conditions, the 2013 Conditions, the 2014 Conditions, the 2015 Conditions, the 2016 
Conditions, the 2017 Conditions, the 2018 Conditions, the 2019 Conditions and the 2020 Conditions, the 
"EMTN Previous Conditions").  
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus for the purposes only of 
further issues of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées for the purpose of French law) and form a single Series with 
Notes already issued under the relevant EMTN Previous Conditions. To the extent that only the EMTN Previous 
Conditions are specified to be incorporated by reference therein, the non-incorporated parts of the base 
prospectuses of the Issuer dated 19 April 2011, 19 April 2012, 30 April 2013, 7 May 2014, 11 May 2015, 17 May 
2016, 18 May 2017, 25 May 2018, 14 May 2019, 14 May 2020 and 12 May 2021 are not relevant for investors or 
are covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
All documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus may be obtained, without charge upon request, 
during usual business hours on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès 
France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France) so long as any of the Notes are outstanding. Such documents will be 
published on the website of the Issuer (www.bpce.fr).  
For the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 
2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended, the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall be read in 
connection with the cross-reference lists below. For the avoidance of doubt, the information of the documents 
listed in paragraphs (a) and (b) above which are not included in the cross-reference list below are not incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus and are given for information purposes only.  
Cross reference list in respect of financial information 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY 
REFERENCE 
(Annex 6 of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 dated 14 March 2019, as amended) 
REFERENCE 
11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING
THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES,
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND
LOSSES 
 
11.1 Historical financial information 
 
11.1.5. Audited financial information prepared 
according to national accounting standards 
 
 
 
2021 Annual Financial Report 
- Balance sheet 
Pages 50 to 51 
- Profit and loss Account 
Page 49 
- Notes 
Pages 52 to 70 
- Cash flow statement 
Pages 67 to 69 
- Auditors' report relating to the 2021 financial 
statements  
Pages 71 to 75 
 
2020 Annual Financial Report  
- Balance sheet 
Pages 48 to 49 
- Profit and loss Account 
Page 47 
- Notes 
Pages 50 to 70 
- Cash flow statement 
Pages 68 to 69 
- Auditors' report relating to the 2020 financial 
statements  
Pages 71 to 74

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the EMTN Previous Conditions 
EMTN Previous Conditions 
2011 Conditions 
Pages 95 to 121 
2012 Conditions 
Pages 36 to 56 
2013 Conditions 
Pages 37 to 56 
2014 Conditions 
Pages 74 to 94 
2015 Conditions 
Pages 69 to 90 
2016 Conditions 
Pages 70 to 91 
2017 Conditions 
Pages 71 to 93 
2018 Conditions 
Pages 73 to 94 
2019 Conditions 
Pages 76 to 100 
2020 Conditions 
Pages 45 to 75 
2021 Conditions 
Pages 47 to 77

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time between the date on which this Base Prospectus has been approved and 11 May 2023 a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
which may affect the assessment of the French law Notes arises or is noted, the Issuer shall prepare and make 
available a supplement to this Base Prospectus (each a "Supplement") as required by Article 23 of the Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the 
"Prospectus Regulation") or a restated Base Prospectus.  
Where the relevant Final Terms relate to an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to 
purchase or subscribe for Notes before any supplement is published shall have the right, exercisable within three 
(3) working days after the publication of this supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 (bis) of the Prospectus Regulation 
or, as from 1 January 2023, two (2) working days after the publication of this supplement pursuant to Article 23.2 
of the Prospectus Regulation, to withdraw their acceptances provided that the new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy referred to in Article 23.1 of the Prospectus Regulation arose or was noted before the final 
closing of such offer or the delivery of the Notes, whichever occurs first. That period may be extended by the 
Issuer or, if any, the relevant Authorised Offeror(s). The date on which the withdrawal period ends will be stated 
in the relevant supplement to the Base Prospectus. On 11 May 2023, this Base Prospectus, as supplemented (as 
the case may be), will expire and the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of significant new 
factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies will no longer apply. 
Any supplement to the Base Prospectus shall be (a) published on the websites of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) 
and BPCE SFH (www.bpce.fr) and (b) available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge 
during usual business hours, on any weekday, at the registered office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès 
France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France).

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE FRENCH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions that, as completed in accordance with the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms (as defined below), shall be applicable to French law Notes. The terms and conditions 
applicable to German law Notes are contained in the Paying Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
In the case of Dematerialised Notes (as defined below), the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed 
on physical documents of title but will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
In the case of Materialised Notes (as defined below), either (i) the full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions) or (ii) these terms and conditions as so completed shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes. 
All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant 
Final Terms. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one (1) Series (as defined below) only, 
not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
The Notes will be issued by BPCE SFH (the "Issuer") in series (each a "Series") having one or more issue dates 
and on terms otherwise identical (or identical save as to the first payment of interest), the Notes of each Series 
being intended to be fungible with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") having the same or different issue dates and on terms identical to the terms of other Tranches of the 
same Series, save in respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the 
Tranche. Notes will be issued under the Terms and Conditions of this Base Prospectus as completed, in accordance 
with the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
as amended, by the relevant final terms relating to the specific terms of each Tranche (the "Final Terms"), 
including, without limitation, the aggregate nominal amount, issue price, redemption price, and interest, if any, 
payable under the Notes. 
The Notes will be issued with the benefit of an amended and restated paying agency agreement dated on or before 
the date hereof (the "Paying Agency Agreement") entered into between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities 
Services as fiscal agent (the "Fiscal Agent"), principal paying agent (the "Principal Paying Agent") and note 
calculation agent (the "Note Calculation Agent"). In addition to the Principal Paying Agent, additional paying 
agents may be appointed from time to time. The Principal Paying Agent and any paying agent so appointed shall 
be together referred to as the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent). The holders of 
the interest coupons (the "Coupons") relating to interest bearing Materialised Notes and, where applicable in the 
case of such Notes, talons (the "Talons") for further Coupons and the holders of the receipts for the payment of 
instalments of principal (the "Receipts") relating to Materialised Notes of which the principal is redeemable in 
instalments are respectively referred to below as the "Couponholders" and the "Receiptholders". 
1. 
Definitions 
"Borrower Loan" means the Borrowers' indebtedness outstanding from time to time under the Credit Facility. 
"BPCE" means BPCE, a French société anonyme, duly licensed as a French credit institution (établissement de 
crédit), registered in the Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Paris under number 493 455 042 and having its 
registered office at 50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France.  
"EEA" means the European Economic Area. 
"Group" means the group constituted by the members of the Networks and the companies affiliated thereto in 
accordance with the conditions of Article L.511-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), as provided for in Article L.512-106 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and being member of the Network Guarantee System. 
"Network Guarantee System" means the system set up by BPCE between members of the Group in accordance 
with Article L.512-107 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in order to 
guarantee the liquidity and the solvency of the Group and of each Network. 
"Networks"means the Banques Populaires network, as defined in Article L.512-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the Caisses d'Epargnes network, as defined in Article L.512-86 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
"Noteholder" or, as the case may be, "holder of any Note" means (a) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, the 
individual or entity whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder, the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes, (b) in the case of Definitive Materialised 
Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Notes and the Coupons, Receipts or Talons relating to it and (c) 
in the case of Materialised Notes in respect of which a Temporary Global Certificate has been issued and is 
outstanding, each person (other than a clearing institution) who appears as the holder of such Notes or of a 
particular nominal amount of interests in such Notes, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations and 
with the applicable rules and procedure of any relevant clearing institution including, without limitation, Euroclear 
France, Euroclear or Clearstream, as appropriate. 
"outstanding" means, in relation to Notes of any Series, all Notes issued other than (a) those that have been 
redeemed in accordance with these Conditions, (b) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any 
interest payable after such date) have been duly paid as provided in, as applicable, Condition 7, (c) those which 
have become void or in respect of which claims have become prescribed, (d) those which have been purchased 
and cancelled as provided in these Conditions, (e) in the case of Definitive Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated 
or defaced Definitive Materialised Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive 
Materialised Notes, (ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive Materialised Notes alleged 
to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been 
issued and (iii) any Temporary Global Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one (1) or 
more Definitive Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
"Regulated Market" means a regulated market situated in a Member State of the EEA as defined in the 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"), appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority. 
2. 
Form, Denomination and Title  
(a) 
Form 
The Notes are Obligations de Financement de l'Habitat within the meaning of Article L.513-30-I of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
They may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and 
R.211-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) by book 
entries (inscriptions en compte). No physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs 
pursuant to Article R.211-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier)) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), which 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit 
the accounts of the Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at 
the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (nominatif administré) 
inscribed in the books of an Account Holder designated by the relevant Noteholder or in fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur) inscribed in an account maintained by the Issuer or a registration 
agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer (the "Registration 
Agent"). 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any intermediary institution entitled 
to hold accounts, directly or indirectly, with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form only. Materialised Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate, 
a Talon) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other 
than in relation to interest due after the Final Maturity Date or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are 
issued with one (1) or more Receipts attached. 
In accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq. and R.211-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), securities (such as Notes constituting obligations under French law) 
in materialised form and governed by French law must be issued outside the French territory.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
The Notes may be "Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating Rate Notes", "Fixed/Floating Rate Notes", 
"Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes", "Floating/Floating Rate Notes" or "Zero Coupon Notes" or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending on the Interest Basis and the redemption method specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Denomination 
Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) set out in the relevant Final Terms (the "Specified 
Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the amount in such currency as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable 
to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, the Notes (including Notes denominated in 
Sterling) which have a maturity of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a contravention of 
section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one (1) Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form (au 
nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected through, 
registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised Notes in 
fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be 
effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts maintained by the Issuer or by the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii) Title to Definitive Materialised Notes, including, where appropriate, Receipt(s), Coupons and/or a 
Talon attached, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder of any Note, 
Coupon, Receipt or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated as its absolute owner for all 
purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, or an interest in it, 
any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be liable for so treating the holder. 
3. 
Conversions and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted for Dematerialised 
Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or in administered 
registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted for 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of the 
holder of such Notes, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré), and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in 
accordance with Article R.211-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier). Any such conversion shall be effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one (1) Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
4. 
Status - Privilège 
(a) 
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any related Receipts and Coupons will constitute direct, unconditional 
and, pursuant to the provisions of Condition 4(b), privileged obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves and equally and rateably with all other present or 
future notes (including the French law Notes and German law Notes of all other Series) and other 
resources raised by the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège created by Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) as described in Condition 4(b).  
(b) 
Privilège 
(i) 
The principal and interest of the Notes benefit from the privilège (priority right of payment) 
created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (the "Privilège") and the Noteholders shall benefit from all rights set out in Article 
L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
(ii) 
Accordingly, notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary (including Book VI (Livre VI) 
of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce)), pursuant to Articles L.513-11 and L.513-
30-I of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier):  
1. 
all amounts payable to the Issuer in respect of loans, or assimilated receivables, exposures 
and securities (and, prior to 8 July 2022, replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) and, 
as from 8 July 2022, deposits (dépôts)) referred to in Articles L.513-3, L.513-5 (repealed as 
at 8 July 2022) to L.513-7 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) including, as from 8 July 2022, any mortgage, charge, lien or other 
guarantee or indemnity relating to these assets, and forward financial instruments referred 
to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) (as the case may be, after any applicable netting), together with the receivables 
in respect of deposits made by the Issuer with credit institutions (établissements de crédit), 
are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the obligations de 
financement de l'habitat issued by the Issuer and any other resources raised by the Issuer 
and benefiting from the Privilège; 
it should be noted that not only Notes benefit from the Privilège. Other resources (such as 
loans) and derivative transactions for hedging Notes and/or assets of the Issuer may also 
benefit from the Privilège; 
2. 
when a société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial 
reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or to conciliation proceedings with its creditors 
(procédure de conciliation) and, as from 8 July 2022, when a société de financement de 
l'habitat such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial 
liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation 
judiciaires) or to resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the amounts arisen regularly 
(nées régulièrement) from the operations referred to in Article L.513-30-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) shall be paid on their 
contractual due date, and in priority to all other debts, whether or not preferred or secured, 
including interest resulting from agreements whatever their duration; 
3. 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of a 
société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets 
and rights of such société de financement de l'habitat, either in principal or interest; 
4. 
prior to 8 July 2022, the judicial liquidation of a société de financement de l'habitat such as 
the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de 
l'habitat such as the Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège; and 
5. 
as from 8 July 2022, the safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation 
proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or 
the resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) against the Issuer will not result in the 
acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes and 
other debts benefiting from the Privilège.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have the 
meanings set out below: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), as may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to 
time, in their updated version applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series.  
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, as published by 
ISDA, as may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time, in their updated version 
applicable as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Benchmark" means the Relevant Rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms, which shall be either 
EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or any other relevant rate.  
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of payments to be made in Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real 
Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer payment system (known as TARGET 2) or any successor 
thereto (the "TARGET System") is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"), and/or 
(ii) in the case of payments to be made in a Specified Currency other than Euro, a day (other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
in the principal financial centre for that currency, and/or 
(iii) in the case of payments to be made in a Specified Currency and/or one (1) or more additional 
business centre(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Business Centres so specified. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(i) 
if "Actual/365", "Actual/365-FBF" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five 
(365) (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by three 
hundred and sixty-six (366) and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a non-leap year divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(ii) if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(A) 
if the Accrual Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which it 
falls, the number of days in the Accrual Period divided by the product of (x) the number of 
days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Accrual Period is longer than one (1) Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year, 
in each case, where: 
"Accrual Period" means the relevant period for which interest is to be calculated; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in any 
year to but excluding the next Determination Date, and

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
"Determination Date" means any date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, any Interest Payment Date 
(iii) if "Actual/Actual-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the fraction whose numerator is 
the actual number of days elapsed during such period and whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty-five (365) (or three hundred and sixty-six (366) if 29 February falls within the Calculation 
Period). If the Calculation Period is of a duration of more than one (1) year, the basis shall be 
calculated as follows: 
(A) 
the number of complete years shall be counted back from the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
(B) 
this number shall be increased by the fraction for the relevant period calculated as set out in 
the first paragraph of this definition. 
(iv) if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 
(v) if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360). 
(vi) if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360) (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days with twelve (12) thirty (30)-
day months (unless (a) the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) day of a month 
but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day other than the thirtieth (30th) or thirty-first (31st) 
day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a thirty (30)-day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of 
the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a thirty (30)-day month)). 
(vii) if "30/360-FBF" or "Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis)") is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and 
sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number of days calculated as for 30E/360-FBF, subject to 
the following exception: where the last day of the Calculation Period is the thirty-first (31st) and the 
first day is neither the thirtieth (30th) nor the thirty-first (31st), the last month of the Calculation 
Period shall be deemed to be a month of thirty-one (31) days. 
Using the same abbreviations as for 30E/360-FBF the fraction is: 
If dd2 = 31 and dd1 ≠ (30,31), then: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + (dd2 - dd1)] 
360 
 
otherwise: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
360 
 
(viii) if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by three hundred and sixty (360) (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of three hundred and sixty (360) days with twelve (12) thirty (30)-day months, 
without regard to the date of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of 
a Calculation Period ending on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be), the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) is 
the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered 
to be lengthened to a thirty (30)-day month). 
(ix) if "30E/360-FBF" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of each Calculation Period, 
the fraction whose denominator is three hundred and sixty (360) and whose numerator is the number 
of days elapsed during such period, calculated on the basis of a year comprising twelve (12) months 
of thirty (30) days, subject to the following exception: if the last day of the Calculation Period is the

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
last day of the month of February, the number of days elapsed during such month shall be the actual 
number of days. 
Where: 
D1 (dd1, mm1, yy1) is the date of the beginning of the period 
D2 (dd2, mm2, yy2) is the date of the end of the period 
The fraction is: 
1 
× [(yy2 - yy1) × 360 + (mm2 - mm1) × 30 + Min (dd2 , 30) - Min (dd1 , 30)]; 
360 
"Euro Zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that have adopted or 
adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended from time to time. 
"FBF" means the Fédération Bancaire Française. 
"FBF Definitions" means the definitions set out in the 2013 FBF Master Agreement relating to 
transactions on forward financial instruments as supplemented by the Technical Schedules (Additifs 
Techniques) published by the FBF, as supplemented or amended from time to time (together the "FBF 
Master Agreement"), in their amended and updated version applicable as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the relevant Series. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, as the case may 
be. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or such 
other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, the 
date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified (i) the day falling two (2) 
TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency 
is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (iii) the 
day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified Currency prior 
to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor Euro. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"ISDA Definitions" means, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or 
the 2021 ISDA Definitions. 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that is 
either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions, as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office 
of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, in all other cases (EUR CMS or any other 
relevant rate), the principal offices of four major banks in the relevant inter-bank market, in each case 
selected by the Note Calculation Agent. 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if 
earlier) the date seven (7) days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of such Materialised 
Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note or Coupon being made in accordance with 
these Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark as set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (or any successor or replacement 
page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service). 
"Relevant Screen Page Time" means such time as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being 
payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
If a fixed amount of interest ("Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest ("Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so specified 
and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount 
from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. Such 
Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as Specified Interest 
Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in the relevant Final Terms, 
Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of months or other period shown 
in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in 
the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject 
to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is 
not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business 
Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business 
Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment, (B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a 
Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed 
to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify 
that the relevant Business Day Convention is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest 
Amount payable on any date shall not be affected by the application of that Business Day 
Convention. 
(iii) Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for 
each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the provisions below 
relating to either ISDA Determination, FBF Determination or Screen Rate Determination, depending 
upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Note Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this 
sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Floating Rate that would be determined by the Note Calculation Agent under a Swap 
Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if "2006 ISDA Definitions" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions or (ii) if "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 2021 ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(a) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(c) the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A),  
"Floating Rate" and "Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction", have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions; 
"Note Calculation Agent" shall correspond to the term "Calculation Agent", with the meaning 
given to such term in the ISDA Definitions. 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" (Taux Variable) 
specifies that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual 
Period, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the 
relevant Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
for which rates are available were the period of time of next shorter length as compared to the 
length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the other of which shall be determined as if 
the Designated Maturity were the period of time of next longer length as compared to the length 
of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(B) FBF Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall 
be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant FBF Rate plus or minus 
(as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-
paragraph (B), "FBF Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating 
Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under a Transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the FBF Definitions and under which: 
(a) the Floating Rate is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(b) the relevant Floating Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable) 
is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (B), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Determination Date (Date de Détermination du Taux Variable)" and "Transaction" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the FBF Definitions, provided that "Euribor" means 
the rate calculated for deposits in Euro which appears on Reuters page EURIBOR01, as more 
fully described in the relevant Final Terms. 
Where FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate (Taux Variable)" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating Rate, 
one of which shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period 
of time of next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next 
longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
(C) Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes: 
(a) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being EURIBOR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
(Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) below, be either: 
1. the offered quotation; or 
2. the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,  
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Relevant Rate which appears or appear, 
as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question as determined by the Note Calculation Agent. If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Note Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(b) If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or, if sub-paragraph (a)(1) applies and no 
such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or, if sub-paragraph (a)(2) 
applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in each case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Note 
Calculation Agent shall request the principal Euro-zone office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide the Note Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Relevant Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Note Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Note Calculation Agent; and 
(c) If paragraph (b) above applies and the Note Calculation Agent determines that fewer than 
two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided below, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Note Calculation Agent by the 
Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which such banks were offered at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used 
for the Relevant Rate by leading banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market or, if 
otherwise, the relevant inter-bank market as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the 
Reference Banks provide the Note Calculation Agent with such offered rates, the offered 
rate for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have 
been used for the Relevant Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits 
in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Relevant Rate, at which at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Note Calculation Agent it is 
quoting to leading banks in, the Euro zone inter-bank market or, if otherwise, the relevant 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be 
applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(d) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being €STR, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) 
(Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) below, be the rate of return of a 
daily compound interest investment (with the daily euro short-term rate as the reference

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
rate for the calculation of interest) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one ten-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.00005 being 
rounded upwards: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝× 𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑𝑜
𝑖=1
] × 360
𝑑 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is for any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days in the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"ECB €STR Guideline" means the Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 of the European Central 
Bank dated 10 July 2019 on the euro short-term rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended 
from time to time; 
"€STR" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day, the interest rate representing 
the wholesale Euro unsecured overnight borrowing costs of banks located in the Euro 
area provided by the European Central Bank as administrator of such rate (or any 
successor administrator) and published on the Website of the European Central Bank at 
or before 9:00 a.m. (Frankfurt time) (or, in case a revised euro short-term rate is published 
as provided in Article 4 subsection 3 of the ECB €STR Guideline at or before 11:00 a.m. 
(Frankfurt time), such revised interest rate) on the TARGET Business Day immediately 
following such TARGET Business Day; 
"€STRi-p" means, in respect of any TARGET Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period, the €STR for the TARGET Business Day falling "p" TARGET 
Business Days prior to the relevant TARGET Business Day "i"; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from 1 to do, each representing the relevant TARGET 
Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the first TARGET Business 
Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period to, but excluding the Interest Payment Date 
corresponding to such Interest Accrual Period; 
"ni" is, for any TARGET Business Day "i", the number of calendar days from, and 
including, the relevant TARGET Business Day "i" up to, but excluding, the immediately 
following TARGET Business Day in the relevant Interest Accrual Period;  
"p" is, in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of TARGET Business Days 
included in the Observation Look-Back Period;  
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Observation Period " means in respect of any Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
and including the date falling "p" TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period (and the first Interest Accrual Period shall begin on and 
include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" TARGET Business Day prior to the Interest Payment Date of such Interest Accrual 
Period (or the date falling "p" TARGET Business Day prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Notes become due and payable); and 
"Website of the European Central Bank" means the website of the European Central 
Bank currently at https://www.ecb.europa.eu/home/html/index.en.html or any successor 
source officially designated by the European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and no €STR Index Cessation Event (as defined below) has occurred, the €STR for 
such TARGET Business Day shall be the rate equal to €STR in respect of the last 
TARGET Business Day for which such rate was published on the Website of the 
European Central Bank. 
If the €STR is not published, as specified above, on any particular TARGET Business 
Day and both an €STR Index Cessation Event and an €STR Index Cessation Effective

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Date (as defined below) have occurred, the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day 
in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after such €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date will be determined as if references to €STR were references to the ECB 
Recommended Rate (as defined below). 
If no ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event 
occurs, then the rate of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period occurring on or after the €STR Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined 
as if references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR (as defined below). 
If an ECB Recommended Rate has been recommended and both an ECB Recommended 
Rate Index Cessation Event (as defined below) and an ECB Recommended Rate Index 
Cessation Effective Date (as defined below) subsequently occur, then the rate of €STR 
for each TARGET Business Day in the relevant Observation Period occurring on or after 
that ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date will be determined as if 
references to €STR were references to the Modified EDFR. 
Any substitution of the €STR, as specified above, will remain effective for the remaining 
term to maturity of the Notes and shall be notified by the Issuer in accordance with 
Condition 13.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
provisions of this sub-paragraph (d) by the Calculation Agent, (i) the Rate of Interest shall 
be that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of the 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date available, the Rate of Interest shall be that determined as if the rate 
of €STR for each TARGET Business Day in the Observation Period on or after such 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date were references to the latest published €STR, or if 
ECB Recommended Rate is published on a later date than the latest published €STR, the 
ECB Recommended Rate or, if EDFR is published on a later date than the latest published 
ECB Recommended Rate, the Modified EDFR (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d) fail to provide a means of determining 
the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate 
Notes) below shall apply. 
"ECB Recommended Rate" means a rate (inclusive of any spreads or adjustments) 
recommended as the replacement for €STR by the European Central Bank (or any 
successor administrator of €STR) and/or by a committee officially endorsed or convened 
by the European Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) for the purpose 
of recommending a replacement for €STR (which rate may be produced by the European 
Central Bank or another administrator), as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or 
more of the following events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the 
Calculation Agent to the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate announcing that it has ceased or 
will cease to provide the ECB Recommended Rate permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the ECB Recommended Rate; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, the central bank for the 
currency of the ECB Recommended Rate, an insolvency official with jurisdiction 
over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate, a resolution authority with

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
jurisdiction over the administrator of the ECB Recommended Rate or a court or 
an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of 
the ECB Recommended Rate, which states that the administrator of the ECB 
Recommended Rate has ceased or will cease to provide the ECB Recommended 
Rate permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the 
ECB Recommended Rate; 
"ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event, the first date on which the ECB 
Recommended Rate is no longer provided, as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; 
"EDFR" means the Eurosystem Deposit Facility Rate, the rate on the deposit facility, 
which banks may use to make overnight deposits with the Eurosystem (comprising the 
European Central Bank and the national central banks of those countries that have adopted 
the Euro) as published on the Website of the European Central Bank; 
"EDFR Spread" means: 
(1) 
if no ECB Recommended Rate is recommended before the end of the first 
TARGET Business Day following the date on which the €STR Index Cessation 
Event occurs, the arithmetic mean of the daily difference between the €STR and 
the EDFR for each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately 
preceding the date on which the €STR Index Cessation Event occurred; or 
(2) 
if an ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurs, the arithmetic mean 
of the daily difference between the ECB Recommended Rate and the EDFR for 
each of the thirty (30) TARGET Business Days immediately preceding the date 
on which the ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event occurred; 
"€STR Index Cessation Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events, as determined by the Calculation Agent and notified by the Calculation Agent to 
the Issuer: 
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the European 
Central Bank (or any successor administrator of €STR) announcing that it has 
ceased or will cease to provide €STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the publication, there is no successor administrator 
that will continue to provide €STR; or 
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of €STR, the central bank for the currency of €STR, an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR, a resolution 
authority with jurisdiction over the administrator of €STR or a court or an entity 
with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator of €STR, 
which states that the administrator of €STR has ceased or will cease to provide 
€STR permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of the statement or 
publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide €STR; 
"€STR Index Cessation Effective Date" means, in respect of an €STR Index Cessation 
Event, the first date on which €STR is no longer provided by the European Central Bank 
(or any successor administrator of €STR), as determined by the Calculation Agent and 
notified by the Calculation Agent to the Issuer; and 
"Modified EDFR" means a reference rate equal to the EDFR plus the EDFR Spread. 
(e) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant Rate in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes is specified as being the EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below or (if applicable) to Condition 
5(c)(iii)(D) (Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes) below, be the offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the 
relevant maturity (the relevant maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page, being Reuters page "ISDAFIX2" under the 
heading "EURIBOR Basis - EUR", as at 11.00 a.m. (Frankfurt time), on the relevant

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Note Calculation Agent.  
In the event that the EUR CMS does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Note 
Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination Date the 
applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks (to be selected by the Note 
Calculation Agent and the Issuer) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each 
case the relevant mid-market annual swap rate commencing two TARGET2 Business 
Days following the relevant Interest Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in 
the event of equality, one of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be 
disregarded by the Note Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the Relevant 
Rate which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to five significant figures 
with halves being rounded up) of such provided quotations. 
If, for any reason, the EUR CMS is no longer published or if fewer than three quotations 
are provided to the Note Calculation Agent in accordance with the above paragraph, it 
will be determined by the Note Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner. 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, unless a higher Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be deemed to be zero. 
In the relevant Final Terms, when the paragraph "Relevant Rate" specifies that the rate is 
determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent by straight line 
linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Benchmark, one of which 
shall be determined as if the maturity for which rates are available were the period of time of 
next shorter length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period, and the 
other of which shall be determined as if the maturity were the period of time of next longer 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Accrual Period. 
(D) Benchmark discontinuation for Floating Rate Notes: 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, if (i) a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to 
an Original Reference Rate (other than €STR) at any time or (ii) the fallback provisions relating 
to €STR provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d) fail to provide a means of determining the 
Original Reference Rate, when the Terms and Conditions of French law Notes provide for any 
remaining rate of interest (or any component part thereof) to be determined by reference to 
such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply and prevail over the 
fallback provisions set out in Condition 5(c)(iii)(C)(d). 
If at any time prior to or on any Interest Determination Date, the Issuer in consultation with the 
Calculation Agent determines, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
that the Relevant Rate has been discontinued or that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has 
occurred: 
(a) the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date (up until which time paragraph (C) above will 
continue to apply)) appoint an agent (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent") that 
shall determine, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, whether, 
for the purposes of determining the Relevant Rate on each following Interest 
Determination Date, a Successor Rate or failing which, an Alternative Rate is available. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is an industry-accepted 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will use such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate to determine the Relevant Rate (such rate, the 
"Replacement Relevant Rate"). The Relevant Rate Determination Agent is independent 
of the Issuer and may be (i) a leading bank or a broker-dealer in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency (which may include one of the Dealers involved in the 
issue of the relevant Floating Rate Notes), (ii) an independent financial institution of 
international repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise 
appointed by the Issuer and/or (iii) the Calculation Agent; 
(b) if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement Relevant Rate 
in accordance with the foregoing, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will also

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
determine concomitant changes (if any) to the Business Day Convention, the definition 
of Business Day, the Interest Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction, the 
Adjustment Spread, and any method for obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate, and 
such other changes or adjustments necessary to make such Replacement Relevant Rate 
as comparable as possible to the Relevant Rate, in each case in a manner that is consistent 
with industry-accepted practices for such Replacement Relevant Rate and such guidance 
promulgated by associations involved in the establishment of market standards and/or 
protocols in the international financial and/or debt capital markets as the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent may consider relevant for such Replacement Relevant Rate;  
(c) references to the "Relevant Rate" in these Conditions will thenceforth be deemed to be 
references to the Replacement Relevant Rate, including any concomitant changes and 
adjustments determined in accordance with paragraph (b) above. The determination of 
the Replacement Relevant Rate and such concomitant changes and adjustments by the 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and any 
other person and each Noteholder shall be deemed to have accepted the Replacement 
Relevant Rate and such related changes and adjustments pursuant to this paragraph (D); 
and 
(d) as soon as reasonably practicable, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify the 
Issuer of the foregoing and the Issuer will give notice to the Noteholders (in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices)) and the Fiscal Agent specifying the Replacement Relevant 
Rate, as well as the concomitant changes and adjustments determined in accordance with 
paragraph (b) above. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined that the Relevant Rate has been 
discontinued and/or an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred, and for any reason a 
Replacement Relevant Rate has not been or cannot be determined on or prior to the next 
following Interest Determination Date, then no Replacement Relevant Rate will be adopted, 
and in such case, the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined on the previous 
Interest Determination Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, Rate 
Multiplier or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the 
preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the relevant Interest Accrual Period).  
Where: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably 
practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to 
Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(b) if no recommendation required under the subparagraph (a) above has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which 
is recognised or acknowledged as being a customary market usage in the international 
debt capital market for transactions or, if not, the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has 
been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate, as the case may be; or  
(c) if no such recommendation or option has been made (or made available), or the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent determines there is no such spread, formula or methodology in 
customary market usage, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent, acting in good faith, 
determines to be appropriate. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in relation to any Floating Rate Notes and a 
Benchmark, the occurrence of a Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event, a Non-Approval 
Event, a Rejection Event or a Suspension/Withdrawal Event.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines in accordance with this Condition 5 (c)(iii)(D) and which is 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for a commensurate 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Floating Rate Notes 
and a Benchmark: 
(a) any material changes in such Benchmark; 
(b) the permanent or indefinite cancellation or cessation in the provision of such Benchmark; 
(c) a relevant regulator or other official sector entity prohibits the use of such Benchmark. 
"Benchmark Regulation" means the Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended . 
"Non-Approval Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence or approval in 
respect of the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been 
or will not be obtained; or 
(b) the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark has not been or will not 
be included in an official register; or 
(c) the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark does not or will not 
fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the Floating Rate Notes, the Issuer, 
the Calculation Agent or the Benchmark, 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation for any of the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if, notwithstanding 
that the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is not or will not be 
included in an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence or approval is suspended, at the time of such suspension the continued provision 
and use of the Benchmark is nevertheless permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Notes under 
applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension. 
"Original Reference Rate" means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally 
specified for the purpose of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any relevant 
component part(s) thereof) on the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Rejection Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark, the relevant competent authority or 
other relevant official body rejects or refuses or will reject or refuse any application for 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence, approval or inclusion in any 
official register which, in each case, is required in relation to the Floating Rate Notes, the 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark under any applicable law or 
regulation for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its 
obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar institution (as 
applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates; 
or 
(b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (i) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any other similar 
institution (as applicable) for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (ii) a group of the aforementioned institutions or (iii) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which 
is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. If, following a Benchmark 
Event, more than one successor or replacement rates are recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will determine, among those 
successor or replacement rates, that one which is the most appropriate, taking into

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
consideration, without limitation, the particular features of the relevant Notes and the nature of 
the Issuer. 
"Suspension/Withdrawal Event" means, in respect of the Benchmark: 
(a) the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or withdraws or 
will suspend or withdraw any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval in relation to the Benchmark or the administrator or 
sponsor of the Benchmark which is required under any applicable law or regulation for 
any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to perform its obligations in 
respect of the Floating Rate Notes; or 
(b) the Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Benchmark is or will be removed 
from any official register where inclusion in such register is or will be required under any 
applicable law in order for any of the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or any other entity to 
perform its obligations in respect of the Floating Rate Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is or 
will be suspended or where inclusion in any official register is or will be withdrawn if, at the 
time of such suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Benchmark is 
permitted in respect of the Floating Rate Notes under applicable law or regulation during the 
period of such suspension or withdrawal. 
(d) 
Interest on Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes are Notes for which 
a change of interest basis (the "Change of Interest Basis") is specified to be Applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes will bear interest on their outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the switch date specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Switch 
Date") from Fixed Rate (as defined in Condition 5 (b) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) to 
Floating Rate (as defined in Condition 5 (c) and specified in the relevant Final Terms) or from 
Floating Rate to Fixed Rate; the Issuer election to Change of Interest Basis on such Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes should be deemed effective after a valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant 
Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) within the period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; or 
(ii) automatically changes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or from Floating Rate to Fixed Rate on the 
Switch Date. 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes and Floating/Floating Rate Notes, as applicable, will bear interest on their 
outstanding nominal amount at a rate that: 
(i) 
the Issuer may elect to convert on the Switch Date from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or 
from a Floating Rate to a different Floating Rate; the Issuer election to Change of Interest Basis on 
such Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes should be deemed effective after a 
valid notification sent by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholders (in accordance with Condition 13) 
within the period specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) automatically changes from a Fixed Rate to a different Fixed Rate or from a Floating Rate to a 
different Floating Rate on the Switch Date. 
(e) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the Final 
Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be) pursuant to an Issuer's Option 
or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, pursuant to Condition 6(e) or otherwise and is not paid 
when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be) shall be the Early Redemption Amount. As from the Final Maturity Date (or 
the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), the Rate of Interest for any overdue principal of 
such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as 
described in Condition 6(e)(i)).

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
(f) 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon due presentation, 
payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (as well after 
as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 5 to the Relevant 
Date. 
(g) 
Margin, Rate Multiplier, Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amounts and 
Redemption Amounts and rounding 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) 
in relation to one (1) or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of 
Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the 
case of (y), calculated in accordance with paragraph (c) above by adding (if a positive number) or 
subtracting (if a negative number) the absolute value of such Margin or by multiplying the Rate of 
Interest by the Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest, Maximum Instalment Amount or 
Minimum Instalment Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. Unless a higher 
Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(iii) For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (w) if FBF Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms, all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest ten-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest fifth decimal (with halves being rounded up), (y) all 
figures shall be rounded to seven (7) decimals (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves 
being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For 
these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in 
the country of such currency. 
(h) 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated by multiplying 
the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by the Day Count 
Fraction, unless an Interest Amount is specified in respect of such period, in which case the amount of 
interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated 
in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual 
Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts 
of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. 
(i) 
Determination and publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts 
The Note Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on such date as the Note Calculation Agent may 
be required to calculate any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or 
calculation, determine such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified 
Denomination of the Notes for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such 
quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest 
and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required 
to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount or any Instalment Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying 
Agents, the Noteholders, any other Note Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to 
make a further calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of such Regulated Market so require, such Regulated 
Market as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the commencement of 
the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of notification to such Regulated 
Market of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, the fourth (4th) Business Day 
after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest Period Date is subject to 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the Interest Payment Date so

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. The 
determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination 
or calculation by the Note Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and 
binding upon all parties. 
(j) 
Note Calculation Agent  
The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be one (1) or more Note Calculation Agents if 
provision is made for them in the relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. Where 
more than one (1) Note Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, references in these 
Conditions to the Note Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Note Calculation Agent performing 
its respective duties under the Terms and Conditions. If the Note Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling 
to act as such or if the Note Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest 
Period or Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, 
or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking 
firm engaged in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Note 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal Paris office or any other office actively involved in such 
market) to act as such in its place. The Note Calculation Agent may not resign from its duties without a 
successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided below or its maturity is extended 
pursuant to any Issuer's or Noteholders' option, all as specified below, each Note shall be finally redeemed 
on the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final Redemption Amount (which, 
unless otherwise provided, is its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note falling within Condition 6(b) 
below, its final Instalment Amount.  
Notes may have hard bullet maturities (not allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be 
extended) or soft bullet maturities (allowing the Final Maturity Date of the relevant Series to be extended, 
each such Notes being referred to as "Soft Bullet Notes", as specified in the Final Terms of the relevant 
Series). With respect to Series of Soft Bullet Notes, an extended Final Maturity Date (the "Extended 
Final Maturity Date") shall be specified as applying in relation to such Series in the relevant Final 
Terms. With regard to Soft Bullet Notes issued as from 8 July 2022 only, the conditions in which such a 
maturity extension shall be made have been specified by a decree-law (ordonnance) No.2021-858 dated 
30 June 2021, a decree (décret) No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 and a decree (décret) No. 2022-766 dated 
2 May 2022, the provisions of which will be entering into force on 8 July 2022.  
With respect to French law Notes issued prior to 8 July 2022, if the Final Redemption Amount of such 
Series is not paid by the Issuer on the Final Maturity Date, then the payment of the unpaid amount shall 
be automatically deferred and shall become due and payable on the Extended Final Maturity Date, which 
shall fall any time after six (6) months from the Final Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
With respect to French law Notes issued as from the 8 July 2022, the maturity extension trigger events 
shall only be, in accordance with Articles L.513-30 and R.513-8-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as such Articles will come into force on 8 July 2022), one of the 
following cases (or all of them): 
(i) 
in the event of non-payment of the principal on the maturity date initially set by the Issuer, a credit 
institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer 
or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-
35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these 
receivables are of a professional nature, or a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à 
ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
(ii) (x) the Issuer, (y) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by 
the remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or 
Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), whether or not these receivables are of a professional nature or (z) a credit institution 
issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), being the subject of safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings 
(procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings 
opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), 
(each such event, a "Maturity Extension Trigger Event"). 
If, with respect to French law Notes issued, as from 8 July 2022, a Maturity Extension Trigger Event 
occurs, then the payment of the unpaid amount shall be automatically deferred and shall become due and 
payable from six (6) months to several years later on the Extended Final Maturity Date. However, any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Final Maturity Date 
may be paid by the Issuer on any Interest Payment Date occurring thereafter up to (and including) the 
relevant Extended Final Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such 
extended period at the relevant Rate of Interest specified in the relevant Final Terms and be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Final Maturity Date all as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and in accordance with the Conditions.  
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 6, or the relevant 
Instalment Date (being one (1) of the dates so specified in the relevant Final Terms) is extended pursuant 
to any Issuer's or Noteholders' option in accordance with Conditions 6(c) or 6(d), each Note that provides 
for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the 
related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding nominal amount of 
each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment Amount is calculated 
by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such proportion) for all purposes with 
effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly withheld 
or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due date for such payment or (ii) in the case of 
Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in which case, such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount. 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer, exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption 
If a Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more 
than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable prior notice in accordance with Condition 13 to the Noteholders 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem all or, if so provided, 
some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms) or Option 
Exercise Date (as defined in the relevant Final Terms), as the case may be. Any such redemption of Notes 
shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. Any such redemption must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the 
Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater 
than the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's Option shall be 
exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of Materialised 
Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also contain the numbers of the Definitive 
Materialised Notes to be redeemed, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as 
may be fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject 
to compliance with any applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's Option in respect of Dematerialised 
Notes, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, either (i) by reducing the nominal 
amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to the aggregate nominal amount 
redeemed or (ii) by redeeming in full some only of such Dematerialised Notes and, in such latter case, 
the choice between those Dematerialised Notes that will be fully redeemed and those Dematerialised 
Notes of any Series that will not be redeemed shall be made in accordance with Article R.213-16 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms, subject to compliance with any other applicable laws and Regulated Market requirements. 
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules of, or 
applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, each time there has been a partial 
redemption of the Notes, cause to be published (i) as long as the Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Paris and the rules applicable to such Regulated Market so permit, on the website of the AMF (www.amf-
france.org) or (ii) in a leading financial newspaper of general circulation in the city where the Regulated 
Market on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, which in the case of Euronext 
Paris is expected to be Les Echos, a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding 
and, in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Materialised Notes, drawn for redemption but not 
surrendered. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders and exercise of Noteholders' Options 
If a Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option of the Noteholder, 
upon the Noteholder giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to 
the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued 
to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option (which must be exercised on any Option Exercise Date specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Noteholder must deposit with a Paying Agent at its specified office a duly completed 
option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained during normal business hours from 
any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within the notice period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised Notes, the Exercise Notice shall have attached to it the 
relevant Notes (together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case 
of Dematerialised Notes, the Noteholder shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paying Agent with a specified office in Paris, as specified in 
the Exercise Notice. No option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred, 
may be withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(e) 
Early Redemption 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount 
(calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the amortised nominal amount of any 
such Note (the "Amortised Nominal Amount") shall be the scheduled Final Redemption 
Amount of such Note on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as 
the case may be) discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the 
amortisation yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be such rate as 
would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of the Notes if they 
were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) (the "Amortisation Yield") 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 6(g) is not paid when due, the Early Redemption Amount due and 
payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal Amount of such Note as 
defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as 
though the date on which the Note becomes due and payable was the Relevant Date. The 
calculation of the Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall 
continue to be made (both before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the 
Relevant Date falls on or after the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be), in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Note on the Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final Maturity 
Date, as the case may be) together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with 
Condition 5(e). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made 
on the basis of the Day Count Fraction as provided in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (i) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) shall be the Final Redemption

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Amount. The Issuer shall pay, together with such Final Redemption Amount, the interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption. 
(f) 
No redemption for taxation reasons 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note be subject to 
deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, such Notes shall 
not be redeemed early. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Notes of all Series shall be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, subject to compliance by the Issuer 
of all relevant laws, regulations and directives, in whole, but not in part, at any time, on giving not less 
than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance with Condition 13 
to the Noteholders, if the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately before the giving of such notice 
that it has, or will, before the next Interest Payment Date of any Notes of any Series, become unlawful 
for the Issuer to make, fund or allow to remain outstanding any Borrower Loan made by it to the 
Borrowers or to comply with any other of its obligations under the Notes of all Series, as a result of any 
change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment has become or will become 
effective before the next such Interest Payment Date. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two (2) representatives of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and the Fiscal Agent shall be entitled to 
accept the certificate as sufficient evidence of the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set out above, 
in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on all Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders. 
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6(g) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6(e) together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any. 
(h) 
Subscriptions and purchases 
The Issuer shall have the right at all times to subscribe and purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise (including by tender offer) at 
any price, subject to any applicable laws and regulations and in particular Article L.513-26 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). The relevant Final Terms will specify 
whether Notes so subscribed or purchased by the Issuer shall be held and resold in accordance with and 
within the limits set out by Articles L.213-0-1 and D.213-0-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), as amended from time to time, or shall be cancelled in accordance with 
Condition 6(i) below. 
(i) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which have been subscribed or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer for cancellation shall be 
cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment of 
interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Definitive 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto), in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with the rules and procedures 
of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering the relevant Temporary Global 
Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question, together with all unmatured Receipts and 
Coupons and all unexchanged Talons, if applicable, to the Fiscal Agent. Any Notes so cancelled may not 
be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (i) in the case of 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form, be made by transfer 
to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the benefit of 
the Noteholders and, (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to an account 
denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the relevant Noteholder. All payments 
validly made to such Account Holders or Bank will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
(b) 
Definitive Materialised Notes 
(i) Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, payments in a Specified Currency will be made by credit or transfer to 
an account denominated in the relevant Specified Currency, or to which the Specified Currency may 
be credited or transferred (which, in the case of a payment in Japanese yen to a non-resident of Japan, 
shall be a non-resident account) maintained by the payee with, or, at the option of the payee, by a 
cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country 
of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified Currency is Euro, shall be any country in the 
Euro-zone, and, if the Specified Currency is New Zealand Dollars, shall be Auckland). 
(ii) Presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be 
made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of partial payment of any sum due, annotation) of such Notes, and payments of interest in 
respect of Definitive Materialised Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of 
Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States of 
America (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States 
and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Definitive Materialised Notes, other than 
the final instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above only against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, 
annotation) of the relevant Receipt in accordance with the preceding paragraph. Payment of the final 
instalment will be made in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above only against presentation and 
surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, annotation) of the relevant Note in 
accordance with the preceding paragraph. Each Receipt must be presented for payment of the relevant 
instalment together with the Definitive Materialised Note to which it appertains. Receipts presented 
without the Definitive Materialised Note to which they appertain do not constitute valid obligations 
of the Issuer. 
Upon the date upon which any Definitive Materialised Note becomes due and payable, unmatured 
Receipts (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment will 
be made in respect thereof. 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon 
(or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing 
unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for 
payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of ten (10) years after the 
Relevant Date in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have 
become void under Condition 9) or, if later, five (5) years from the date on which such Coupon would 
otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Final Maturity 
Date (or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be), all unmatured Talons (if any) 
appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note in definitive form becomes due and repayable, 
unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made in respect thereof 
If the due date for redemption of any Definitive Materialised Note is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender (if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. 
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any Paying Agent in New York City in the same 
manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
United States of America with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make 
payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of 
such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United 
States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and directives in 
any jurisdiction (whether by operation of law or agreement of the Issuer or its Agents) and the Issuer will 
not be liable for any taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, 
directives or agreements.  
No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents 
The Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Note Calculation Agent initially appointed by the 
Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed at the end of this Base Prospectus relating to the 
Programme of the Notes of the Issuer. The Fiscal Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the Note 
Calculation Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the Note Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as 
independent expert(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency for 
any Noteholder or Couponholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the 
appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent or the Note Calculation Agent and to appoint 
other or additional Paying Agent(s), provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, 
(ii) one (1) or more Note Calculation Agent(s) where the Terms and Conditions so require, (iii) a Paying 
Agent having a specified office in at least one (1) major European city (including Paris so long as the 
Notes are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris and, so long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading on any other Regulated Market, such other city where the Notes are listed and/or admitted to 
trading), (iv) in the case of Materialised Notes, a Paying Agent having its specified office in a Member 
State of the EU that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to any directive on the taxation 
of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to, such directive 
(which may be any of the Paying Agents referred to in (iii) above), (v) in the case of Dematerialised Notes 
in fully registered form, a Registration Agent and (vi) such other agents as may be required by the rules 
of any other Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13. 
(f) 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued in 
respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 9). 
(g) 
Business Days for Payment 
If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a business day, the holder shall 
not be entitled to payment until (i) the next following business day or (ii) if "Modified Following" is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, the next following business day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceeding 
business day.The holder shall not (i) be entitled to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed 
payment or (ii) receive less interest in respect of such anticipated payment. In this paragraph, "business 
day" means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on 
which Euroclear France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, (B) in such 
jurisdictions as shall be specified as "Financial Centre(s)" in the relevant Final Terms and (C) (i) in the 
case of a payment in a currency other than Euro, where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the principal financial centre of the country of such currency or (ii) in the 
case of a payment in Euro, which is a TARGET Business Day.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
(h) 
Bank 
For the purpose of this Condition 7, "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre of the relevant 
currency or, in the case of Euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET System. 
8. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Tax exemption 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes 
shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within 
France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or deduction is 
required by law. 
(b) 
No Additional Amounts 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any Note, or any Receipt 
or Coupon relating thereto, be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future taxes 
or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will not be required to pay any additional amounts. 
(c) 
Supply of Information 
Each Noteholder shall be responsible for supplying to the relevant Paying Agent, in a timely manner, any 
information as may be required in order to comply with the identification and reporting obligations 
imposed on it by any directive on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying 
with, or introduced in order to conform to such directive. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of any amount due under the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (which for this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless 
made within ten (10) years (in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the 
appropriate Relevant Date in respect of them. 
10. 
Representation of Noteholders 
Subject to the provisions of the Condition 10 (i) below with respect to Notes issued with a denomination 
of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), the Noteholders will, in respect of all 
Tranches of any Series, be grouped automatically for the defence of their common interests in a masse 
(the "Masse"), which will be governed by the provisions of Articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as amended or supplemented by this Condition 10.  
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes. 
(a) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(b) 
Representative 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Representative appointed in respect of all 
Tranches of all Series of Notes (including all subsequent Tranches in such Series) will be: 
MCM AVOCAT 
Selarl d'avocats interbarreaux inscrite au Barreau de Paris 
10, rue de Sèze 
75009 Paris 
France 
Represented by Maître Antoine Lachenaud, Co-gérant – associé

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the alternative representative shall be: 
Maître Philippe Maisonneuve 
Avocat 
10, rue de Sèze 
75009 Paris 
France 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and regardless the number of Series of Notes issued 
under the Programme of the Notes of the Issuer, the Issuer shall pay to the Representative an amount of 
two thousand five hundred euros (€2,500) per year so long as any of the Notes is outstanding.  
The alternative representative will only become entitled to the annual remuneration of two thousand five 
hundred euros (€2,500) if it exercises the duties of Representative on a permanent basis; such 
remuneration will accrue from the day on which it assumes such duties. 
(c) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary and except as provided 
by paragraph 1 of Article L.513-24 under the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier)) have the power to take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common 
interests of the Noteholders, with the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative, except that, should safeguard proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial 
reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) be commenced 
against the Issuer, the specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) would file the evidence of debt of all 
creditors (including the holders of the Notes) of the Issuer benefiting from the Privilège pursuant to 
Article L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
(d) 
Collective Decisions  
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting") or (ii) by 
unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous 
Decision"). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the rights of 
each Noteholder to participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the 
relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such 
Noteholder as of 0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the 
Collective Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 10(h).  
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
(i) General Meetings 
A General Meeting may be called at any time, either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One (1) 
or more Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of the 
Notes outstanding, may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting 
to be called. If such General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, 
the Noteholders may commission one (1) of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent 
(mandataire) who will call the General Meeting. 
Each Note carries the right to one (1) vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than one (1) 
Specified Denomination, one (1) vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified 
Denomination comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if the Noteholders present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On 
second convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be 
taken by a two-third (2/3) majority of votes held by the Noteholders attending such General Meeting 
or represented thereat.  
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance 
with Condition 10(h) not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
on first convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence.  
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text 
of the resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the 
General Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the 
registered office of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, 
during the fifteen (15) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first 
convocation, or during the five (5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting 
on second convocation. 
(ii) Written Unanimous Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer or the Representative, Collective Decisions may also be taken by 
Written Unanimous Decisions.  
Such Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 10(d)(i). Approval of a 
Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication allowing the 
identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all purposes, have the 
same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such Noteholders. Such Written 
Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document or in several documents in like form each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Noteholders. 
(iii) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Commercial Code 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and 
the related provisions of the French Commercial Code shall not apply to the Notes. 
(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(f) 
Single Masse  
The holders of Notes of the same Tranche, and the holders of Notes of any other Tranche which have 
been assimilated (assimilés) with the Notes of such first mentioned Tranche in accordance with 
Condition 12, shall, for the defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(g) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by 
the provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce). 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall 
make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series. 
 (h) 
Notices to Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 10 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 13. 
(i) 
Full Masse  
For Notes issued with a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency), 
Condition 10 shall apply to the Notes subject to the following modifications:

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
(i) 
Condition 10(d)(iii) shall not apply to the Notes; and  
(ii) 
except if the Final Terms specify "Issue outside France" as applicable, Condition 10(e) shall be 
deleted and replaced by the following: 
"(e) 
Expenses 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses 
relating to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative 
expenses resolved upon by Collective Decisions." 
11. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Note, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, 
stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and 
Regulated Market regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for this purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection 
therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that 
if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall 
be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) with the Notes provided such 
Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or identical in all respects save as to the 
principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms) and that 
the terms of such Notes provide for such assimilation, and references in these Conditions to "Notes" shall 
be construed accordingly. 
13. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au nominatif) shall be valid if either, 
(i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case they will be deemed to have been 
given on the fourth (4th) weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a Sunday) after the mailing, or 
(ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published (A) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on 
Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is expected 
to be Les Echos) or (B) in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe or (C) in 
accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of the AMF 
and so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a leading 
daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading, if the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so 
require. 
(b) 
Notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) shall 
be valid if, at the option of the Issuer, they are published (i) so long as such Notes are admitted to trading 
on Euronext Paris, in a leading daily financial newspaper of general circulation in France (which is 
expected to be Les Echos), or (ii) in a daily leading financial newspaper of general circulation in Europe 
or (iii) in accordance with Articles 221-3 and 221-4 of the General Regulations (Règlement Général) of 
the AMF and so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market, in a 
leading daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s), 
on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading is located, if the rules applicable to such 
Regulated Market(s) so require. 
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language financial newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different 
dates, on the date of the first publication as provided above. Couponholders shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in 
accordance with this Condition.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 13(a), (b), (c), above; 
except that so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and 
the rules applicable to such Regulated Market(s) so require, notices shall also be published in a leading 
daily financial newspaper with general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which 
such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading are/is situated. 
14. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law 
The Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons may be brought 
before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used to fund 
Borrower Loans under the Credit Facility to be made available by the Issuer to the Borrowers and, as the case may 
be, BPCE. Each Borrower shall apply all amounts borrowed by it under the Credit Facility inter alia for the 
refinancing of its residential loans activity.  
If in respect of any particular issue of Notes, the Final Terms provide that it is the Issuer's intention to allocate the 
net proceeds of the issuance of the Notes to finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible 
loans for green assets and/or projects, eligible loans for social assets and/or projects and any other category (the 
"Eligible Projects"), as described in the relevant Final Terms and in the Issuer's methodology notes for green 
bonds and social bonds (as may be amended and supplemented from time to time, the "Framework"), which is 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
(https://groupebpce.com/en/investors/funding/green-bonds 
or 
https://groupebpce.com/en/investors/funding/social-bonds), such Notes shall be referred to as "Green Bonds" and 
"Social Bonds".  
The Framework further describes the Eligible Projects and is substantially based on the Green Bond Principles and 
the Social Bond Principles published by the International Capital Markets Association in their, respectively, 2018 
edition and 2020 edition or any more recent version such as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Framework 
may be further updated or expanded to reflect evolutions in market practices, regulation and in the Issuer's 
activities. The Framework describes, in addition to the eligibility criteria, the management of proceeds, the 
reporting and the external reviews (second party opinion and verification) applicable for the relevant Notes.  
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms of Green Bonds or Social Bonds will provide the relevant 
details such as references to the applicable framework and methodology note (defining inter alia the selection 
criteria for eligible assets or loans) under which such Notes are issued, the second party opinion and external 
auditors' reports. The Final Terms may direct at a relevant section of the website of the Issuer to provide such 
information.  
The Issuer will publish an annual report on its website detailing the allocation of the proceeds of the outstanding 
Green Bonds and Social Bonds and their impact. 
Prior to any investment in Notes in which the net proceeds are to be used to refinance loans included in the Eligible 
Projects, as further specified in the applicable Final Terms, investors are advised to consult the Framework for 
further information. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Final Terms will provide the relevant details such as references to the 
applicable framework and methodology note (defining inter alia the selection criteria for eligible assets or loans) 
under which such Notes are issued. The Final Terms may direct at a relevant section of the website of the Issuer 
to provide such information.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS  
The Issuer has issued €5.5 billion of long-term debt so far in 2022 and as of 11 May 2022 its long-term debt 
amounts to €36.7475 billion.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE LEGISLATION AND REGULATIONS 
RELATING TO SOCIÉTÉS DE FINANCEMENT DE L'HABITAT  
Please note that this section should be updated, as the case may be, with any relevant Instruction from the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) or Ministerial order published in respect of 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Legal framework  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat results mainly from the following provisions: 
(a) 
Articles L.513-3, L.513-7 to L.513-26 and L.513-28 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) (as amended from time to time);  
(b) 
Articles R.513-1, R.513-4, R.513-6 to R.513-12, R.513-14 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as amended from time to time); 
(c) 
Regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and Financial 
Regulatory Committee (Comité de la Règlementation Bancaire et Financière) (as amended from time to 
time); and  
(d) 
the various instructions of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as amended from time to time). 
The amendments to the above-mentioned legal and regulatory regime applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat, to be entered into force on 8 July 2022, have recently been made by: 
- 
a decree-law (ordonnance) No.2021-858 dated 30 June 2021 transposing Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issuance of covered bonds and the 
public supervision of covered bonds (the "Covered Bond Directive");  
- 
a decree (décret) No.2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 transposing the Covered Bond Directive; 
- 
a decree (décret) No.2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 completing the transposition of the Covered Bond 
Directive; 
- 
a ministerial decree (arrêté) dated 7 July 2021 amending regulation (règlement) No.99-10 of 9 July 1999 
relating to sociétés de credit foncier and to sociétés de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
instruction No.2022-I-03 of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
on the coverage ratio of sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat and the regulatory 
statements mentioned in article 10 of regulation (règlement) No.99-10 of 9 July 1999 relating to sociétés 
de crédit foncier and to sociétés de financement de l'habitat; 
- 
instruction No.2022-I-04 of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
on the publication by sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat of information 
related to the quality of the assets financed and their issuance; and 
- 
instruction No.2022-I-05 of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) 
on the information to be provided to the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de 
résolution) by sociétés de crédit foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat in the context of the 
granting of the "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. 
Eligible assets 
In accordance with the French current legal framework applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat on the 
date hereof, a société de financement de l'habitat may only:  
(a) 
grant loans to any credit institution provided that such loans are guaranteed by the collateralisation (remise), 
the assignment (cession) or the pledge (nantissement) of Home Loans receivables (créances de prêts à 
l'habitat) (as defined below), pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.211-36 to 
L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), regardless of their professional nature; 
(b) 
only prior to 8 July, purchase certain units or notes issued by French securitisation vehicles (organismes de 
titrisation) or any other similar foreign entities governed by the laws of a Member State of the European 
Union or EEA, the United States of America, Switzerland, Japan, Canada, Australia or New Zealand;

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(c) 
subscribe for promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued by any credit institution, pursuant to and in 
accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) and which, as an exception to Article L.313-42 of the said code, are 
issued in order to refinance Home Loans receivables (créances de prêts à l'habitat) (as defined below); and 
(d) 
grant Home Loans (as defined below). 
The Home Loans which will be granted or financed by a société de financement de l'habitat are: 
(a) 
aiming at financing, in whole or in part, residential real property located in France or another European 
Union Member State or an EEA Member State or a State benefiting from the highest level of credit 
assessment (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) pursuant to Article L.511-44 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); and 
(b) 
guaranteed by a first-ranking mortgage or a charge over real property which provides a guarantee at least 
equivalent (garantie au moins équivalente) or a guarantee (cautionnement) granted by a credit institution 
(établissement de crédit), a financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company 
(entreprise d'assurance) benefiting from the second level of credit assessment (deuxième échelon de qualité 
de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de 
contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In addition, according to Articles L.513-7, R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may also hold: 
- 
prior to 8 July 2022, replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) which are sufficiently secure and liquid, 
whose debtors are credit institutions (établissements de crédit), investment firms (entreprises 
d'investissement) or asset management companies (sociétés de gestion de portefeuille) with the best credit 
quality level (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) or which are guaranteed by credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit) or investment firms (entreprises d'investissement) of the same credit quality level 
(même échelon de qualité de crédit) (or when the remaining maturity of such exposures on credit 
institutions, investment firms or asset management companies is less than 100 days, the second level of 
credit assessment (second échelon de qualité de crédit)); the amount of such assets shall not exceed, at any 
time, fifteen per cent. (15%) of the total amount of the liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat 
which benefit from the Privilège; and 
- 
as from 8 July 2022, securities, exposures and deposits which are sufficiently secure and liquid, whose 
debtors are credit institutions (établissements de crédit), investment firms (entreprises d'investissement) or 
asset management companies (sociétés de gestion de portefeuille) with the second credit quality level 
(deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) assigned by an external rating agency recognised by the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) pursuant to Article L.511-44 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); the exposures on credit institutions 
(établissements de crédit) with best credit quality level (meilleur échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not 
exceed fifteen per cent. (15%) of the total amount of the liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat 
which benefit from the Privilège and the exposures on credit institutions (établissements de crédit) with 
second credit quality level (deuxième échelon de qualité de crédit) shall not exceed ten per cent. (10%) of 
such total amount of liabilities. 
Finally, a société de financement de l'habitat may acquire and own any movable or immovable property which is 
necessary for the accomplishment of its corporate purpose or which derives from recovery of the receivables it 
holds. 
See also "Description of the Issuer – Issuer's exclusive purpose and business overview". 
Statutory cover ratio 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their liabilities 
benifiting from the Privilège of at least 105 per cent. between their resources benefiting from the Privilège and 
their assets. 
Prior to 8 July 2022, those assets shall include replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) provided however 
that where the assets of a société de financement de l'habitat include receivables secured by other assets pursuant 
to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), those assets received as collateral security, whether by way of 
pledge or full transfer of title, shall be taken into account for the calculation of that ratio (instead of the receivables 
shown on the balance sheet of the société de financement de l'habitat).

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
As from 8 July 2022, those assets shall include liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions.  
In addition, pursuant to Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
the calculation of the cover ratio shall take into account the exposures on related entities or entities belonging to 
the same consolidated group only up to an amount that does not exceed 25% of the non-privileged resource as 
further described in Regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and 
Financial Regulatory Committee (Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière). 
Pursuant to Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat must appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) whose tasks are: 
(i) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
to certify that the statutory cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (a) the société de financement de 
l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (b) any issue of resources 
benefiting from the Privilège and whose amount is at least Euro 500 million (a form of certificate is 
available in Section "Form of certificate of the specific controller") pursuant to Article L.513-23 and R.513-
16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(iii) 
to ensure that the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat comply with the purpose of Article L.513-28 and with the requirements set out in Articles L.513-
29 and L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(iv) 
to control, when the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat are subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from another credit institution (établissement de crédit), 
financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company (entreprise d'assurance) included in 
the consolidation scope, as defined by Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de 
commerce) as applicable to the société de financement de l'habitat, the risks assessment methods established 
by such credit institution, financing company or insurance company are adequate, in accordance with 
Article R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
(v) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 ter of Regulation No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 on sociétés de crédit foncier 
and sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as amended as of 8 July 2022), the level of rate and maturity 
matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific controller believes that the level of rate 
and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the Privilège, the 
specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de financement de l'habitat and the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and  
(vi) 
as from 8 July 2022, to verify, pursuant to Article 2 and Article 3 of instruction n° 2022-I-05 of the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), in relation to French law Notes and 
German law Notes for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label, that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (Capital 
Requirements Regulation) of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
The specific controller has access to information that allows confirmation of each issue's compliance with the 
statutory cover ratio. This statutory cover ratio is published on the website of the Issuer 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis by 
the 
specific 
controller. 
In 
addition, 
the 
Issuer 
publishes 
every 
quarter 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) under "ECBC Label Data" its latest asset cover ratio 
(on 31 December 2021, the asset cover ratio was equal to 110%). 
Regulatory liquidity test 
Pursuant to Articles L.513-8 and R.513-7 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the Issuer must, at all time, cover its treasury needs over a period of 180 days, taking into account the 
forecasted flows of principal and interest on its assets and net flows related to derivative financial instruments 
referred to in Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Prior to 8 July 2022, the treasury needs are covered with replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) complying 
with the provisions of Articles R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and assets which 
are eligible for the credit operations of the Banque de France in accordance with the procedures and conditions set 
forth by the latter in the context of its monetary policy and intraday credit operations.  
In the case where the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat are composed of receivables guaranteed by 
collateral assets in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-
49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), if these assets are not replacement

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
assets (valeurs de remplacement), the liquidity needs are evaluated by considering the assets transferred as 
collateral security (and not the receivables). 
As from 8 July 2022, the treasury needs are covered with liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions. 
The unsecured receivables deemed to be in default in accordance with Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No.575/2013 
of 26 June 2013 may not contribute to the calculation of the coverage ratio.  
Pursuant to the Article 12 of the Regulation (règlement) No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the 
Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière (Banking and Financial Regulation Committee), sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat shall ensure that the average life of the eligible assets held by them, up to the minimum 
amount required to comply with the cover ratio referred to in Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), does not exceed more than eighteen (18) months the average life of its 
liabilities benefiting from the Privilège. For that purpose, when the assets comprise receivables secured by 
collateral assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35 and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), which are not, prior to 8 July 2022, 
replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) and, as from 8 July 2022, liquid assets or short term exposures to 
credit institutions, the société de financement de l'habitat must take into account the assets received as collateral 
rather than the secured receivables, i.e. in the case of the Issuer, the Collateral Security Assets. With respect to the 
Issuer, this requirement would be taken into account in the Credit Facility and Collateral Security Agreement and 
for each issuance of Notes. 
Privilège and non privileged debts 
Privilège 
The obligations de financement de l'habitat issued by sociétés de financement de l'habitat, together with the other 
resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (provided for in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended 
(the "Prospectus Regulation")) or any equivalent document required for the admission to trading on foreign 
regulated markets which mentions the Privilège, and the liabilities resulting from derivative transactions relating 
to the hedging of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged debts in accordance with Article 
L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) benefit from the Privilège set 
out under Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier).  
Pursuant to Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
notwithstanding any legal provisions to the contrary and in particular the provisions included in book VI of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) relating to the prevention and conciliation of business difficulties 
and to the judicial administration and liquidation of companies: 
(i) 
the sums resulting from loans, or assimilated receivables, exposures and securities eligible to the assets of 
a société de financement de l'habitat within the meaning of Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), (and, prior to 8 July 2022, replacement assets 
(valeurs de remplacement) and, as from 8 July 2022, deposits (dépôts)), including any mortgage, guarantee 
or indemnity relating to these assets, and forward financial instruments referred to in Article L.513-10 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (as the case may be, after any 
applicable netting), together with the claims in respect of deposits made by a société de financement de 
l'habitat (i.e. the issuer of obligations de financement de l'habitat, such as the Issuer) with credit institutions, 
are allocated in priority to the payment of any sums due in respect of the obligations de financement de 
l'habitat issued by the Issuer and any other resources raised by the Issuer and benefiting from the Privilège; 
(ii) 
prior to 8 July 2022, when a société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, 
judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou 
de liquidation judiciaires) or to conciliation proceedings with its creditors (procédure de conciliation), and, 
as from 8 July 2022, when a société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer is subject to safeguard, 
judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de redressement ou 
de liquidation judiciaires) or to resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the amounts arisen regularly (nées 
régulièrement) from the operations referred to in Article L.513-30-I of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) shall be paid on their contractual due date, and in priority to all other 
debts, whether or not preferred or secured, including interest resulting from agreements whatever their 
duration; 
(iii) 
until all creditors benefiting from the Privilège have been fully paid, no other creditor of the société de 
financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer may exercise any right over the assets and rights of such société

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
de financement de l'habitat, either in principal or interest; 
(iv) 
prior to 8 July 2022, the judicial liquidation of a société de financement de l'habitat such as the Issuer will 
not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat such as the Notes and 
other debts benefiting from the Privilège; 
(v) 
as from 8 July 2022, the safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure 
de sauvegarde, de redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or the resolution proceedings opened 
pursuant to Article L.613-49 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
against the Issuer will not result in the acceleration of payment of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
such as the Notes and other debts benefiting from the Privilège; and 
(vi) 
the rules set out in (i) and (ii) above also apply to the fees related to the transactions mentioned in 1 and 2 
of I of Article L.513-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) (including, 
respectively, the granting of the Borrower Loans and the issue of the Notes) and to sums due, as the case 
may be, under the contract provided for by Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier). 
Non privileged debts 
Sociétés de financement de l'habitat may also raise other resources which do not benefit from such Privilège. Such 
other resources include: 
(i) 
loans or resources raised pursuant to an agreement or a document designed to inform the public (provided 
for in the Prospectus Regulation and within the meaning of Article L.412-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) or any equivalent document required for the admission to 
trading on foreign regulated markets does not mention the Privilège; 
(ii) 
promissory notes (billets à ordre) issued pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of 
Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
which, as an exception to Article L.313-42 of the said code, are issued in order to refinance Home Loans 
receivables (créances de prêts à l'habitat); 
(iii) 
temporary transfers of its securities as provided for in Articles L.211-22 to L.211-34 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), pledge of a securities account as defined in Article 
L.211-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and transfer of all or 
part of its receivables in accordance with Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40 or in accordance with Articles 
L.313-23 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), regardless of 
their nature, professional or otherwise. The receivables and securities so refinanced are not taken into 
account for the purpose of determining the cover ratio of the resources benefiting from the Privilège. 
Hedging 
A société de financement de l'habitat may enter into forward financial instruments to hedge its interests and 
currency risk on the loans and exposures referred to in Articles L.513-28 and L.513-29 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), on the obligations de financement de l'habitat and other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège. Any amounts payable pursuant to these forward financial instruments, 
after the applicable set-off as the case may be, benefit from the Privilège of Article L.513-11 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), unless such forward financial instruments were not 
concluded by the Issuer to hedge items of its assets and/or privileged liabilities or the global risk on its assets, 
liabilities and off-balance sheet items in accordance with Article L.513-10 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Insolvency derogating regime 
Article L.513-20 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) precludes the extension 
of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) in respect of the société de financement de l'habitat's shareholders to the société 
de financement de l'habitat. 
The French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) provides for a regime which derogates in 
many ways from the French legal provisions relating to insolvency proceedings. In particular, in the event of 
safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) or liquidation 
(liquidation judiciaire) of a société de financement de l'habitat, all claims benefiting from the Privilège, including 
interest thereon, must be paid on their due dates and in preference to all other claims, whether or not secured or 
statutorily preferred and, until payment in full of all such preferred claims, no other creditors may take any action 
against the assets of the société de financement de l'habitat.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
Pursuant to Article L.513-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the 
provisions of Article L.632-2 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), allowing an administrative 
receiver to render certain transactions entered into during the hardening period (période suspecte) null and void 
are not applicable for agreements or acts entered into by a société de financement de l'habitat, provided that such 
agreements or acts are directly made in accordance with their exclusive legal purpose (Articles L.513-28 to L.513-
30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) and without fraud.  
Pursuant to Article L.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in case 
of the opening of any safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), judicial reorganisation (redressement 
judiciaire) or liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) against the credit institution which is acting as manager and 
servicer of the assets and liabilities of the société de financement de l'habitat, the recovery, management and 
servicing contract may be immediately terminated by the société de financement de l'habitat notwithstanding any 
legal provisions to the contrary. 
Subscription and holding by the Issuer  
Should the Issuer not be in a position to satisfy its treasury needs based on other means available to it, and as an 
exception to the principles set out in Article 1349 of the French Civil Code (Code civil) and L.228-44 and L.228-
74 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce), the Notes may be self subscribed by the Issuer in order 
to be used as collateral for credit transactions with the Banque de France, in accordance with the procedures and 
conditions determined by the later for the purpose of its monetary policy transactions and intra-day credit 
transactions, provided that those Notes: 
• 
shall not represent more than 10% of the total outstanding amount of resources benefiting from the statutory 
Privilège (created by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) on the subscription date of the obligations de financement de l'habitat by the société de 
financement de l'habitat; 
• 
shall not benefit from the rights provided for by Articles L.228-46 to L.228-89 of the French Code de 
commerce as long as they are self-detained; 
• 
shall be granted as collateral to the Banque de France or, if not, cancelled within eight calendar days from 
the settlement date or from the date they are no more granted as collateral, as applicable; and 
• 
cannot be subscribed by third parties. 
The Specific Controller shall verify that the above-mentioned conditions are complied with and report the same to 
the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution). 
Extendable maturity structure 
The possibility for sociétés de financement de l'habitat to issue obligations de financement de l'habitat with 
extendable maturity structures has been more explicitly affirmed by a decree-law (ordonnance) No.2021-858 dated 
30 June 2021, a decree (décret) No.2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 and a decree (décret) No.2022-766 dated 2 May 
2022. 
As from 8 July 2022, in accordance with Article L. 513-30 and Article R. 513-8-1 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a société de financement de l'habitat may issue obligations de 
financement de l'habitat with extendable maturity structures, provided that (i) the final maturity date of such 
obligations de financement de l'habitat may be determined at any time and (ii) these cases of extension of the 
maturity date are specified in relevant maturity extension trigger(s), which may be one of the following cases (or 
all of them): 
- 
in the event of non-payment of the principal on the maturity date initially set by the Issuer, a credit 
institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the remittance, the transfer or the 
pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether or not these receivables are 
of a professional nature, or a credit institution issuing promissory notes (billets à ordre) subscribed by the 
Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-48 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier);  
- 
(x) the Issuer, (y) a credit institution benefiting from loans granted by the Issuer and guaranteed by the 
remittance, the transfer or the pledge of receivables pursuant to Articles L.211-38 to L.211-40 or Articles 
L.313-23 to L.313-35 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), whether 
or not these receivables are of a professional nature or (z) a credit institution issuing promissory notes 
(billets à ordre) subscribed by the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of Articles L.313-43 to L.313-
48 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), being the subject of 
safeguard, judicial reorganisation or judicial liquidation proceedings (procédure de sauvegarde, de

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
redressement ou de liquidation judiciaires) or resolution proceedings opened pursuant to Article L.613-49 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
In the event of insolvency or resolution of the credit institution issuing the obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or in the case of a default of payment mentioned in the paragraph (i) above, extensions of maturity shall not affect 
the ranking of investors in the obligations de financement de l'habitat or reverse the order of the initial maturity 
schedule of the obligations de financement de l'habitat. 
Labelling 
Pursuant to Article L. 513-26-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), a 
société de financement de l'habitat may use: 
(i) 
the label "European Covered Bond" for the issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or other 
resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-33 and 
R.513-19 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); and 
(ii) 
the label "European Covered Bond (Premium)" for the issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat 
or other resources benefiting from the Privilège, provided that it complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-
33 and R.513-19 to R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
and the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No.575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended). 
Furthermore, pursuant to Article 2 and Article 3 of instruction n° 2022-I-05 of the French Banking Authority 
(Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), German law Notes may benefit from one of the abovementioned 
label, provided, in particular, that the société de financement de l'habitat confirm by a legal opinion that the 
submission of such German law Notes to German law does not preclude the enforcement of the legal and regulatory 
provisions applicable to the société de financement de l'habitat under French law, transposing the Covered Bond 
Directive, notably regarding the Privilège.  
A société de financement de l'habitat may apply to one of the above-mentioned labels and then, provided it is 
eligible, decide whether or not to comply with. 
The French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) is responsible for the granting 
and supervision of both "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered Bond (Premium)" labels. In particular, 
the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) publishes the lists of obligations 
de financement de l'habitat that are entitled to use the labels "European Covered Bond" and "European Covered 
Bond (Premium)".  
With regard to the "European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, in accordance with Article L. 513-32 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Specific Controller (contrôleur spécifique) 
verifies that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) no. 575/2013 dated 26 June 2013 (as amended) are 
complied with.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES IN RESPECT OF 
MATERIALISED NOTES 
For the avoidance of doubt, the following section is only applicable to French law Notes. 
Temporary Global Certificates 
A temporary global certificate without interest coupons (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will initially be 
issued in connection with each Tranche of Materialised Notes, which will be delivered on or prior to the issue date 
of the Tranche with a common depositary (the "Common Depositary") for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
and for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). Upon the delivery of such Temporary Global Certificate with 
a Common Depositary, Euroclear and Clearstream will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes 
equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers in other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, held by such other clearing 
systems (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms). Conversely, a nominal amount of Notes that is initially deposited 
with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, or other clearing systems. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Materialised Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in compliance with the 
TEFRA C Rules or in a transaction to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see "General Description 
of the Programme - Selling Restrictions"), in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) otherwise, in whole but not in part, upon certification if required under U.S. Treasury Regulation section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D)(3) and any successor regulation issued under the Hire Act as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership 
for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
Delivery of Definitive Materialised Notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such Temporary Global 
Certificate to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary Global Certificate, the Issuer 
will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any 
Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may 
be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment 
Amounts that have not already been paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised 
Notes will be security printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirement. 
Exchange Date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate in respect of any Materialised Notes, the 
day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that in the event any further 
Materialised Notes which are to be assimilated (assimilées) with such first mentioned Materialised Notes are issued 
prior to such day pursuant to Condition 12, the Exchange Date may, at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to 
the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) calendar days after the issue date of such further Materialised Notes.  
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than three hundred and sixty-five (365) days 
(and that are not relying on the TEFRA C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF THE UNITED 
STATES OF 1986, AS AMENDED) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287 (a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 
1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
THE ISSUER 
General information about the Issuer  
The Issuer was incorporated on 26 December 2007, initially incorporated under the name GCE ODE 007 and now 
registered under the name BPCE SFH and, as a French société anonyme à conseil d'administration. Its term of 
existence is ninety-nine (99) years from the date of its incorporation. The legal and commercial name of the Issuer 
is "BPCE SFH". The Issuer is registered with the French Registre du Commerce et des Sociétés of Paris under 
number 501 682 033.  
The Issuer is governed by: 
(a) the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce); and 
(b) the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
The Issuer's registered office and principal place of business is located at 50 avenue Pierre Mendès France, 75013 
Paris. The telephone number of the Issuer's registered office is +33 1 58 40 41 42. 
As of 31 December 2021, the Issuer's issued share capital is €600,000,000 consisting of 600,000,000 ordinary 
shares with a par value of one (1) Euro each (the share capital has been increased from €42,000 to €200,000,000 
pursuant to the shareholders' general meeting dated 4 March 2011, from €200,000,000 to €400,000,000 pursuant 
to the shareholders' general meeting dated 23 April 2012, and from €400,000,000 to €600,000,000 pursuant to the 
shareholders' general meeting dated 28 May 2013).  
The Issuer is a subsidiary of BPCE and licensed as a credit institution (établissement de crédit) with limited and 
exclusive purpose by the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) ("ACPR"). 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, one hundred per cent. (100%) of the Issuer's share capital is held by BPCE. 
The Issuer is a member of Groupe BPCE as described in section entitled "The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the 
Obligors' Agent, the Management and Recovery Agent and the Administrative Agent".  
Management of the Issuer 
The Issuer is administrated by a board of directors (conseil d'administration) (the "Issuer Board of Directors"). 
The Issuer Board of Directors, which at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 7 (seven) members, has full 
powers to act in all circumstances on behalf of the Issuer within the limits set by the by-laws of the Issuer and 
subject to the powers expressly conferred by the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) on shareholders 
in general meetings.  
Members of the Issuer Board of Directors  
The Issuer Board of Directors consists of a minimum of three (3) and maximum of eighteen (18) members. The 
duration of appointment is six (6) years. 
On the date of this Base Prospectus, the members of Issuer Board of Directors are: 
Name 
and 
Position 
Date of first 
appointment 
Business address 
Other significant activities 
Philippe Jeanne 
(Chairman) 
29/05/2019  
BPCE 
50, 
avenue 
Pierre 
Mendès-
France 75013 PARIS 
Compagnie de Financement Foncier – SCF – 
Member of the Board of Directors – Chairman of the 
Audit Committee 
BPCE 
represented by 
Céline 
Haye-
Kiousis 
22/10/2010 
BPCE 
50, 
avenue 
Pierre 
Mendès-
France 75013 PARIS 
SNC MIFCOS PARTICIPATIONS – Managing 
Director 
CREDIT FONCIER DE FRANCE – Member of the 
Board of Directors 
Florence 
Dumora 
14/05/2020 
Caisse d'Epargne et de Prévoyance Ile-de-France 
(CEIDF) SA – Member of the Management Board  
SOCFIM (SA) – Permanent Representative of 
CEIDF, Member of Supervisory Board  
BANQUE BCP (SAS) – Member of Supervisory 
Board and Chairman of the Audit Committee

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
BANQUE DE TAHITI (SA) – Member of the Board 
of Directors, Chairwoman of the Audit and Risks 
Committee 
BANQUE DE NOUVELLE CALEDONIE (SA) – 
Member of the Board of Directors, Chairwoman of 
the Audit and Risks Committee 
GIE CAISSE D'EPARGNE SYNDICATION 
RISQUE ET DISTRIBUTION (GIE) – Permanent 
representative of CEIDF, Member of Supervisory 
Board 
TECHNOLOGY 
SHARED 
SERVICES 
PACIFIQUE 
(GIE) – 
Permanent 
Representative of CEIDF, Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Charlotte Pavis 08/12/2021 
 
Habitat Rives de Paris – Member of the Board of 
Directors 
Jean-Jacques 
Quellec 
24/09/2015 
N/A  
Rosalie Toulza  12/02/2021  
SOCIETE D'EXPLOITATION MAB – Member of 
the Board of Directors 
SCI Sainte Isaure 10 – Managing Director 
To the Issuer's knowledge, there are no conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of any member of 
the Issuer Board of Directors and their private interests and/or other duties. 
The chief executive officer (directeur général) 
In accordance with applicable French corporate laws and the articles of association of the Issuer, the chief 
executive officer (directeur général) appointed by the Issuer Board of Directors is vested with extensive powers 
to act, in all circumstances, in the name and on behalf of the Issuer; these powers are exercised within the limits 
of the corporate purpose of the Issuer and subject to the powers expressly granted by the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) to the general meetings of the shareholders. At the date of this Base Prospectus, the chief 
executive officer (directeur général) of the Issuer is Roland Charbonnel.  
There are no conflicts of interests between any duties to the Issuer of the chief executive officer (directeur général) 
and its private interests and/or other duties. 
The Issuer Board of Directors may appoint, one (1) to five (5) deputy chief executive officers (directeurs généraux 
délégués). Jean-Philippe Berthaut has been appointed as deputy chief executive officer by a decision of the board 
of directors of BPCE SFH dated October 10, 2010. 
The by-laws of the Issuer provide that some actions may only be taken by the chief executive officer (directeur 
général) or any of the deputy chief executive officer (directeurs généraux délégués) if the prior consent of the 
shareholders' is obtained pursuant to a general meeting. Such provisions of the by-laws of the Issuer are not 
enforceable against third parties. 
The Independent Member of the Issuer's Board of Directors 
Pursuant to the by-laws of the Issuer, the Issuer Board of Directors shall, at any time, include an independent 
member (the "Independent Member"), who will be a member having no relationship with the Issuer, its 
shareholders or its management, which may compromise the independence of judgment of such a member, as 
further described and detailed in the by-laws of the Issuer. On the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Jean-Jacques 
Quellec is the Independent Member. 
Compliance with the corporate governance regulations 
The Issuer applies corporate governance rules in accordance with its by-laws and the applicable provisions of the 
French Commercial Code (Code de commerce).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Issuer Statutory Auditors  
The statutory auditors and the substitute auditors of the Issuer are appointed in accordance with Articles 27 to 33 
of Decree No. 84-709 of 24 July 1984 concerning the activities and supervision of credit institutions. The statutory 
auditors are: 
(a) PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit; and 
(b) KPMG S.A. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit has been appointed on 13 December 2007 and renewed by the general meetings of 
the Issuer held on 28 May 2013 and 29 May 2019. KPMG S.A. has been appointed by the general meeting of the 
Issuer held on 4 March 2011 and renewed by the general meeting of the Issuer held on 15 May 2017. 
Specific Controller 
The Issuer has appointed, in accordance with Articles L.513-23 to L.513-24 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique), and a substitute specific controller 
(contrôleur spécifique suppléant), who have been selected from the official list auditors and appointed by the 
Issuer Board of Directors with the approval of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et 
de résolution)¸ as follows: 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
Represented by Laurent Brun 
Pursuant to Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat must appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the approval of the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) whose tasks are: 
(i) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
to certify that the statutory cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the société de financement de 
l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of resources 
benefiting from the Privilège and whose amount is at least Euro 500 million (a form of certificate is 
available in Section "Form of certificate of the specific controller pursuant to Article L.513-23 and R.513-
16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code");  
(iii) 
to ensure that the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat comply with the purpose of Article L.513-28 and with the requirements set out in Articles L.513-
29 and L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(iv) 
to control, when the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement de 
l'habitat are subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from another credit institution (établissement de crédit), 
financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company included in the consolidation scope, 
as defined by Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) as applicable to the 
société de financement de l'habitat, the risks assessment methods established by such credit institution, 
financing company or insurance company are adequate, in accordance with Article R.513-21 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(v) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 ter of Regulation No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 on sociétés de crédit foncier 
and sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as amended as of 8 July 2022), the level of rate and maturity 
matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific controller believes that the level of rate 
and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from the Privilège, the 
specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de financement de l'habitat and the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and 
(vi) 
as from 8 July 2022, to verify, pursuant to Article 2 and Article 3 of instruction n° 2022-I-05 of the French 
Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), in relation to French law Notes and 
German law Notes for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the "European Covered Bond 
(Premium)" label, that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (Capital 
Requirements Regulation) of 26 June 2013, as amended, are complied with. 
The specific controller has access to information that allows confirmation of each issue's compliance with the 
statutory cover ratio. This statutory cover ratio is published on the website of the Issuer 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis by

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
the 
specific 
controller. 
In 
addition, 
the 
Issuer 
publishes 
every 
quarter 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) under "ECBC Label Data" its latest asset cover ratio 
(on 31 December 2021, the asset cover ratio was equal to 110%).  
Issuer's Activities 
Activities defined by French laws and regulations 
In accordance with Article L.513-28 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
which defines the exclusive purpose of the sociétés de financement à l'habitat and with article 4 of its by-laws, the 
Issuer's exclusive purpose consists of carrying out the activities and operations below, whether in France or abroad: 
(i) 
credit operations and assimilated operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat and within the limits of its license; 
(ii) 
financing operations within the terms set forth by regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de 
l'habitat by means of issuance of obligations de financement de l'habitat or any other resources in 
accordance with the regulations applicable to sociétés de financement de l'habitat; and 
(iii) 
the Issuer may perform any operations a société de financement de l'habitat is allowed to perform or may 
be allowed to perform in the future, pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations, and generally any 
operations participating to the realisation of its corporate purpose, as long as such operations comply with 
the exclusive purpose of the sociétés de financement de l'habitat as provided for by the applicable laws 
and regulations. 
The Issuer does not have and will not have any employees, nor will it own or lease any premises. 
Duty of care on money laundering transactions 
The entities of the Groupe BPCE have a duty of care with respect to money laundering risks and have to inform 
the Issuer in the event that they identify any such risk. However, pursuant to the provisions of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) relating to anti-money laundering, the Issuer shall have primary 
responsibility for ensuring that "know your customer" checks for the transactions for which it enters into have 
been satisfied. The Issuer complies with the same anti-money laundering procedures as other members of the 
Groupe BPCE. 
Trends 
BPCE SFH, as issuer of obligations de financement de l'habitat, operates in the covered bond market. The 
economic outlook remains mixed with the war in Ukraine, higher inflation and interest rates. Despite that and even 
though the European Central Bank and the Eurosystem of Central Banks' very accommodating monetary policy, 
including the Covered Bond Purchase Program, is very likely to become less favorable, the covered bond market 
is expected to remain a resilient market with good demand supported the reinvestment by the Eurosystem of 
Central Banks of the redemptions on the covered bonds it has acquired under the Covered Bond Purchase Program 
and the use of covered bonds by bank treasuries to manage their liquidity buffer. 
Furthermore, laws and regulations applicable to financial institutions and that have an impact on the Issuer have 
significantly evolved since 2008 and the beginning of the financial crisis. 
More generally, French and European regulators and legislators may, at any time, implement new or different 
measures that could have a significant impact on the financial system in general or the Issuer in particular. 
In particular, Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 November 2019 
(the "Covered Bond Directive") and Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
dated 27 November 2019 (the "Covered Bond Regulation") were adopted on 27 November 2019. 
The Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation aim for the establishment of a framework to enable a 
more harmonised covered bond market in the European Union. The Covered Bond Directive covers in particular 
requirements for issuing covered bonds, requirements for marketing covered bonds as "European Covered Bonds", 
structural features of covered bonds (asset composition, derivatives, liquidity...) and regulatory supervision. The 
Covered Bond Regulation mainly amends Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 (Capital Requirements 
Regulation) and adds requirements on minimum overcollateralisation and, prior to 8 July 2022, substitution assets 
and as of 8 July 2022, liquid assets or short-term exposures to credit institutions. The minimum 
overcollateralisation is set at 2 % and 5 % depending on the assets in the cover pool, based on a nominal calculation 
method. 
The Covered Bond Directive has been implemented under French law by decree-law No. 2021-858 dated 30 June 
2021 (Ordonnance n°2021-858 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162), the relating application 
decrees No. 2021-898 dated 6 July 2021 (Décret n°2021-898 portant transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
and No. 2022-766 dated 2 May 2022 (Décret n°2022-766 du 2 mai 2022 portant diverses modifications du code 
monétaire et financier et complétant la transposition de la directive (UE) 2019/2162 du Parlement européen et du 
Conseil du 27 novembre 2019 concernant l'émission d'obligations garanties et la surveillance publique des 
obligations garanties) and the ministerial decree dated 7 July 2021 (Arrêté du 7 juillet 2021 modifiant le règlement 
n°99-10 du 9 juillet 1999 relatif aux sociétés de crédit foncier et aux sociétés de financement de l'habitat), which 
provisions shall become effective on 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Regulation will apply after such date.  
Issuer share capital, Issuer majority shareholder's undertakings and Issuer Notes  
Share capital 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's issued share capital is €600,000,000 consisting of 600,000,000 ordinary 
shares with a par value of one (1) Euro each. 
A capital increase can only be approved by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, on the basis of a 
report by the Issuer Board of Directors. 
An extraordinary general meeting of shareholders can delegate the necessary powers to the Issuer Board of 
Directors to increase the share capital on one (1) or more occasions, to establish the terms of the increase, to certify 
that such terms have been carried out and to amend the Issuer's articles of association accordingly. 
A reduction in capital can be decided by an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, which may delegate to 
the Issuer Board of Directors all necessary powers to carry out such a reduction. 
As at 31 December 2021, Notes issued by the Issuer, corresponding to note 4.4 "Dettes représentées par un titre" 
under the caption "Emprunts obligataires" of the financial statements, amounted to €32,702,500,000. Final terms 
of the French law Notes listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public are 
described in the relevant Final Terms that are publicly available on the websites of the Issuer and of the AMF.  
The Administrative Services Agreement 
The Administrative Services Agreement refers to the agreement entitled "Contrat de prestations externalisées 
critiques ou importantes" entered into between BPCE SFH, as Issuer, and BPCE, as Administrative Agent (the 
"Administrative Agent"), which, following the entry into force of the European Banking Authority Guidelines 
on outsourcing arrangements (EBA/GL/2019/02), cancelled and replaced the previous agreement entitled 
"Convention d'Externalisation et de Mise à Disposition de Moyens" dated 25 March 2011 (the "Administrative 
Services Agreement"). 
Under the Administrative Services Agreement, BPCE SFH, as Issuer, appoints BPCE as its agent to provide the 
Issuer with certain services in connection with, inter alia: 
(i) 
legal and paralegal assistance of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
management and update of the Programme Documents;  
(iii) 
management of the issuance; 
(iv) 
back-office; 
(v) 
IT systems and production of functional reports and controls; 
(vi) 
management of the collateral and reporting; 
(vii) 
asset and liability management; and 
(viii) 
accounting and prudential reporting. 
Neither the Administrative Agent nor the Issuer may assign, delegate, provide or transfer its rights and obligations 
under the Administrative Services Agreement to a third-party unless it has obtained the written consent of the other 
party. In case of consent, the rights and obligations resulting from the Administrative Agreement and its execution 
are enforceable against the third-party assignee of the Administrative Services Agreement. 
As an exception to the above, the Issuer shall freely assign, delegate, provide or transfer its rights and obligations 
under the Administrative Services Agreement to any entity of the BPCE group, provided it has informed the 
Administrative Agent. 
The Administrative Agent is not authorised to subcontract all or part of the Administrative Services Agreement 
without the prior written consent of the Issuer. In any case, the subcontracting shall be carried out in strict 
compliance with the provisions of the applicable regulations. The Administrative Agent shall remain the Issuer's 
sole contact person, fully responsible for the compliance with its obligations under the Administrative Services 
Agreement and shall guarantee the Issuer against any default and/or fault of its subcontractor(s). In consideration

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
of the services provided by the Administrative Agent to the Issuer under the Administrative Services Agreement, 
the Issuer will pay to the Administrative Agent a price agreed between the Issuer and the Administrative Agent. 
The Administrative Services Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. The 
Issuer and the Administrative Agent have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the 
validity, interpretation or execution of the Administrative Services Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent 
court of Paris. 
The Management and Recovery Agreement 
Background 
The Management and Recovery Agreement refers to the agreement dated 25 March 2011 (as amended from time 
to time) and entered into between BPCE SFH, as Issuer and BPCE, as management and recovery agent (the 
Management and Recovery Agent). 
Purpose 
Under the Management and Recovery Agreement, BPCE SFH, as Issuer, appoints BPCE as its agent (i) to perform 
the missions of management and recovery referred to in Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier), (ii) to ensure the ALM management of the Issuer, (iii) to perform any 
calculation in relation to the Programme Documents and (iv) to open and maintain bank accounts and to manage 
and invest the Issuer's cash. 
Management and Recovery of the Issuer's Assets 
General Principles 
Pursuant to Article L.513-15 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), the Issuer 
has appointed the Management and Recovery Agent to ensure the management and recovery of the Issuer's Assets. 
For the purposes of the below:  
"Issuer's Assets" means the assets that the Issuer may acquire from time to time in accordance with the laws and 
regulations applicable to the sociétés de financement de l'habitat;  
"Remitted Assets"means the assets transferred as security for loans granted by the Issuer in accordance with the 
laws and regulations applicable to the sociétés de financement de l'habitat. 
Management of the Issuer's Assets 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall ensure directly or indirectly the management of the Issuer's Assets, 
consisting of:  
- 
claiming any sum owed by the debtors of the Issuer's Assets pursuant to any contractual provision 
governing the Issuer's Assets; and 
- 
generally, managing the relationship with the debtors and any event related to the management of the 
Issuer's Assets.  
The management of such Issuer's Assets shall be performed by the entities which sold or contribute to such Issuer's 
Assets, as long as the guarantee or security interest to which they are subject has not been realised. 
Recovery of the Issuer's Assets 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall be responsible, directly or indirectly, for the recovery of the Issuer's 
Assets and shall ensure the reception of the payments in relation to the Issuer's Assets on the relevant bank account 
of the Issuer on each relevant payment date, pursuant to the provisions of the agreements in relation to the Issuer's 
Assets. 
In case of an event of default in relation to an Issuer's Asset, or any other similar event, as may be provided for in 
the relevant agreement governing such Issuer's Asset, the Management and Recovery Agent shall enforce any 
rights, security interests and guarantees available to the Issuer and generally take any appropriate measures of 
execution to recover the Issuer's Assets.  
Management and Recovery of the Remitted Assets  
In case of an event allowing the Issuer to become the owner of the Remitted Assets, the Issuer has appointed the 
Management and Recovery Agent to enforce any guarantee or rights against the relevant debtors and to ensure the 
management and recovery of such Issuer's Assets in accordance with the provisions of the Management and 
Recovery Agreement.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
Management and Recovery Agent's duties regarding the refinancing of the Transferred Assets 
After title to Home Loans and related Home Loan Security has been transferred to the Issuer upon enforcement of 
the Collateral Security following the occurrence of a Group Enforcement Notice (the "Transferred Assets"), the 
Management and Recovery Agent shall in order for the Issuer to be able to make payments when due under the 
relevant Series of Notes. 
Asset Liabilities Management (ALM) 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall ensure the asset/liabilities management of the Issuer pursuant to the 
provisions of the Management and Recovery Agreement. 
Bank Accounts and Cash Management 
Bank Accounts 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall, pursuant to the provisions of the Management and Recovery 
Agreement open and maintain in its books or in the books of any authorised entity whose unsecured debt 
obligations are rated at least A (long-term) (S&P) and A2 (long-term) and P-1 (short-term) (Moody's) (the 
"Account Bank Required Ratings"), the bank accounts of the Issuer. 
If the unsecured debt obligations of the Management and Recovery become rated below any of the Account Bank 
Required Ratings, the Issuer will, by written notice to the Management and Recovery Agent, terminate the 
appointment of the Management and Recovery Agent as account bank (without prejudice to its other obligations 
under the Management and Recovery Agreement) within sixty (60) calendar days, provided however that such 
termination will not take effect unless the following conditions are satisfied: 
(a) a substitute account bank has been effectively appointed by the Issuer; 
(b) the unsecured debt obligations of the substitute account bank have at least the Account Bank Required 
Ratings;  
(c) the relevant bank accounts of the Issuer have been transferred in the books of a substitute account bank; 
and 
(d) such substitution shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations. 
If the unsecured debt obligations of any entity appointed by the Management and Recovery Agent for the purpose 
of maintaining one or several bank account of the Issuer become rated below any of the Account Bank Required 
Ratings, the Management and Recovery Agent shall apply mutatis mutandis the same provisions as set out above 
vis-à-vis the relevant entity.  
Cash flows identification 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall (i) direct any cash flow received from the Issuer on the relevant bank 
accounts, (ii) identify any source and any type of sums amongst the cash flows and to reconcile those sums with 
the cash flows that should have been received by the Issuer and (iii) establish a report addressed to the Issuer, as 
described in the Administrative Services Agreement. 
Cash management 
The Management and Recovery Agent shall invest the available cash of the Issuer in, prior to 8 July 2022, 
substitution assets which comply with the provisions of Articles L.513-7, R.513-6 and R.513-20 of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and as of 8 July 2022, liquid assets or short-term 
exposures to credit institutions (the "Substitution Assets"). 
Calculations 
The Management and Recovery Agent is in charge of any calculations in relation to the ALM, and may perform 
additional calculations, if so provided for by any of the Programme agreements or any other agreement the Issuer 
may enter into.  
Fees 
In consideration of the services provided by the Management and Recovery Agent to the Issuer under the 
Management and Recovery Agreement, the Issuer will pay to the Management and Recovery Agent a fee. 
Delegation and agency 
Save for the transfer of the Issuer's accounts in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Management 
and Recovery Agreement, the Management and Recovery Agent may not assign its rights and obligations under 
the Management and Recovery Agreement but will have the right to be assisted by, to appoint or to delegate to

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
any third party in the performance of certain or all its tasks under the Management and Recovery Agreement 
provided that: 
(a) the Management and Recovery Agent remains liable to the Issuer for the proper performance of those 
tasks; and 
(b) the relevant third party has undertaken to comply with all obligations binding upon the Management and 
Recovery Agent under the Management and Recovery Agreement. 
Replacement 
(a) The Management and Recovery Agreement is entered into for a duration equal to the duration of the 
Issuer. Each party may request the termination of the Management and Recovery Agreement using a 
registered letter with proof of reception, at least three (3) months before the termination date indicated in 
such letter. 
(b) In the case of a notice of termination under paragraph (a) above, the Management and Recovery Agent 
shall be released of its obligations under the Management and Recovery Agreement as from the 
appointment of a successor of the obligations of the Management and Recovery Agent and shall make its 
best efforts to assist the Issuer in the research of a successor.  
(c) In the case of a notice of termination under paragraph (a) above, the Management and Recovery 
Agreement shall be terminated on the termination date mentioned in the notice of termination. 
(d) The Management and Recovery Agreement shall early terminate upon (i) termination by the Issuer in the 
event the Management and Recovery Agent is subject to bankruptcy proceedings (sauvegarde, 
redressement ou liquidation judiciaires) (or any analoguous proceedings or circumstances), (ii) notice by 
way of registered letter with proof of receipt, by any of the parties upon occurrence of a breach by the 
other party of its obligations; under the Management and Recovery Agreement and (iii) on the effective 
termination date of the Administrative Services Agreement. 
Limited liability and recourse 
The Issuer has undertaken irrevocably and unconditionally not to bring any contractual claim against the 
Management and Recovery Agent pursuant to the Management and Recovery Agreement, except in case of gross 
misconduct or misrepresentation of the Management and Recovery Agent. 
Amendment 
No amendment, modification, alteration or supplement shall be made to the Management and Recovery Agreement 
without prior consent in writing of all parties thereto.  
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Management and Recovery Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, French law. 
The Issuer and the Management and Recovery Agent have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in 
connection with the Management and Recovery Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
THE CREDIT FACILITY AND COLLATERAL FRAMEWORK AGREEMENT  
Background 
On 19 April 2011, BPCE SFH, BPCE and each Original Borrower and Original Guarantor entered into a credit 
facility and collateral framework agreement (as amended from time to time, the "Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement") setting out the general terms and conditions of the Credit Facility (as defined below 
under "The Credit Facility") to be granted by BPCE SFH to the Borrowers (including BPCE, as the case may be), 
the terms and conditions for the creation, monitoring, and enforcement of the Collateral Security (as defined below 
under "The Collateral Security") and the role of BPCE as representative of the Obligors vis-à-vis the Issuer as 
Obligors' Agent (as defined below under "The Obligors' Agent"). This section sets out the main provisions of the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. 
The Credit Facility 
The proceeds from the issuance of Notes will be used by the Issuer, as lender (in such capacity, the "Lender") to 
fund advances to the Borrowers (each a "Borrower Loan") which shall be made available under a multicurrency 
revolving loan facility (the "Credit Facility"), in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. Each Borrower shall apply all amounts borrowed by it under the 
Credit Facility inter alia for the refinancing of its residential loans activity. 
The Credit Facility shall be made available to the Borrowers in an aggregate maximum amount equal to the 
Programme Amount. 
The terms and conditions regarding the calculation and the payment of interest under a Borrower Loan shall mirror 
the equivalent terms and conditions of the Final Terms of the corresponding Notes, provided however that such 
corresponding Notes and the Borrower Loan may be denominated in different currencies and that, as a principle, 
the interest to be paid by the Borrower under a Borrower Loan shall be the financing costs of the Lender under the 
Notes funding such Borrower Loan increased by a margin (the "Lender Margin"). The Lender Margin aims at 
covering, in particular, all the costs and expenses related to the structuring and the updating of the Programme, all 
the costs and expenses related to the issuance of Notes and taxes of the Lender during the Programme and all costs 
related to any Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction, as the need may be. 
If, as a consequence of any event (whether a Group Event of Default, a Borrower's call option being exercised, a 
Borrower or Guarantor resignation, as applicable, or otherwise), the Lender receives or recovers all or any part of 
a Borrower Loan otherwise than as described or scheduled under the relevant terms and conditions of the Borrower 
Loan, the Borrower shall pay to the Lender on demand an amount (the "Break Costs") equal to the amount (if 
any) of the difference (if positive) between (x) the aggregate additional interest which would have been payable 
on the amount so received until the maturity of the relevant Borrower Loan or recovered had such Group Event of 
Default not occurred and (y) the amount of interest which the Lender reasonably determines would have been 
payable to the Lender under a deposit equal to the amount so received or recovered placed by it with the 
Management and Recovery Agent for a period starting on the third (3rd) Business Day following the date of such 
receipt or recovery and ending on the date on which the corresponding amount was due and payable under the 
relevant terms and conditions of the Borrower Loan. 
The Collateral Security 
General principles 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, each Guarantor (i) has agreed to grant as 
collateral security (remettre en garantie) for the benefit of the Lender certain Eligible Assets, in order to secure 
the full and timely payment of any and all Secured Liabilities and (ii) as the need may be, to increase the amount 
of Eligible Assets granted by it as collateral security under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement, in accordance with Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier) and the provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. The 
Eligible Assets granted as security (remise en garantie) by the Guarantors in favour of the Lender under the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement shall be each referred to as a "Collateral Security Asset" and 
together as the "Collateral Security". The terms "Collateral Security Assets" and "Collateral Security" shall also 
include the cash remitted from time to time by the Guarantors to the Lender pursuant to the provisions described 
in paragraph "Collection Loss Trigger Event" below. 
The Secured Liabilities are defined as all financial obligations which are, will or may be owed by any and all 
Obligors to the Lender under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement at any time. 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, each Guarantor (i) has undertaken to grant 
up to one hundred per cent. (100%) of its Eligible Assets to be part of the Collateral Security if necessary to cure

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test, in accordance with the provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Security 
Agreement and (ii) has further acknowledged and agreed the Collateral Security shall secure the payments of all 
and any Secured Liabilities of any and all Obligors (without distinction). 
For the purposes of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, an "Eligible Asset" shall be any 
Home Loan Receivable arising from a Home Loan that complies with the Home Loans Eligibility Criteria, where: 
"Home Loan" means any loan granted for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a residential real estate 
property. 
"Home Loans Eligibility Criteria" shall include the following cumulative criteria: 
(a) the Home Loan has been granted for the purpose of financing, in whole or in part, a residential real estate 
property, within the meaning of Article L.513-29-II-1° of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier);  
(i) the underlying property is located in France;  
(ii) the Home Loan is secured by a Mortgage or a Home Loan Guarantee, where: 
"Mortgage" means a first rank hypothèque or an in rem security interest providing an equivalent 
guarantee (sûreté immobilière conférant une garantie équivalente), within the meaning of Article 
L.513-29-II-2°(a) and R.513-4 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier); 
"Home Loan Guarantee" means a guarantee (cautionnement) securing the repayment of a given 
Home Loan and granted by a credit institution or an insurance company, within the meaning of 
Article L.513-29-II-2°(b) of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) 
(each, a "Home Loan Guarantor"). 
"Home Loan Security" shall refer to any Mortgage or Home Loan Guarantee securing a Home Loan; 
(b) prior to the date upon which the Home Loan had been made available to the borrower thereof, all lending 
criteria and preconditions as applied by the originator of the Home Loan pursuant to its customary lending 
procedures were satisfied; 
(c) the underlying property is residential, not commercial; 
(d) the Home Loan is governed by French law; 
(e) the Home Loan is denominated in Euro; 
(f) the borrower under the Home Loan is an individual or a "SCI patrimoniale" (provided that the 
shareholders of such SCI shall only be individuals); 
(g) as of the relevant the Selection Date, the current principal balance of such Home Loan is no more than 
Euro 1,000,000; 
(h) the loan-to-value (the LTV) of the Home Loan is no more than one hundred per cent. (100%); 
(i) as of the Asset Report Date on which the relevant Home Loan has been selected by the Obligors' Agent 
to be part of the Collateral Security (the "Selection Date"), the remaining term for the Home Loan is less 
than thirty (30) years; 
(j) as of the relevant Selection Date, the borrower under the Home Loan has paid at least one (1) instalment 
in respect of the Home Loan; 
(k) the borrower under the Home Loan is not an employee of the originator of such Home Loan; 
(l) the Home Loan is current (i.e. does not present any arrears) as of the relevant Selection Date; 
(m) the Home Loan is either monthly, quarterly or bi-yearly amortising as of the relevant Selection Date; 
(n) the borrower under the Home Loan is not in default on any other loan granted by the originator; 
(o) the borrower under the Home Loan does not benefit from a contractual right of set-off; 
(p) the opening by the borrower under the Home Loan of a bank account dedicated to payments due under 
the Home Loan is not provided in the relevant contractual arrangements as a condition precedent to the 
originator of the Home Loan making the Home Loan available to the borrower under the Home Loan; 
(q) the Home Loan has been fully disbursed; and 
(r) no amount drawn under the Home Loan is capable of being redrawn by the borrower thereof.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
The Home Loans Eligibility Criteria may be amended from time to time subject to prior Rating Confirmation (as 
defined above in section entitled "General Description of the Programme"). 
"Home Loan Receivables" means any and all receivables arising from a Home Loan and "Home Loan 
Receivable" means any of them. 
The Eligible Assets may be originated either by the Guarantor itself or by another member of the Group (a 
"Subsidiary"). 
The creation, perfection and enforcement of the Collateral Security shall be governed by Article L.211-38 et seq. 
of French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
Establishment and adaptation of the Collateral Security 
On each Asset Cover Test Date, save for BPCE, each Guarantor shall grant as collateral security (remettre en 
garantie) for the benefit of the Lender, in order to secure the full and timely payment of all Secured Liabilities, 
Eligible Assets. The aggregate amount of the Eligible Assets so granted as collateral security (remis en garantie) 
shall be such that the Asset Cover Test (as mentioned in the section "Cover Ratios") be or remain, as applicable, 
complied with, on such Asset Cover Test Date. In practice, the Obligors' Agent, acting in the name and on behalf 
of each relevant Guarantor shall (i) select Eligible Assets in the pool of Eligible Assets of each relevant Guarantor, 
for an amount at least equal to the amount required pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Security 
Agreement and (ii) include (remettre en garantie) such Eligible Assets in the Collateral Security. 
Additional Quantity of Collateral Security Assets in case of Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test 
If on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Test is not complied with, this event shall constitute a "Non-
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test". The Credit Facility and Collateral Security Agreement provides that 
following the occurrence of a Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test: 
(i) 
no Borrower shall be entitled to draw any Borrower Loan under the Credit Facility as long as the Non-
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test is pending; 
(ii) 
the Management and Recovery Agent shall promptly determine and indicate to the Obligors' Agent the 
aggregate additional amount of Collateral Security Assets necessary in order for the Asset Cover Test to 
be complied with; and  
(iii) 
the Obligors' Agent, acting on behalf of each Guarantor, shall (1) select Eligible Assets in the pool of 
Eligible Assets of each relevant Guarantor, for an amount at least equal to the total amount indicated in 
accordance with paragraph (ii) above and (2) include such Eligible Assets in the Collateral Security. 
A failure to cure a Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test which has occurred on any Asset Cover Test Date 
prior to the next following Asset Cover Test Date shall constitute a "Breach of Asset Cover Test". Any Breach 
of Asset Cover Test shall be a Group Event of Default. 
Substitution 
The Obligors may make a substitution of Collateral Security Assets on any Asset Cover Test Date, but subject to 
(i) the Lender having been informed in advance of such substitution in the relevant Asset Report (as defined in 
"Servicing of the Collateral Security Assets – Asset Report" below), (ii) the Management and Recovery Agent 
having confirmed that following such substitution, the Asset Cover Test will remain complied with on that Asset 
Cover Test Date and (iii) no Group Event of Default having occurred. 
Partial Release 
On any Asset Cover Test Date, the Lender shall release from the Collateral Security: 
(i) 
such amount of Collateral Security Assets by which the aggregate amount of Collateral Security Assets 
exceeds the amount of Collateral Security Assets required in order for the Asset Cover Test to be complied 
with on that Asset Cover Test Date; and 
(ii) 
all Collateral Security Assets which accounted for zero for the purpose of the calculation of the Asset 
Cover Test on the relevant Asset Cover Test Date, 
but always subject to (i) the Lender having received an express request to that effect from the Obligors' Agent in 
the relevant Asset Report, (ii) the Management and Recovery Agent having confirmed that following such release, 
the Asset Cover Test will remain complied with, on that Asset Cover Test Date (iii) all additions to the Collateral 
Security announced in the Asset Report on that Asset Cover Test Date having been effected in accordance with 
the provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement and (iv) no Group Event of Default 
having occurred,

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
and provided that the cash remitted from time to time by the Guarantors to the Lender pursuant to the provisions 
described in paragraph "Collection Loss Trigger Event" below shall not be subject to that provision but shall only 
be released by the Lender to the extent where the amount then standing to the credit of the relevant Collection Loss 
Reserve Account exceeds the amount then required pursuant to the said provisions and subject always to no Group 
Event of Default having occurred. 
Collection Loss Trigger Event 
Upon downgrading of the credit rating of BPCE below A (long-term) (S&P) (a "S&P Collection Loss Trigger 
Event") or P-1 (short-term) (Moody's) (a "Moody's Collection Loss Trigger Event") (or any other credit rating 
trigger which may be agreed with the Rating Agencies after the date hereof) (each, a "Collection Loss Trigger 
Event") and within, as applicable, sixty (60) calendar days from the occurrence of such S&P Collection Loss 
Trigger Event or ten (10) Business Days from the occurrence of such Moody's Collection Loss Trigger Event, each 
Guarantor shall be required to credit to a bank account to be opened within such period in the name of the Lender 
by the Management and Recovery Agent in accordance with the provisions of the Management and Recovery 
Agreement (the "Collection Loss Reserve Account"), an amount equal to collections received by the Guarantors 
under the Home Loans granted as Collateral Security during the preceding two and half (2.5) calendar months, as 
the same shall be reported to the Lender by the Obligors' Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agencies) within the 
above mentioned sixty (60)-calendar-day period or ten (10) Business Day-period, as applicable, and further, to 
adjust, on each Asset Cover Test Date, the amount standing to the credit of this Collection Loss Reserve Account 
so that it is an amount equal to the sum of collections received by the Guarantors under the Home Loans granted 
as Collateral Security during the period of two and half (2.5) calendar months ending on the last Business Day of 
the calendar month immediately preceding such Asset Cover Test Date, and any such adjustment shall be reported 
to the Lender by the Obligors' Agent (with a copy to the Rating Agencies). 
Any cash credited to the Collection Loss Reserve Account shall be remitted by way of full transfer of title (remise 
d'espèces en pleine propriété à titre de garantie) by the relevant Guarantor to the Lender, in accordance with 
Article L.211-38 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and become 
part of the Collateral Security, subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant terms of the Collateral Section and 
shall secure the Secured Liabilities as they become due and payable. 
Failure by any relevant Guarantor to fund the Collection Loss Reserve Account up to the required amount within 
the required period following the occurrence date of the Collection Loss Trigger Event shall constitute a "Breach 
of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement". A Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement 
shall result in the occurrence of a Group Event of Default. 
Servicing of the Collateral Security Assets 
Servicing 
Until the appointment of a substitute servicer (the "Substitute Servicer") in accordance with the provisions of the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, each Guarantor shall perform the servicing and collection 
of the Collateral Security Assets in accordance with applicable laws and the relevant Servicing Procedures, using 
the same degree of skill, care and attention as for the servicing of its assets not being the subject of the Collateral 
Security, without interfering with the Lender's material rights under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement. The Servicing Procedures shall constitute servicing instructions of the Lender to Guarantors and each 
Guarantor shall undertake that no change will be made to the Servicing Procedures without Lender prior consent 
in a way that would the prejudice the rights of the Lender under the Collateral Security or the Collateral Security 
Assets. 
"Servicing Procedures" means, in relation to a Guarantor, its customary servicing procedures, provided that if the 
servicing of the Collateral Security Assets has been sub-delegated by such Guarantor to a Subsidiary as mentioned 
in "Sub-delegation" below, the terms Servicing Procedure shall refer to the customary servicing procedures of that 
Subsidiary. 
Asset Records 
Each Guarantor shall, in accordance with the Servicing Procedures, establish, maintain, or cause to be maintained 
and furthermore administer at all times accurate, complete and up-to-date Asset Records with respect to the 
Collateral Security Assets. 
For the purpose of satisfying itself as to whether the Collateral Security Assets remain Eligible Assets or to control 
the conformity of the servicing of the Collateral Security Assets with the Servicing Procedures or of the 
information contained in the Asset Reports, the Lender (or any agent acting on its behalf) shall be entitled to (i) 
access at all times the premises where the Asset Records are located and (ii) inspect, audit and copy such Asset 
Records.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
"Asset Records" means the computer and manual records, files, internal data, books and all other information 
(including information stored in information systems) related to the Collateral Security Assets or to the Guarantor 
Collection Accounts (and the operation of the same), together with all Asset Contractual Documentation. 
"Asset Contractual Documentation" means, in relation to any and all Collateral Security Assets, all original, 
executive or true copies (copies exécutoires) of any contract, instrument or other document (such as riders, waivers 
and amendments) providing for the terms and conditions of, and/or evidencing title and benefit to, such Collateral 
Security Assets and any right, privilege, guarantee or security interest (droit accessoire, privilège, garantie ou 
sûreté) ancillary or as the case may be attached thereto (and, in particular, any and all relevant Home Loan 
Security). 
"Guarantor Collection Account" means any and all bank accounts opened in the name of a Guarantor to collect 
interest and principal paid under the Home Loan Receivables granted as Collateral Security. 
Sub-delegation 
Where the assets granted as Collateral Security Assets by a Guarantor consist in Home Loan originated by a 
Subsidiary, the Guarantor may sub-delegate its duties in relation to the servicing of the relevant Collateral Security 
Assets to that Subsidiary, provided that (i) prior to such delegation, the Guarantor shall ensure that the relevant 
Subsidiary has agreed to carry out such duties in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement and to comply with the obligations of the Guarantor thereunder, (ii) such sub-
delegation shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations and (iii) in all circumstances the Guarantor shall 
remain liable vis-à-vis the Lender for the due performance of each such duties in accordance with such provisions. 
Use of the sums collected under the Collateral Security Assets 
As long as no Group Enforcement Notice has been issued by the Lender, each Guarantor is entitled by the Lender 
to use the sums collected under the Collateral Security Assets.  
Asset Report 
The Obligors' Agent shall provide the Lender on each Asset Report Date, with a report (the "Asset Report") up-
to-date as at the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the date on which that Asset 
Report is remitted. 
Any Asset Report shall also identify: 
(a) 
the Eligible Assets that the Guarantors intend to grant as Collateral Security Assets to the Lender on any 
Asset Cover Test Date, as applicable; 
(b) 
any asset which the Guarantors intend to remove from the Collateral Security and the Eligible Asset that 
they intend to grant as Collateral Security Assets in substitution, as applicable; and 
(c) 
any asset in respect of which the Guarantors intend to request a partial release, as applicable. 
"Asset Report Date" means the day falling two (2) Business Days prior to (i) each Asset Cover Test Date and (ii) 
each Post-Enforcement Calculation Date. 
"Post-Enforcement Calculation Date" means, from and including the date of occurrence of a Group Event of 
Default, the 25th day of each calendar month 
Servicer Rating Trigger Event 
If a Servicing Rating Trigger Event occurs, within thirty (30) Business Days of such occurrence, the Lender shall 
appoint a Substitute Servicer (whose long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations (if rated) are rated at least BBB by S&P, Baa2 by Moody's) for the servicing of the Collateral Security 
Assets granted by the Guarantors. 
For such purposes, Servicing Rating Trigger Event means, with respect to BPCE, as applicable, the event in which 
its long-term senior unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations become rated below BBB by 
S&P, or Baa2 by Moody's. 
Enforcement of the Collateral Security 
Lender's rights upon enforcement 
Under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, each Guarantor has acknowledged and agreed 
that with immediate effect as from the issuance of a Group Enforcement Notice: 
(a) 
all rights of title, discretions, benefits and other rights with respect to any and all Collateral Security 
Assets shall be immediately transferred to the Lender, without the need for any mise en demeure, in

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
accordance with the provisions of Article L.211-38-II of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier); and 
(b) 
the Lender (or the Management and Recovery Agent acting on its behalf) will, in particular, but without 
limitation: 
(i) 
appoint a substitute servicer (the "Substitute Servicer") to carry out the servicing of the Collateral 
Security Assets in its name and on its behalf; 
(ii) notify or instruct any such Substitute Servicer to notify all borrowers under the Collateral Security 
Assets to pay any and all amounts due and payable by them thereunder to the credit of the bank 
account specified in the relevant notice; 
(iii) exercise in a discretionary manner all rights attached to the Collateral Security Assets; and 
(iv) in particular, but without limitation, sale, transfer or provide as collateral security the Collateral 
Security Assets to any purchaser or securitisation vehicle qualified for that purpose. 
Obligors' obligations upon enforcement 
Following the service to the Obligors' Agent of a Group Enforcement Notice, each Guarantor shall:  
(a) 
transfer to the Lender Collection Account or such other as the Lender or any of its agent may direct, any 
and all amounts received in respect of any Collateral Security Asset and then standing to the credit of its 
Guarantor Collection Accounts and more generally to any of its bank accounts, no later than the Business 
Day following the service of the Group Enforcement Notice;  
(b) 
deliver all Asset Records and related documents to the Lender or, upon instruction of the Lender, to the 
Substitute Servicer (each, an "Enforcing Party"") to such place as the same may reasonably designate;  
(c) 
allow to the Enforcing Party reasonable access to its facilities, premises, computer and/or software 
systems; and 
(d) 
take all steps and do all things and cooperate in good faith to enable any entity which shall have been 
appointed as Substitute Servicer to take over its duties in such capacity. 
In addition, at any time after the service of a Group Enforcement Notice to the Obligors' Agent, each Guarantor 
shall transfer to the Lender Collection Account any and all amounts it may receive in respect of any Collateral 
Security Asset, no later than on the Business Day following the receipt of any such amount. 
"Lender Collection Accounts" means the account of the Lender as indicated in the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement or such account as the Lender may notify to the Obligors' Agent in accordance with the 
provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement. 
Application of proceeds 
Any principal and interest payments, distributions, sale or liquidation proceeds and other sums (together, the 
"Enforcement Proceeds") received by the Lender under or in relation to the Collateral Security Assets, or 
transferred to the Lender, after the service to the Obligors' Agent of a Group Enforcement Notice shall be used by 
the Lender for the satisfaction of any and all Secured Liabilities. 
Subject to the full and definitive discharge of all Secured Liabilities, the Lender shall repay to the Obligors' Agent 
any part of the Enforcement Proceeds not applied to the satisfaction of the Secured Liabilities, subject to the 
payment in full of all amounts (whether in principal, interest, costs or otherwise) owed by the Lender to any and 
all Noteholders. The Obligors' Agent shall be the sole responsible for the repartition of this surplus between the 
Guarantors. 
Obligors' Agent 
Pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement each Borrower and each Borrower has 
appointed BPCE as its agent (mandataire) to generally represent the Borrowers and the Guarantors vis-à-vis the 
Lender and carry out certain tasks in their names and on their behalf. 
General provisions of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement 
Representations, warranties and undertakings 
The Obligors have made the customary representations and warranties and undertakings to the Issuer, the 
representations and warranties being given on the execution date of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement and continuing until all sums due by the Obligors under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement shall have been paid in full.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
Group Events of Default 
Each of the following events shall constitute an event of default for the purposes of the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement (each, a "Group Event of Default"): 
(a) 
any Obligor fails to pay any sum due under the Credit Facility when due, in the currency and in the manner 
specified in the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement; provided, however, that where (i) 
such non-payment is due to an administrative error or the failure of continuing external payment systems 
or clearing systems reasonably used by the Obligor and (ii) such payment is made by the Obligor within 
three (3) Business Days of such non-payment, such non-payment shall not constitute a Group Event of 
Default; 
(b) 
any Obligor fails to comply with any of its material obligations under the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement (other than a financial obligation) and such breach has or could be reasonably 
expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the Collateral Security considered as a whole or (ii) on the 
ability of the Group to implement the Network Guarantee System (such an effect being a Material Adverse 
Effect); 
any material representation or warranty made by any Obligor under the Credit Facility and Collateral 
Framework Agreement or in any notice or other document, certificate or statement delivered by it pursuant 
thereto or in connection therewith is or proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect 
when made, and the same is not remedied (if capable of remedy) within sixty (60) Business Days after the 
Lender has given notice thereof to that Obligor or (if sooner) that Obligor has knowledge of the same, 
provided that such breach has or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(c) 
a Breach of Asset Cover Test or Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement occurs; 
(d) 
in respect of any member of the Group, an Insolvency Event occurs; 
(e) 
at any time it is or becomes unlawful for any Obligor to perform or comply with any or all of its material 
obligations under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement or any of the material 
obligations of any Obligor under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement are not or cease 
to be legal, valid and binding; 
(f) 
any effect, event or matter (regardless of its nature, cause or origin and in particular the commencement of 
any legal, administrative or other proceedings against any Obligor) occurs which has or could reasonably 
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
(g) 
BPCE fails to pay the Collateral Security Fee to any Contributing Guarantor and this failure is not remedied 
within sixty (60) Business Days from the relevant Collateral Security Fee Payment Date; 
(h) 
upon the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger Event (as defined in the Hedging Letter) (i) the Lender fails to 
find an Eligible Hedging Provider agreeing to enter into any Issuer Hedging Transaction (as defined in the 
Hedging Letter) within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date of such Hedging Trigger Event 
or (ii) BPCE fails to enter into any Borrower Hedging Transaction (as defined in the Hedging Letter) with 
the Issuer within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date of such Hedging Trigger Event; or 
(i) 
the Lender fails to comply with its obligations pursuant to Article R.513-7 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and BPCE does not assist the Lender in finding the means 
necessary to cure such failure within thirty (30) Business Days. 
For such purposes, "Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any entity, the occurrence of any of the following 
events: 
(i) 
the relevant entity is, or is deemed or declared for the purposes of any law to be, unable to pay its debts as 
they fall due or to be insolvent, including without limitation, en état de cessation des paiements, or admits 
in writing its inability to pay its debts as they fall due; 
(ii) 
the relevant entity, by reason of financial difficulties, begins formal negotiations with one or more of its 
creditors with a view to the general readjustment or rescheduling of any of its indebtedness or applies for 
or is subject to an amicable settlement (règlement amiable) pursuant to Article L.611-1 et seq. of the French 
Commercial Code (Code de commerce) (or any similar provisions of any law other than French law); 
(iii) 
a meeting of the shareholders of the relevant entity is convened for the purpose of considering any resolution 
for (or to petition for) its winding-up or the liquidation of the relevant entity or the opening of proceedings 
in view of the safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the debt (redressement judiciaire) 
or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant entity or any such resolution is passed;

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
(iv) 
any person presents a petition for the winding-up or the liquidation of the relevant entity or the opening of 
proceedings in view of the safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the debt (redressement 
judiciaire) or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant entity and the petition is not 
discharged within thirty (30) days; 
(v) 
a judgement is issued for winding-up or the liquidation of the relevant entity or the opening of proceedings 
in view of the safeguard (procédure de sauvegarde), the rescheduling of the debt (redressement judiciaire) 
or judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the relevant entity (or any similar proceedings under any 
law other than French law) or the transfer of the whole or part of the business of the relevant entity (cession 
de l'entreprise) pursuant to Article L.620-1 et seq. of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) 
(or any similar provisions of any law other than French law); or 
(vi) 
any mandataire ad hoc, administrateur judiciaire, administrateur provisoire, conciliateur or mandataire 
liquidateur (or any equivalent under any law other than French law) is appointed in respect of the relevant 
entity or any material part of the directors of the relevant entity request such appointment. 
"Collateral Security Fee" means the fee payable by BPCE to those of the Guarantors who agree to grant Collateral 
Security Assets (remettre en garantie) in respect of a share of the Borrower Loan(s) requested by BPCE, as the 
case may be.  
Acceleration of the Borrower Loans 
On and at any time after the occurrence of a Group Event of Default, the Lender may without mise en demeure or 
any other judicial or extra judicial step, by written notice to the Obligors' Agent and the Obligors' Agent (a "Group 
Enforcement Notice"): 
(a) 
cancel the Credit Facility whereupon it shall immediately be cancelled and no further utilisation request 
may be issued thereunder; and/or 
(b) 
declare that all or part of the Borrower Loans, together with accrued interest, and all other amounts accrued 
or outstanding under, inter alia, the Credit Facility and Collateral Security be immediately due and payable, 
whereupon they shall become immediately due and payable; and/or 
(c) 
enforce its rights under the Collateral Security (as described above). 
Other activities  
Under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, the Obligors have agreed that the Issuer may, 
without their prior consent, chose to enter into transactions other than those provided for in the Programme 
Documents and resort to resources (whether or not benefiting from the Privilège set out under Article L.513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier)) other than the Notes, in accordance with 
and subject to applicable laws and regulations, provided that the Issuer has undertaken vis-à-vis the Obligors that 
the entering into such other transactions and issuance of such other resources will be subject to a prior Rating 
Confirmation (as defined above in section entitled "General Description of the Programme"). 
Notwithstanding the above, the Lender shall remain free to issue and self-subscribe Notes at any time, in 
accordance with and subject to the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
(Code monétaire et financier) and applicable laws and regulations. If any such Notes are subsequently cancelled 
by the Lender pursuant to the provisions of Article L.513-26 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier), the Management and Recovery Agent has agreed to inform the Rating Agencies of such 
cancellation. 
Main other terms 
The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement also provides for: 
(a) 
customary tax gross-up provisions relating to payments to be made by the Obligors to the Issuer, in its 
capacity as Lender, under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement; 
(b) 
customary tax indemnity provisions relating to any payment to be made by the Issuer, in its capacity as 
Lender, on account of tax on or in relation to any sum received or receivable under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement by the Issuer, in its capacity as Lender, from the Obligor or any liability 
in respect of any such payment is asserted, imposed, levied or assessed against the Issuer; 
(c) 
customary "increased costs" provisions; and 
(d) 
general financial information covenants and other customary covenants of the Obligor.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Governing Law - Jurisdiction 
The Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, 
French law. The Issuer and the Obligors have agreed to submit any dispute that may arise in connection with the 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement to the jurisdiction of the competent court of Paris. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Collateral Security shall be governed by French law.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
THE BORROWERS, THE GUARANTORS, THE OBLIGORS' AGENT, THE MANAGEMENT AND 
RECOVERY AGENT AND THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
The Group 
The Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Obligors' Agent, the Management and Recovery Agent and the Administrative 
Agent are members of the Group and of the Network Guarantee System. 
"Group" means the group constituted by the members of the Networks and the companies affiliated thereto in 
accordance with the conditions of Article L.511-31 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire 
et financier), as provided for in Article L.512-106 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier) and being member of the Network Guarantee System. 
"Network Guarantee System" means the system set up by BPCE between members of the Group in accordance 
with Article L.512-107 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), in order to 
guarantee the liquidity of the Group and of each Network and guarantee the solvency of the Group and of each 
Network. 
"Networks" means the Banques Populaires network, as defined in Article L.512-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) and the Caisses d'Epargnes network as defined in Article L.512-86 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier). 
The Borrowers and the Guarantors 
The borrowers under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (the "Borrowers") shall be (i) those 
entities which have entered into the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement as borrower on the 
execution thereof (each an "Original Borrower" (which shall include BPCE) and any other entities acceding to 
the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (an "Additional Borrower" through the execution of an 
accession letter for this purpose, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement and provided in particular that any such Additional Borrower shall be a member 
of the Group and that a member of the Group may not become an Additional Borrower without becoming 
simultaneously an Additional Guarantor. 
The guarantors under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (the "Guarantors") shall be (i) 
those entities which have entered into the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement as Guarantor on 
the execution thereof (each an "Original Guarantor" (which shall not include BPCE)) and any other entities 
acceding to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement (an "Additional Guarantor") through the 
execution of an accession letter for this purpose, in accordance with and subject to the provisions of the Credit 
Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement and provided in particular that any such Additional Guarantor shall 
be a member of the Group. 
Any Borrower and any Guarantor may resign from such capacity, in accordance with and subject to the provisions 
of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement and provided in particular that the Lender shall be free 
to accept any such resignation and shall not accept such resignation unless in particular a Rating Confirmation (as 
defined above in section entitled "General Description of the Programme") has been obtained. 
The Borrowers and the Guarantors are referred to as the "Obligors". 
The Obligors' Agent, the Management and Recovery Agent and the Administrative Agent 
BPCE shall act as Obligors' Agent under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, as Management 
and Recovery Agent under the Management and Recovery Agreement and as Administrative Agent under the 
Administrative Services Agreement. 
General information  
General information relating to BPCE 
BPCE is a société anonyme à directoire et conseil de surveillance incorporated under the laws of France, duly 
licensed as a specialised credit institution (établissement de crédit spécialisé), and whose registered office is at 50, 
avenue Pierre Mendès France, 75013 Paris, France. 
BPCE was created by French law No. 2009-715 dated 18 June 2009 (the "Law"), as a central body of Groupe 
BPCE, which was found through the combination of the two French mutual banking groups that are Groupe Caisse 
d'Epargne and Groupe Banque Populaire.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
BPCE was registered on 22 January 2007 with the Registre du commerce et des sociétés of Paris under number 
493 455 042. The term of BPCE is set at 99 years and it shall consequently expire on 21 January 2106 except in 
the event of earlier dissolution or extension. 
BPCE is organised as a French société anonyme, governed by a management board (directoire) and a supervisory 
board (conseil de surveillance) and is subject to the laws and regulations in force in France and in particular the 
commercial companies provisions of the French Commercial Code (Code de commerce) and the credit institutions 
provisions of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), notably Articles L.512-85 
to L.512-108, and the implementing decrees taken in this respect as well as its bylaws. 
Business Overview  
BPCE is the central body of Groupe BPCE which is the second largest retail banking group in France (source: 
database, banks' websites), No. 2 in market share for customer deposits and lending (source: Banque de France), 
No. 2 in terms of penetration rate among individual customers (source: SOFIA Kantarstudy, March 2020). Groupe 
BPCE conducts all banking and insurance businesses through its two main cooperative networks – Banque 
Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne – and their subsidiaries. Its 100,000 employees serve 36 million customers, 
including 9 million cooperative shareholders, performing their duties with a constant eye on the needs of 
individuals and local areas. 
With 14 Banques Populaires, 15 Caisses d'Epargne, Natixis and Banque Palatine and Oney, Groupe BPCE offers 
its customers a full range of products and services, including deposits and savings, investments, cash management, 
payment instruments and fixing, insurance and investment solutions. In keeping with its cooperative structure, the 
Group builds lasting relationships with its customers and helps them achieve their goals.  
A guarantee and solidarity mechanism described on page 249 of the 2021 Universal Registration Document of 
BPCE (available on Groupe BPCE's website: https://groupebpce.com/) was set up within Groupe BPCE to ensure 
the liquidity and capital adequacy of the group and its associates, and to organize financial support within the 
group. 
Groupe BPCE SA (meaning BPCE and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates) had consolidated net banking 
income of €11.780 billion in 2021, consolidated net income of €1.455 billion (€1.185 billion group share) in 2021, 
total assets of €922.988 billion as of 31 December 2021 and consolidated shareholders equity of €26.034 billion 
(€25.503 billion group share) as of 31 December 2021. 
Groupe BPCE (meaning BPCE and its consolidated subsidiaries and associates, together with the Banque 
Populaire and Caisse d'Epargne networks and their subsidiaries and associates) had consolidated net banking 
income of €25.716 billion in 2021, consolidated net income of €4.285 billion (€4.003 billion group share) in 2021, 
total assets of €1,516.021 billion as of 31 December 2021 and consolidated shareholders equity of €79.592 billion 
(€78.884 billion group share) as of 31 December 2021.  
Activities 
The corporate purpose of BPCE is defined in Article 2 of its bylaws and consists notably in: 
(i) 
being a central body for the Networks and their affiliates, and as such is notably in charge of: 
- 
determining the Group's and the Networks policies and the strategic orientations; 
- 
coordinating the Networks' commercial policies and taking any measures necessary for the Group's 
development; 
- 
representing the Group and the Networks in banking associations and negotiating national or 
international agreements on their behalf; 
- 
taking all necessary steps in order to ensure the Group's and the Networks' liquidity, including 
determining policies for liquidity and treasury management, financing, securitization and financial 
relations with other credit institutions; 
- 
taking all necessary steps to ensure the Group's and the Networks' solvency by notably implementing 
appropriate financial solidarity mechanisms and by setting up a common guarantee fund for both 
networks; 
- 
determining internal control policies and risk management policies for the Group and the Networks, 
and ensuring the effective supervision of compliance with these policies; and 
- 
confirming the appointment of key policy-making executives of the affiliated institutions; and 
(ii) 
acting as an authorised credit institution, an insurance intermediary and a real estate intermediary.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
Organisation Chart of BPCE (as of 31 December 2021) 
 
The buyback by the Banque Populaire banks and Caisses d'Epargne of the cooperative investment certificates 
(CICs) held by Natixis for their subsequent cancellation was completed on 6 August 2013, in accordance with the 
timetable set when the transaction was initiated in February 2013. Following the cancellation of the CICs bought 
back by each of the Banque Populaire banks and Caisses d'Epargne, their capital is now wholly owned by their 
cooperative shareholders.  
On 9 February 2021, BPCE, the majority shareholder of Natixis, announced its intention to acquire the 29.3% of 
the share capital of Natixis that it does not hold at a price of four euros (€4) per share and filed a simplified takeover 
bid with the French Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF"). After obtaining the approval of the AMF on the 
compliance of the transaction and the various regulatory approvals required, the simplified public tender offer for 
Natixis shares was conducted in July 2021. 
General information relating to share capital 
On the date hereof, the share capital of BPCE amounts to €180,478,270 divided into 36 095 654 fully paid-up 
shares with a par value of €5,00 each. The 14 Banques Populaires and 15 Caisses d'Epargne et de Prévoyance 
wholly own the share capital and voting rights of BPCE, their shares are not listed on any stock exchange.  
Management and administration 
BPCE is governed by a management board (directoire) and a supervisory board (conseil de surveillance). 
The management board is composed of two (2) to five (5) individual members who may be up to 65 years of age 
and need not be shareholders. Members of the management board may perform other offices subject to compliance 
with the laws and regulations in force. However, a member of the management board may not perform similar 
duties with a Caisse d'Epargne et de Prévoyance or a Banque Populaire. 
The members of the management board are appointed for a term of four (4) years by the supervisory board which 
appoints one of the management board members as chairman. 
The management board is vested with the broadest powers to act in all circumstances in the name of the company, 
within the scope of the corporate purpose and subject to the powers attributed by law to the supervisory board or 
to shareholders' meetings. 
The members of the management board are as follows (on the date of this Base Prospectus): 
Laurent MIGNON 
Chairman of the management board 
Jean-François LEQUOY 
Chief Executive Officer – Group Finance and Strategy 
Béatrice LAFAURIE 
Chief Executive Officer - Group Human Resources  
Nicolas NAMIAS  
Natixis Chief Executive Officer 
Under Article 17 of the bylaws, management board meetings are called by its chairman. They are held as often as 
the interest of BPCE requires, and at least four times a year.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
The supervisory board is composed of 10 to 19 members of which no more than 17 appointed by the Shareholders' 
Meeting (comprise 7 members appointed from among the candidates proposed by the A Class Shareholders, 7 
appointed from among the candidates proposed by the B Class Shareholders and 3 independent members) and 2 
appointed in accordance with the provisions concerning the representation of employees. 
The members of the supervisory board are appointed for a term of six (6) years. The supervisory board elects a 
Chairman by vote of a simple majority of its members and from their ranks, responsible for convening the 
Supervisory Board and directing its proceedings. 
The supervisory board convenes as often as the Company's interests and the legal and regulatory provisions so 
require and at least once every quarter to examine the quarterly report drawn up by the Management Board, upon 
notice from its Chairman or Vice-Chairman, or from one-half of its members, either in the registered offices or in 
any other location indicated in the meeting notice. 
The members of the supervisory board are as follows (as at 31 December 2021):  
Chairman and Vice-chairman 
Thierry Cahn - Chairman of the Supervisory Board (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banque Populaire 
Alsace Lorraine Champagne) 
Éric Fougère – Vice-Chairman of the Supervisory Board (Chairman of the Steering and Supervisory Board of 
Caisse d'Epargne Bourgogne Franche Comté) 
For the Banques Populaires network 
Gérard Bellemon (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banque Populaire Val de France) 
Bernard Dupouy (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banque Populaire Aquitaine Centre Atlantique) 
Daniel Karyotis (Chief Executive Officer of Banque Populaire Auvergne Rhône Alpes) 
Olivier Klein (Chief Executive Officer of BRED-Banque Populaire) 
Catherine Mallet (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banque Populaire Occitane) 
Marie Pic-Pâris Allavena (Chairman of the Board of Directors of Banque Populaire Rives de Paris) 
For the Caisses d'Epargne network  
Catherine Amin-Garde (Chairman of the Steering and Supervisory Board of Caisse d'Epargne Loire Drôme 
Ardèche) 
Alain Denizot (Chairman of the Management Board of Caisse d'Epargne Rhône Alpes) 
Alain Di Crescenzo (Chairman of the Steering and Supervisory Board of Caisse d'Epargne Midi-Pyrénées) 
Françoise Lemalle (Chairman of the Steering and Supervisory Board of Caisse d'Epargne Côte d'Azur) 
Didier Patault (Chairman of the Management Board of Caisse d'Epargne Ile-de-France) 
Benoit Pellerin (Chairman of the Steering and Supervisory Board of Caisse d'Epargne Normandie) 
Independent Members 
Valérie Pancrazi (Chairwoman of VAP Conseils) 
Anne-Claude Pont (Chairwoman of Wilov) 
Kadidja Sinz (Head of Europe - Liberty Speciality Markets) 
Employee representatives 
Nicolas Getti (Fédération UNSA Banques, Assurances et sociétés financières) 
Bertrand Guyard (Fédération CFDT Banques et Assurances) 
Non-voting directors 
Maurice Bourrigaud (Chief Executive Officer of Banque Populaire Grand Ouest) 
Sabine Calba (Chief Executive Officer of Banque Populaire Méditerranée) 
Joël Chassard (Chairman of the Management Board of Caisse d'Epargne Provence Alpes Corse) 
Bruno Deletré (Chief Executive Officer of Caisse d'Epargne Grand Est Europe)

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
Dominique Goursolle-Nouhaud (Chairman of Fédération Nationale des Caisses d'Epargne)  
André Joffre (Chairman of Fédération Nationale des Banques Populaires) 
Control 
As a regulated bank, BPCE is subject to various controls by the French financial regulators (ACPR, Banque de 
France, Autorité des Marchés Financiers, etc.). 
Accounting regulations and methods 
The consolidated financial statements of BPCE are prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the European 
Union. The last consolidated financial statements of BPCE are available for viewing on its website (www.bpce.fr). 
The statutory auditors of BPCE are: 
- 
"Mazars", 61, rue Henri Regnault, 92075 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France represented by Charles de 
Boisriou in his capacity as principal statutory auditor, and Anne Veaute in her capacity as alternate statutory 
auditor; 
- 
"PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit", 63, rue de Villiers, 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex, France represented 
by Antoine Priollaud and Emmanuel Benoist in their capacity as principal statutory auditors, and Jean-
Baptiste Deschryver in his capacity as alternate statutory auditor; and 
- 
"Deloitte et Associés"," 6, place de la Pyramide, 92908 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France represented by 
Marjorie Blanc Lourme in her capacity as principal statutory auditor, and Cabinet BEAS represented by 
Damien Leurent in its capacity as alternate statutory auditor. 
General information relating to the Banques Populaires and the Caisses d'Epargnes  
1. 
Activities 
There are 14 regional Banques Populaires and 15 regional Caisses d'Epargne. The Banques Populaires and the 
Caisses d'Epargnes are autonomous, fully-fledged banks providing customers with a local service and a full range 
of banking and insurance products and services.  
2. 
Management 
Each Banque Populaire is managed by a board of directors (conseil d'administration). Its by-laws provide for a 
board of directors consisting of not less than five (5) and composed of 5 to 18 members who are appointed by the 
general meeting of shareholders (independently of the two directors representing the employees) for a period of 
six (6) years.  
Each Caisse d'Epargne is managed by a management board (directoire) and a steering and supervisory board 
(conseil d'orientation et de surveillance). Its by-laws provide for a management board consisting of not less than 
two (2) members and not more than five (5) members who are appointed by the supervisory board for a period of 
five (5) years. The steering and supervisory board is composed of 17 members appointed by the general meeting 
of shareholders (independently of the two members representing the employees) for a period of six (6) years. 
3. 
Accounting regulations and methods  
Each Banque Populaire, BRED Banque Populaire, Crédit Coopératif Banque Populaire and each Caisse d'Epargne 
present their non-consolidated financial statements according to the French generally accepted accounting 
principles (French GAAP) and to the provisions in use in all private industrial and commercial companies.  
Each Banque Populaire, BRED Banque Populaire, Crédit Coopératif Banque Populaire and each Caisse d'Epargne 
present their consolidated financial statements in accordance with IFRS.  
The consolidated and non-consolidated financial statements of the Banques Populaires and the Caisses d'Epargne 
must be approved by its board of directors or management board and, within five (5) months following the end of 
each financial year, be submitted, together with the statutory auditors' report, for examination by the general 
meeting of the shareholders of each Banque Populaire and each Caisse d'Epargne. The consolidated interim 
financial statements of the Banques Populaires and the Caisses d'Epargne for the first six (6) month period of each 
financial year, when available, are only subject to a limited review by its statutory auditors.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
COVER RATIOS  
Statutory cover ratio 
As a société de financement de l'habitat, the Issuer shall also comply, inter alia, with the following legal 
requirements: 
(a) 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat must at all times maintain a cover ratio between their assets and their 
"privileged" liabilities at least one hundred and five per cent. (105%) between their resources benefiting 
from the Privilège and their assets.  
Prior to 8 July 2022, those assets shall include the replacement assets (valeurs de remplacement) provided 
however that where the assets of a société de financement de l'habitat include receivables secured by other 
assets pursuant to Articles L.211-36 to L.211-40, L.313-23 to L.313-35, and L.313-42 to L.313-49 of the 
French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), those assets received as collateral 
security, whether by way of pledge or full transfer of title, shall be taken into account for the calculation of 
that ratio (instead of the receivables shown on the balance sheet of the société de financement de l'habitat). 
As from 8 July 2022, those assets shall include liquid assets or short term exposures to credit institutions. 
In addition, pursuant to Article R.513-8 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier), the calculation of the cover ratio shall take into account the exposures on related entities or 
entities belonging to the same consolidated group, as further described in Regulation (instruction) No. 99-
10 dated 9 July 1999, as amended, issued by the Banking and Financial Regulatory Committee (Comité de 
la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière); and 
(b) 
pursuant to Article L.513-32 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier), 
sociétés de financement de l'habitat must appoint a specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) with the 
approval of the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution) whose tasks 
are: 
(i) 
to ensure that the société de financement de l'habitat complies with Articles L.513-28 to L.513-30 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier); 
(ii) 
to certify that the statutory cover ratio is satisfied in connection with (i) the société de financement 
de l'habitat's quarterly programme of issues benefiting from the Privilège and (ii) any issue of 
resources benefiting from the Privilège and whose amount is at least Euro 500 million;  
(iii) 
to ensure that the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de financement 
de l'habitat comply with the purpose of Article L.513-28 and with the requirements set out in 
Articles L.513-29 and L.513-30 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier); 
(iv) 
to control, when the Home Loans (prêts à l'habitat) granted or financed by the société de 
financement de l'habitat are subject to a guarantee (cautionnement) from another credit institution 
(établissement de crédit), financing company (société de financement) or an insurance company 
included in the consolidation scope, as defined by Article L.233-16 of the French Commercial Code 
(Code de commerce) as applicable to the société de financement de l'habitat, the risks assessment 
methods established by such credit institution, financing company or insurance company are 
adequate, in accordance with Article R.513-21 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code 
monétaire et financier);  
(v) 
to review, pursuant to Article 12 ter of Regulation No. 99-10 dated 9 July 1999 on sociétés de crédit 
foncier and sociétés de financement de l'habitat (as amended as of 8 July 2022), the level of rate and 
maturity matching between the assets and the liabilities. In case the specific controller believes that 
the level of rate and maturity matching would create excessive risks for the creditors benefiting from 
the Privilège, the specific controller informs the officers of the relevant société de financement de 
l'habitat and the French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution); and 
(vi) 
as from 8 July 2022, to verify, pursuant to Article 2 and Article 3 of instruction n° 2022-I-05 of the 
French Banking Authority (Autorité de contrôle prudentiel et de résolution), in relation to French 
law Notes and German law Notes for which the Issuer requests the use, or benefits from, the 
"European Covered Bond (Premium)" label, that the provisions of Article 129 of Regulation (EU) 
No. 575/2013 (Capital Requirements Regulation) of 26 June 2013, as amended are complied with.  
The specific controller has access to information that allows confirmation of each issue's compliance with the 
statutory cover ratio. This statutory cover ratio is published on the website of the Issuer

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) four times a year and checked on a quarterly basis by 
the 
specific 
controller. 
In 
addition, 
the 
Issuer 
publishes 
every 
quarter 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.groupebpce.fr/Investisseur/Dette/BPCE-SFH) under "ECBC Label Data" its latest asset cover ratio 
(on 31 December 2021, the asset cover ratio was equal to 110%).  
Asset Cover Test 
In addition to the statutory cover ratio which the Issuer is required to complied with as a société de financement 
de l'habitat, under the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, the Management and Recovery Agent 
shall carry out a test on each Asset Cover Test Date to ensure that the amount of Collateral Security required 
pursuant to the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement is in place (the "Asset Cover Test"). 
"Asset Cover Test Date" means, prior to and excluding, the date of occurrence of a Group Event of Default, (i) 
each Utilisation Date and (ii) the 25th day of each calendar month. 
"Utilisation" means an utilisation under the Credit Facility. 
"Utilisation Date" means the date of a Utilisation, being the date on which the relevant Loan is to be made. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the formulae of the Asset Cover Test set out in the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement is such that (i) the Lender comply with the statutory cover ratio (as described in 
the paragraph "Statutory cover ratio" above) and (ii) the Programme be rated Aaa by Moody's and AAA by S&P. 
If on any Asset Cover Test Date, the Asset Cover Test is not complied with, this event shall constitute a "Non-
Compliance with the Asset Cover Test"). A Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test will not constitute a 
Group Event of Default. 
If a Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test has occurred and is not remedied prior to the next following Asset 
Cover Test Date, a "Breach of Asset Cover Test" shall occur.  
A Breach of Asset Cover Test will result in a Group Event of Default within the meaning of the relevant terms of 
the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
THE HEDGING STRATEGY  
The present section describes the hedging strategy (the "Hedging Strategy") to be implemented from time to time 
by the Issuer, as set out in a letter (the "Hedging Letter") entered into between BPCE SFH and BPCE, on 19 April 
2011, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time. 
Hedging Strategy before the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger Event 
Interest rate risk 
The Notes issued under the Programme may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or Zero Coupon Notes. 
Each Series of Notes will be denominated in any Specified Currency (see "Terms and Conditions of the French 
law Notes"). 
The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes under the Programme will be used by the Issuer to fund Borrower 
Loans to be made available to the Borrowers under the Credit Facility. The terms and conditions regarding the 
calculation and the payment of principal and interest under a Borrower Loan shall mirror the equivalent terms and 
conditions of the Notes funding such Borrower Loan, as further described hereunder and in the relevant final terms 
of the Borrower Loan (see section entitled "The Credit Facility and Collateral Security Agreement"). 
The Issuer is therefore not exposed to any risk of an interest rate mismatch arising between the payments received 
on the Borrower Loans and the payments to be made under the Notes. As a consequence, in the absence of any 
Hedging Trigger Event, the Issuer will have no obligation to hedge any interest rate risk. 
The determination of the interest rate of each Series of Notes, as specified in each relevant Final Terms, shall be 
made by the Issuer regardless of the interest rate conditions applicable, as the case may be, to such Collateral 
Security Assets. 
Before the enforcement of the Collateral Security, the Borrowers retain any interest rate risk linked to the mismatch 
between the Collateral Security Assets and the Borrower Loan. Thus until and unless such enforcement occurs, 
the Borrowers will hedge this interest rate risks according to their usual and current strategies and practices. 
Currency risk 
The Borrower Loan and the Notes funding such Borrower Loan may be denominated in different currencies. 
In order to hedge the risk resulting from that currency mismatch, under the Hedging Letter, BPCE SFH has 
undertaken, and BPCE (acting in capacity as Administrative Agent and Management and Recovery Agent), has 
acknowledged and agreed, that if, on any proposed Utilisation Date, the relevant Borrower Loans and the 
corresponding Notes are denominated in different currencies, BPCE SFH shall enter into the necessary currency 
hedging transaction(s) with an Eligible Hedging Provider, on or before the issuance of the relevant Notes and 
granting of the relevant Borrower Loan (the "Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction(s)"). BPCE 
SFH has undertaken in the Hedging Letter to use commercially reasonable efforts for that purpose, provided that 
if BPCE SFH does not find any such Eligible Hedging Provider agreeing to enter into such Pre-Enforcement 
Currency Hedging Transaction(s), the corresponding Notes shall not be issued and the relevant Borrower Loan 
shall not be made available by BPCE SFH to the relevant Borrower.  
Hedging Strategy upon the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger Event or Group Event of Default 
The Home Loans being part of the Collateral Security may not bear interest at the same conditions as those of the 
Notes and may not be denominated in the same currency as the Notes. Upon the occurrence of a Group Event of 
Default and the enforcement of the Collateral Security, Home Loans and related Homes Loans Security will be 
transferred to the Issuer.  
In order to pre-empt and hedge the potential mismatch of the interest rates applicable to the Notes and to the Home 
Loans and the potential mismatch of currencies, under the Hedging Letter: 
1. 
BPCE SFH has undertaken, and BPCE (acting in capacity as Administrative Agent and Management and 
Recovery Agent), has acknowledged and agreed, that BPCE SFH shall upon the occurrence of the earlier 
between (i) a Hedging Rating Trigger Event or (ii) a Group Event of Default enter into: 
(a) 
one (1) or more hedging transaction(s) (the "Note Issuer Hedging Transaction(s)") with one (1) or 
more Eligible Hedging Provider(s) in order to hedge any currency and/or interest rate risk it will 
bear in respect of the relevant series of Notes (a "Series"); and 
(b) 
one (1) or more hedging transaction(s) (the "Asset Issuer Hedging Transaction(s)" and together 
with the Note Issuer Hedging Transaction, the "Issuer Hedging Transaction(s)") with Eligible

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Hedging Provider(s) in order to hedge any currency and/or interest rate risk it will bear in respect of 
the Collateral Security Assets; 
it being provided that the Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) shall be entered into pursuant to one or more 
hedging agreement(s) (the "Issuer Hedging Agreement(s)") substantially in the approved form attached 
as annex to the Hedging Letter and in substance acceptable to the Rating Agencies, taking into account any 
existing Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction(s). 
2. 
BPCE SFH and BPCE have undertaken in the Hedging Letter that they shall enter into, upon the occurrence 
of a Hedging Rating Trigger Event and as long as no Group Event of Default occurs, one (1) or more 
hedging agreement(s) and related hedging transaction(s) substantially in the form to the Hedging Letter, 
and in substance acceptable to the Rating Agencies, in order to transfer to BPCE the economic substance 
of the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) (respectively, the "Borrower Hedging Agreement(s)" and, together 
with the Issuer Hedging Agreement(s), the "Hedging Agreement(s)" and the "Borrower Hedging 
Transaction(s)" and, together with the Issuer Hedging Transaction(s), the "Hedging Transaction(s)"). 
Each Borrower Hedging Agreement shall provide that such Borrower Hedging Agreement shall terminate 
upon the occurrence of a Group Event of Default and (ii) that no settlement amount or other amount or cost 
shall be payable by either party thereto in such circumstance.  
3. 
BPCE SFH and BPCE have acknowledged and agreed in the Hedging Letter that the Issuer Hedging 
Agreements shall hedge the amount of interest and, in the case of Series denominated in a currency other 
than Euro, principal payable by BPCE SFH under the relevant Series, in the relevant Specified Currency, 
and the amount corresponding to the interest and principal payable under the Collateral Security Assets, in 
each relevant currency, into fixed rate flows denominated in Euros, as necessary.  
Taking into account the hedging management guidelines set forth in the Hedging Letter and described in 
paragraph 5 below: 
(i) 
only the Series bearing floating interest rates will be hedged under the Note Issuer Hedging 
Transactions, where the Issuer will pay a fixed rate flows (in compliance with the provisions of 
paragraph 7 below) to the eligible hedging counterparty and will receive the variable rate flows 
payables under the relevant Series; 
(ii) 
only the floating interest rate part of the Collateral Security Assets will be hedged under the Asset 
Issuer Hedging Transactions, where the Issuer will pay the floating rate received on the relevant 
portion of the Collateral Security Assets to the eligible hedging counterparty and will receive a fixed 
rate flows (in compliance with the provisions of the Hedging Letter and described in paragraph 7 
below). 
4. 
The signatories to the Hedging Letter have acknowledged that upon the occurrence of a Hedging Trigger 
Event, failure (i) by BPCE SFH to find an Eligible Hedging Provider agreeing to enter into any Issuer 
Hedging Transaction within thirty (30) Business Days from the occurrence date of such Hedging Trigger 
Event or (ii) by BPCE to enter into any Borrower Hedging Transaction with the Issuer within thirty (30) 
Business Days from the occurrence date of such Hedging Trigger Event, in each case in the approved form 
set out in annex 1 thereto, shall constitute a Group Event of Default. 
5. 
In accordance with the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement, BPCE, acting as agent 
(mandataire) of each Borrower and each Guarantor, shall comply with the hedging management guidelines 
described in this paragraph 5. Thus, BPCE, acting as agent (mandataire) of each Guarantor, will constitute, 
and make addition to and substitution in respect of, the Collateral Securities under the Credit Facility and 
Collateral Framework Agreement, on behalf of each Guarantor, so as to ensure that, on each Asset Cover 
Test Date so long as no Group Event of Default occurs: 
 
(a) 
the amount of interest to be received under the Collateral Security Assets shall exceed the amount 
of interest to be paid under the Notes, it being provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the interest 
to be received or paid under the Hedging Transactions shall not be taken into account in the 
calculation of the amount of interest received under the Collateral Security Assets or paid under the 
Notes; and 
(b) 
the difference between the weighted average life of the Collateral Security Assets (calculated taking 
in account the constant prepayment rate (CPR) of the Collateral Security Assets) and the weighted 
average life of the outstanding Notes shall not exceed two (2) years. 
Non-compliance with any of (a) or (b) above shall not constitute a breach of such hedging management 
guidelines and such breach of hedging management guidelines shall only occur if BPCE, acting as agent 
(mandataire) of each Borrower and each Guarantor, fails to cure the non-compliance with any of (a) or (b)

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
above on the next following Asset Cover Test Date. Under the Hedging Letter, BPCE SFH and BPCE have 
acknowledged and, to the extent necessary, agreed that a breach of such hedging management guidelines 
which is not remedied on such next following Asset Cover Test Date is deemed to have a material adverse 
effect on the Collateral Security, within the meaning of the Credit Facility and Collateral Framework 
Agreement (where such expression defines a Group Event of Default). 
6. 
BPCE hereby expressly agrees that it shall pay any costs and expenses incurred by BPCE SFH when 
negotiating and/or entering into any Hedging Agreement, including for the avoidance of doubt any premium 
(soulte) payable to any direct or indirect counterparty in connection with entry into a Hedging Agreement, 
based on the most recent fixed rates of the Collateral Security Assets, as determined and communicated on 
a quarterly basis by the Management and Recovery Agent to BPCE SFH (the "Recent Hedging Fixed 
Rate"). 
7. 
The financial conditions of these Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) shall be determined so that: 
(a) 
any such fixed rate payable by BPCE SFH under a Note Issuer Hedging Transaction shall not be 
greater than the most Recent Hedging Fixed Rate calculated in respect of the relevant Series; and 
(b) 
any fixed rate received by BPCE SFH from any direct or indirect counterparty under an Asset Issuer 
Hedging Transaction shall be not less than the Recent Hedging Fixed Rate calculated in respect of 
hedging the interest and principal payable under the Collateral Security Assets. 
In circumstances where BPCE SFH is required to enter into Hedging Agreements with different counterparties, a 
separate Hedging Agreement shall be entered into in respect of each separate counterparty. 
"Eligible Hedging Provider" means a financial institution which meets the following conditions: 
(i) 
such financial institution is permitted under any applicable and relevant law to enter into 
derivative contracts with French residents; and 
(ii) 
the rating of its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is at least a 
Hedging Required Rating, or (ii) the rating of the unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations of its guarantor under the relevant Hedging Agreement is at 
least a Hedging Required Rating and the terms of such guarantee provided by its guarantor 
has prior Rating Confirmation (as defined above in section entitled "General Description of 
the Programme"), or (iii) this financial institution has provided collateral for its obligations 
under the relevant Hedging Agreement and taken any remedial action as required by the 
Rating Agencies. 
"Hedging Trigger Event" means the event in which the unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations of BPCE become rated below A2 (long-term) by Moody's or below A (long-term) by S&P. 
"Hedging Required Rating" means, as regards any Eligible Hedging Provider or, as applicable, its guarantor 
under the relevant hedging agreement in relation to the hedging of currency risks, interest risks and other risks, 
that: 
(1) 
its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least as high as "A2" by Moody's; 
 
and 
(2) 
its long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated no lower than the applicable S&P 
Subsequent Required Rating (as long as S&P Replacement Option 1 or S&P Replacement Option 2 applies) 
or the applicable S&P Initial Required Rating (as long as S&P Replacement Option 3 or S&P Replacement 
Option 4 applies); 
it being provided that if an Eligible Hedging Provider does not have the S&P Initial Required Rating at the time it 
enters into the relevant hedging agreement, such Eligible Hedging Provider will immediately provide collateral 
under the provisions of the relevant credit support annex (if such Eligible Hedging Provider elects for the S&P 
Replacement Option 1 or the S&P Replacement Option 2 at the time such transfer or novation occurs); 
Where: 
- 
"S&P Initial Required Rating" means: 
o 
"A" (long-term) by S&P if S&P Replacement Option 1, S&P Replacement Option 2 or S&P 
Replacement Option 3 applies; 
o 
"A+" (long-term) by S&P if S&P Replacement Option 4 applies; 
- 
"S&P Subsequent Required Rating" means:

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
o 
"BBB+" (long-term) by S&P if S&P Replacement Option 1 applies; 
o 
"A-" (long-term) by S&P if S&P Replacement Option 2 applies; 
- 
"S&P Replacement Option 1" means the counterparty replacement option 1, as described in the S&P 
rating criteria document entitled "Counterparty Risk Framework Methodology And Assumptions" dated 
29 November 2012; 
- 
"S&P Replacement Option 2" means the counterparty replacement option 2, as described in the S&P 
rating criteria document entitled "Counterparty Risk Framework Methodology And Assumptions" dated 
29 November 2012; 
- 
"S&P Replacement Option 3" means the counterparty replacement option 3, as described in the S&P 
rating criteria document entitled "Counterparty Risk Framework Methodology And Assumptions" dated 
29 November 2012; 
- 
"S&P Replacement Option 4" means the counterparty replacement option 4, as described in the S&P 
rating criteria document entitled "Counterparty Risk Framework Methodology And Assumptions" dated 
29 November 2012. 
The Hedging Letter is governed by French law.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 1 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Notes with a denomination of at least €100,000.) 
 
PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 
June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, in such case, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, 
in such case, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]1 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID 
II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending 
the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.]2 
[3UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the FCA's policy statement entitled 
"Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials") has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (b) the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling 
restriction should be included and item 29(ii) of Part A should be specified as being "Applicable". To be deleted if there are no UK investors. 
2 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018. 
3 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]4. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
 
 
4  ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]."

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
  
 
BPCE SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500T1UBNNTYVWOS04 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged notes 
 
 
Series No.: [●] 
Tranche No.: [●] 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2022 which received approval number 22-147 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] 
which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]5 [is] [are] 
available for viewing on the websites of BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and during 
normal business hours at the registered office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris Cedex 
13 – France) where copies may be obtained. [In addition6, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available 
for viewing [on/at] [●].]  
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, as amended. 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") which are the [2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021] Conditions which 
are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2022 which received approval number 22-147 
from the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement dated 
[●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions 
of the French law Notes" which is replaced by the [2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021] 
Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms7] [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of BPCE 
(www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and during normal business hours at the registered office 
 
5 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
6 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
7 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France) where copies may be obtained. 
[In addition8, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
 
The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated (assimilées) 
and form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the (insert description of the relevant Series) 
(the "Existing Notes") on [●]] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued interest at a rate 
of [●] per cent. of such Aggregate Nominal Amount for the 
period from, and including, the Interest Commencement 
Date to, but excluding, the Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised Notes) 
(Not less than €100,000 or its equivalent in any other 
currency at the Issue Date when the Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on a Regulated Market in 
circumstances which require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation) 
(The rules and proceedings of the relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account when choosing a Specified Denomination) 9 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] (specify) /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) /Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] +/- [●] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
 
8 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
9 Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, the Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the 
case may be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] of their 
Specified Denomination]  
[Instalment] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate] / [Applicable – 
Fixed/Fixed Rate] / [Applicable – Floating/Floating Rate] / 
[Not Applicable] 
[(Further particulars specified below in "Fixed/Floating 
Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes or Floating/Floating 
Rate Notes Provisions")] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
 
Decisions of the Conseil d'administration (Board of 
Directors) of the Issuer (i) dated [●] authorising the issue 
of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other 
resources benefiting from the privilège referred to in 
Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) up to €[●] for the 
period beginning on [●] and ending on [●] and (ii) dated 
[●] authorising the quarterly programme of borrowings 
benefiting from such privilège up to €[●] for the [●] quarter 
of [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable [before/after/before and after] 
the Switch Date / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable before and after the Switch Date with 
different Rates of Interest consider the following sub-
paragraphs only for the period before the Switch Date and 
replicate the following sub-paragraphs for the period 
after the Switch Date) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / other (specify)] in arrear]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] / [in each month], [from and including 
[●] up to and including the Final Maturity Date [or the 
Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case may be]] (This 
may need to be amended in the case of long or short 
coupon) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[Rate of Interest × Specified Denomination × Day Count 
Fraction (i.e. [●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination) / 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert particulars of any initial or 
final broken interest amounts which do not correspond 
with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))]  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF]  
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable [before/after/before and after] 
the Switch Date / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(If applicable before and after the Switch Date with 
different Rates of Interest consider the following sub-
paragraphs only for the period before the Switch Date and 
replicate the following sub-paragraphs for the period 
after the Switch Date) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] (subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (v) below) 
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date / [●] (specify)] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount)  
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination/FBF 
Determination] 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Note Calculation 
Agent): 
[[●] (specify)/Not Applicable]

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
(ix) 
Screen Rate Determination (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Relevant Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or 
other] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional 
information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each Interest 
Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]] 
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference Banks"] 
(in the case of €STR, delete this paragraph) 
- Relevant Screen Page Time10: 
[●]  
- Observation Look-Back Period 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not Applicable] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is €STR) 
(x) 
FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or 
other] and months (e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional 
information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
- 
Floating Rate Determination Date 
(Date de Détermination du Taux 
Variable): 
[●] 
(xi) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option (Taux 
Variable): 
 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or 
other] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) (additional 
information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
10 Only applicable if other than EURIBOR

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate 
Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the Switch 
Date (excluded): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the Switch 
Date (included): 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as though 
the Note was a Fixed Rate Note]/ [Condition 5(c), as 
though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] with further 
variables set out in item [●] of these Final Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●] 
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required for 
notice from the Issuer: 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not Applicable]] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA / 
Actual/Actual-ICMA / Actual/Actual-FBF / Actual/365 
(Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bond Basis / 
30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 30E/360-FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not Applicable / Other (specify)] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information throughout 
intermediaries, for instance clearing systems, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not Applicable / Other (specify)] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider the 
practicalities of distribution of information throughout 
intermediaries, for instance clearing systems, as well as 
any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
21. 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii)  Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on early redemption as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
23. 
Purchases (Condition 6(h)): 
The Notes purchased [may be held and resold / shall be 
cancelled] as set out in the Terms and Conditions 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Governing law: 
French law 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes/Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (if applicable specify whether 
bearer form (au porteur) / registered form (au nominatif)]

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (if applicable give name and 
address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be appointed 
in relation to fully registered Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable 
/ 
Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] (the 
"Exchange Date"), being forty (40) calendar days after the 
Issue Date subject to postponement as specified in the 
Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
[Not Applicable/Give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date and place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which items 14(ii) and 15(ii) relate] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28. 
Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 / [●] / No Representative has been 
appointed in relation to the Notes as at the Issue Date] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
 
[As per Condition 10 / Not Applicable / [●] (Insert name 
and address of the Alternative Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 / The Representative will receive a 
remuneration of [●]] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
I accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from (specify source). I confirm that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]11 
Signed on behalf of BPCE SFH: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
11 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/ specify relevant Regulated Market, 
third country market, SME Growth Market or MTF] 
with effect from [●].][Application is expected to be 
made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to 
be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
relevant Regulated Market, third country market, 
SME Growth Market or MTF]] with effect from [●]. / 
Not Applicable]  
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent markets 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of the Notes to 
be admitted to trading are already 
admitted to trading: 
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on [●] / 
Not Applicable] (Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that the Existing Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]: 
S&P: [●];  
Moody's: [●];  
[Other]: [●]  
[[●] / [Each of the above agencies] is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
[●]/[Each of the above agencies] is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] [[●] / [Each of the above agencies] [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") / The rating[s] given by [[●]/[each 
of the above agencies]] [has been/will be] endorsed by 
[●] in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].]

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
[[●] / [Each of the above agencies] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation/ the rating[s] 
given by [[●]/[each of the above agencies]] [has 
been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[●]/[each of the 
above agencies]] may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the [European Union/United Kingdom] in 
accordance with the [CRA Regulation/UK CRA 
Regulation].] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if it has previously been published by 
rating provider.]  
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the competent authority in France for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has 
been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous 
with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[OTHER ADVISORS 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, specify the capacity in which the advisors have acted.] 
5. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer of the Notes, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: "Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" and "Risk factors – 
Risks related to the Issuer - Certain conflicts of interest", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer".] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) Reasons for the offer: 
[See ["Use of Proceeds"] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Base 
Prospectus – if the reasons for the offer are different 
from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here.) 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible 
Projects and/or availability of second party opinion 
and any relevant third party opinions and/or where the 
information can be obtained, etc.] 
(ii) Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] (insert amount) 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum] 
8.  
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
Common Code: 
[●] 
FISN Code: 
[[]/Not Applicable] (if the FISN Code is not 
required or requested, it should be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
CFI Code: 
[[]/Not Applicable] (if the CFI Code is not required 
or requested, it should be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
Depositaries: 
 
(a) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(b) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of the Note Calculation 
Agent designated in respect of the Notes (if 
any): 
[●] 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-Syndicated] 
 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of 
Regulation S under the United States Securities Act of 
1933, as amended. 
[TEFRA C/ TEFRA D/ TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes) 
10. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Benchmark: 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR/EUR 
CMS (or any other reference rate)] rates can be 
obtained [but not] free of charge from [●]. 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council 
of 
8 June 2016, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[●] is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 2 
(This form of Final Terms will only apply to the French law Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000.) 
 
[PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, "MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) 
of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, in such 
case, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]12 
[UK PRIIPS REGULATION - PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (the "UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the [Insurance Distribution 
Directive / Directive 2016/97 (EU) of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance 
distribution], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) 
of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently, in such case, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]13 
[14MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 has led to the conclusion that: (i) 
the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments 
(as amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.]15 
 
12 Delete legend if (a) the Notes do not constitute "packaged" products or (b) the Notes do constitute "packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared, in which case insert "Not applicable" in paragraph 11 of Part B below. Include legend if the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products and the Issuer intends to prohibit the Notes being offered, sold or otherwise made available to EEA retail investors. In 
this case, insert "Applicable" in paragraph 11 of Part B below. 
13  Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if either (a) the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or (b) the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in which case this selling 
restriction should be included and item 29(ii) of Part A should be specified as being "Applicable". 
14Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories 
referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.  
15 Legend to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
16 [17UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the 
FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]18. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
OR 
[MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer['s/s'] product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, 
each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II") / MiFID II]; EITHER 19[and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales 
and pure execution services]20] OR 21[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate 
- investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, 
subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider 
any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable]22.]  
23[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPs TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 
of the Guidelines published by European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018 (in accordance 
with the FCA's policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
 
16 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included. 
17 Legends to be included if the Notes are not intended to be sold to retail clients. 
18 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages 
vanilla issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along 
the following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
19 Include for bonds that are not European Securities and Markets Authority complex 
20 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not European Securities and Markets Authority complex where all channels of 
distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines. 
21 Include for certain European Securities and Markets Authority complex bonds. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness 
required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
22 Legend to be included if the Notes are intended to be sold to retail clients 
23 The legend may not be necessary if the managers in relation to the Notes are not subject to UK MiFIR and therefore there are no UK MiFIR 
manufacturers. Depending on the location of the manufacturers, there may be situations where either the MiFID II product governance legend 
or the UK MiFIR product governance legend or where both are included.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("EUWA"), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook 
("COBS") and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA ("UK MiFIR"); EITHER 24[and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services]25] OR 26[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - 
investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative 
target market]27. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should 
take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]2829.]] 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
 
  
 
 
BPCE SFH 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 969500T1UBNNTYVWOS04 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €40,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
for the issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat and other privileged notes 
 
 
Series No.: [●] 
Tranche No.: [●] 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
 
[Name(s) of Dealer(s)] 
 
24 Include for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
25 This list may not be necessary, especially for bonds that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
26 Include for certain ESMA complex bonds (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if 
advised sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. 
27 ICMA 1 and ICMA 2 approaches envisage that a negative target market will be unlikely. Note that a programme which only envisages vanilla 
issuance is unlikely to require a negative target market placeholder. If a negative target market is deemed necessary, wording along the 
following lines could be included: "The target market assessment indicates that Notes are incompatible with the needs, characteristic and 
objectives of clients which are [fully risk averse/have no risk tolerance or are seeking on-demand full repayment of the amounts invested]." 
28 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
29 Please note that non-exempt offers in the UK require a FCA approval. Since the Base Prospectus is not currently passported in the UK or 
approved by the FCA, an approval of this document or a drawdown approved by the FCA should be required before any sales to UK retail 
investors.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
 
[The following language applies only where a Non-Exempt Offer is contemplated.] 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in circumstances in which the Issuer or any Dealer does not have to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) or a supplement to a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer; or 
(ii) 
in the Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 11), provided that such person 
is an Authorised Offeror (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 11) and that such offer is made during the 
Offer Period (as mentioned in Part B – paragraph 11). 
Regarding any subsequent resale or final placing of the Notes as specified in paragraph (ii) above, the Issuer 
consents to the use of the Base Prospectus (as defined below), as completed by these Final Terms (as defined 
below) (together the "Prospectus") and assumes responsibility thereto. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in any other circumstances.] 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2022 which received approval number 22-147 from 
the Autorité des marchés financiers (the "AMF") on 12 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement(s) dated 
[●] which received approval number [●] from the AMF on [●] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information. A summary of the issue of the Notes is annexed to these 
Final Terms. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]30 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of 
BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and during usual business hours at the registered 
office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France) where copies may be 
obtained. [In addition31, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●]. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, as amended.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the conditions which are the 
[2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021] Conditions which are incorporated by reference 
in the base prospectus dated 12 May 2022 which received approval number 22-147 from the Autorité des marchés 
financiers (the "AMF") on 12 May 2022 [as supplemented by the supplement dated [●] which received approval 
number [●] from the AMF on [●]] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
This document constitutes the final terms (the "Final Terms") relating to the notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant information, save in respect of section entitled "Terms and Conditions 
of the French law Notes" which is replaced by the [2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016/2017/2018/2019/2020/2021] 
Conditions. The Base Prospectus [and these Final Terms]32 [is] [are] available for viewing on the websites of 
BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org) and during normal business hours at the registered 
office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris Cedex 13 – France) where copies may be 
obtained. [In addition33, the Base Prospectus and these Final Terms are available for viewing [on/at] [●].] 
 
30 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
31 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris. 
32 If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market. 
33 If the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than Euronext Paris.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on 
a regulated market, as amended. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics 
denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
 
[(iii) 
Date on which Notes become 
fungible: 
 
The Notes will, upon listing, be assimilated 
(assimilées) and form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the (insert 
description of the relevant Series) (the "Existing 
Notes") on [●]] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
[●] (Insert manner in, and date on which, such 
amount to be made public) 
[(i)] 
Series: 
[●] 
[(ii) 
Tranche: 
[●]] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche 
[plus an amount corresponding to accrued interest at a 
rate of [●] per cent. of such Aggregate Nominal 
Amount for the period from, and including, the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the 
Issue Date (if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] (one (1) denomination only for Dematerialised 
Notes) 
(The rules and proceedings of the relevant Regulated 
Market(s) and clearing system(s) shall be taken into 
account when choosing a Specified Denomination)34 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] (specify) /Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Final Maturity Date: 
(specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year) 
8. 
Extended Final Maturity Date: 
[[●] (if applicable, specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Notes) Interest Payment Date falling on or nearest to 
the relevant month and year) /Not Applicable] 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS or other] +/- [●] per 
cent. Floating Rate] 
 
34 Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, the Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity of less 
than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise 
constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 must have a minimum redemption amount of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
[Fixed/Floating Rate] 
[Fixed/Fixed Rate] 
[Floating/Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
10. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Final 
Maturity Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, 
as the case may be] at [[100 per cent.] / [[●] per cent.]] 
of their Specified Denomination]  
[Instalment] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
11. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable – Fixed/Floating Rate] / [Applicable – 
Fixed/Fixed Rate] / [Applicable – Floating/Floating 
Rate] / [Not Applicable] 
[(Further 
particulars 
specified 
below 
in 
"Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes 
or Floating/Floating Rate Notes Provisions")] 
12. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Noteholder Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
(Further particulars specified below) 
[Not Applicable] 
13. 
Date of corporate authorisations for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
 
Decisions of the Conseil d'administration (Board of 
Directors) of the Issuer (i) dated [●] authorising the 
issue of obligations de financement de l'habitat and 
other resources benefiting from the privilège referred 
to in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code (Code monétaire et financier) up to 
€[●] for the period beginning on [●] and ending on [●] 
and (ii) dated [●] authorising the quarterly programme 
of borrowings benefiting from such privilège up to 
€[●] for the [●] quarter of [●]. 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable [before/after/before and 
after] the Switch Date / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable before and after the Switch Date with 
different Rates of Interest consider the following sub-
paragraphs only for the period before the Switch Date 
and replicate the following sub-paragraphs for the 
period after the Switch Date) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-
annually / quarterly / monthly / other (specify)] in 
arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [in each year] / [in each month], [from and 
including [●] up to and including the Final Maturity

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Date [or the Extended Final Maturity Date, as the case 
may be]]  
(This may need to be amended in the case of long or 
short coupon) 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[Rate of Interest × Specified Denomination × Day 
Count Fraction (i.e. [●] per [[●] in] Specified 
Denomination) / [●] per [[●] in] Specified 
Denomination] 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (insert particulars of any initial 
or final broken interest amounts which do not 
correspond with the Fixed Coupon Amount(s))]  
(v) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
(vi) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year 
(insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring Issue 
Date or Final Maturity Date (or the Extended Final 
Maturity Date, as the case may be) in the case of a 
long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only relevant 
where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 
(vii) 
Payment on non-Business Days: 
[As per Conditions/Modified Following] 
15. 
Floating Rate Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable / Applicable [before/after/before and 
after] the Switch Date / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(If applicable before and after the Switch Date with 
different Rates of Interest consider the following sub-
paragraphs only for the period before the Switch Date 
and replicate the following sub-paragraphs for the 
period after the Switch Date) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Specified Interest Payment Dates: 
[●] (subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below)  
(iii) 
First Specified Interest Payment 
Date: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Interest Period Date: 
[Specified Interest Payment Date / [●] (specify)] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention] 
(Insert "unadjusted" if the application of the relevant 
business day convention is not intended to affect the 
Interest Amount)  
(vi) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 5(a)): 
[●] 
(vii) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA 
Determination/FBF Determination]

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
(viii) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) 
(if 
not 
the 
Note 
Calculation Agent): 
[[●] (specify)/Not Applicable] 
(ix) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination:(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(C)) 
 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- Relevant Rate: 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS 
or other] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
- Interest Determination Date(s): 
[[●] [TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for 
[specify currency] prior to [the first day in each 
Interest Accrual Period/each Interest Payment Date]]  
- Relevant Screen Page: 
[Specify relevant screen page or "Reference Banks"] 
(in the case of €STR, delete this paragraph)  
- Relevant Screen Page Time35: 
[●] 
- Observation Look-Back Period 
[[●] TARGET Business Day (specify) / Not 
Applicable] 
(only relevant where Benchmark is €STR) 
(x) 
FBF 
Determination 
(Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
- 
Floating Rate (Taux Variable): 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS 
or other] and months (e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
- 
Floating Rate Determination 
Date (Date de Détermination du 
Taux Variable): 
 
[●] 
(xi) 
ISDA Determination (Condition 
5(c)(iii)(A)): 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
- ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions/2021 ISDA Definitions] 
- 
Floating Rate Option (Taux 
Variable): 
 
[●] (specify Benchmark [EURIBOR, €STR, EUR CMS 
or other] and months [e.g. EURIBOR 3 months]) 
(additional information if necessary) 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear 
interpolation in respect of the first and/or last long or 
short interest period, insert the relevant interest 
period(s) and the relevant two rates used for such 
determination) 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
35 Only applicable if other than EURIBOR

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Rate Multiplier: 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
(xiv) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[0/[●] per cent. per annum]  
(xv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
(xvi) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF]  
16. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes, Fixed/Fixed 
Rate Notes or Floating/Floating Rate Notes 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Issuer Change of Interest Basis: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Automatic Change of Interest 
Basis: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods preceding the 
Switch Date (excluded): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms 
 
(iv) 
Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Interest Periods following the 
Switch Date (included): 
 
 
Determined in accordance with [Condition 5(b), as 
though the Note was a Fixed Rate Note] / [Condition 
5(c), as though the Note was a Floating Rate Note] 
with further variables set out in item [●] of these Final 
Terms 
 
(v) 
Switch Date: 
[●]  
 
(vi) 
Minimum notice period required 
for notice from the Issuer: 
 
[[●] Business Days prior to the Switch Date] / [(for 
Automatic Change of Interest :)] [Not Applicable]] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Notes Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
5(a)): 
 
[Actual/365 / Actual/365-FBF / Actual/Actual-ISDA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-ICMA 
/ 
Actual/Actual-FBF 
/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / 
Bond Basis / 30/360-FBF / Actual 30A/360 
(American Bond Basis) / 30E/360 / Eurobond Basis / 
30E/360-FBF] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
18. 
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] 
(iv) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
(v) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not Applicable / Other (specify)] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
throughout intermediaries, for instance clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.) 
19. 
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii) 
Option Exercise Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Terms and Conditions): 
[Not Applicable / Other (specify)] 
(If setting notice periods which are different to those 
provided for in the terms and conditions, consider the 
practicalities 
of 
distribution 
of 
information 
throughout intermediaries, for instance clearing 
systems, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example as between the Issuer 
and the Fiscal Agent.) 
 
 
20. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
21. 
Redemption by Instalment: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the following sub-
paragraphs) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Amount(s) in respect of 
each Note: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
 
(iii)  Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[[●]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
22. 
Early Redemption Amount:  
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of each Note 
payable on early redemption as set out in the 
Terms and Conditions: 
[●] per [[●] in] Specified Denomination 
23. 
Purchases (Condition 6(h)): 
The Notes purchased [may be held and resold / shall 
be cancelled] as set out in the Terms and Conditions 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Governing law: 
French law 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised 
Notes/Materialised 
Notes] 
(Materialised Notes are only in bearer form) 
(Delete as appropriate) 
(i) 
Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (if applicable specify 
whether bearer form (au porteur) / registered form 
(au nominatif)] 
(ii) 
Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / Applicable (if applicable give name 
and address] (Note that a Registration Agent must be 
appointed 
in 
relation 
to 
fully 
registered 
Dematerialised Notes only) 
(iii) 
Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Not 
Applicable/Temporary 
Global 
Certificate 
exchangeable for Definitive Materialised Notes on [●] 
(the "Exchange Date"), being forty (40) calendar 
days after the Issue Date subject to postponement as 
specified in the Temporary Global Certificate] 
26. 
Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to payment dates for 
the purposes of Condition 7(g): 
[Not 
Applicable/Give 
details. 
Note 
that 
this 
paragraph relates to the date and place of payment, 
and not interest period end dates, to which items 
14(ii), and 15(ii) relate] 
27. 
Talons for future Coupons or Receipts to 
be attached to Definitive Materialised 
Notes (and dates on which such Talons 
mature): 
[Yes/No/Not Applicable. If yes, give details] (Only 
applicable to Materialised Notes) 
28. 
Full Masse (Condition 10): 
 
 
 
(i) 
Representative: 
 
[As per Condition 10 / [●] / No Representative has 
been appointed in relation to the Notes as at the Issue 
Date] 
 
(ii) 
Alternative Representative: 
 
[As per Condition 10 / Not Applicable / [●] (Insert 
name and address of the Alternative Representative)] 
 
(iii) 
Remuneration of Representative: 
[As per Condition 10 / The Representative will 
receive a remuneration of [●]] 
 
(iv) 
[Issue outside France: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
29. 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail 
investors36: 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
(ii) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail 
investors37 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products and no KID will be prepared, "Applicable" 
should be specified.) 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
I accept responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
[(Relevant third party information)] has been extracted from (specify source). I confirm that such information has 
been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by 
(specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.]38 
Signed on behalf of BPCE SFH: 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
 
36 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (as amended, "MiFID II"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 January 2016 on 
insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
MiFID II.; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
37 The expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
38 Include if third party information is provided.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing(s): 
[Euronext Paris/other (specify)/None] 
(ii) 
(a) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[Euronext Paris/specify other relevant Regulated 
Market, third country market, SME Growth Market or 
MTF] with effect from [●].][Application is expected 
to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes 
to be admitted to trading on [Euronext Paris/specify 
other relevant Regulated Market, third country 
market, SME Growth Market or MTF]] with effect 
from [●]/Not Applicable]  
(b) Regulated Markets or equivalent markets 
on which, to the knowledge of the Issuer, 
securities of the same class of the Notes to be 
admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading: 
 
 
 
 
[The Existing Notes are admitted to trading on [●] / 
Not Applicable] (Where documenting a fungible issue 
need to indicate that the Existing Notes are already 
admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●]  
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes [have been/are expected to 
be] rated]: 
S&P: [●];  
Moody's: [●];  
[Other]: [●] 
[[●] / [Each of the above agencies] is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). 
[●]/[Each of the above agencies] is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation.] [[●] / [Each of the above agencies] [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") / The rating[s] given by [[●]/[each 
of the above agencies]] [has been/will be] endorsed by 
[●] in accordance with the CRA Regulation as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation")].]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
[[●] / [Each of the above agencies] is not established 
in the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the "CRA Regulation"), but [is 
certified under the CRA Regulation/ the rating[s] 
given by [[●]/[each of the above agencies]] [has 
been/will be] endorsed by [●] in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation].] 
[As such, the rating[s] issued by [[●]/[each of the 
above agencies]] may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the [European Union/United Kingdom] in 
accordance with the [CRA Regulation/UK CRA 
Regulation].]  
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if it has previously been published by rating 
provider.] 
3. 
[NOTIFICATION 
The AMF, which is the competent authority in France for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation [has 
been requested to provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous 
with the update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] the [include names of 
competent authorities of host Member States] with [a] certificate[s] of approval attesting that the Base 
Prospectus [and the supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus] [has/have] been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
4. 
[OTHER ADVISORS 
If advisors are mentioned in these Final Terms, specify the capacity in which the advisors have acted.] 
5. 
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer of the Notes, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by 
the inclusion of the following statement: "Save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" and "Risk factors – 
Risks related to the Issuer - Certain conflicts of interest", so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue/offer".] 
6. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer and use of proceeds: 
[See "Use of Proceeds" section of the Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
(See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus 
– if the reasons for the offer are different from what 
is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give details 
here.) 
[Describe specific projects included in the Eligible 
Projects and/or availability of second party opinion 
and any relevant third party opinions and/or where 
the information can be obtained, etc.] 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(Insert manner in, and date on which, such amount 
to be made public.) 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds are insufficient to fund all proposed uses 
state amount and sources of other funding.) 
(iii) Estimated total expenses: 
[●]

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(Insert manner in, and date on which, such amount 
to be made public) 
7. 
[FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY - YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[Yield gap of [●] per cent. in relation to tax free French 
government bonds (obligations assimilables du Trésor 
(OAT)) of an equivalent duration.] 
8. 
[FLOATING RATE NOTES ONLY – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
Details of performance of [EURIBOR/€STR/EUR CMS/other] rates can be obtained but not] free of charge 
from [Thomson Reuters]. 
Benchmark: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council 
of 
8 June 2016, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"Benchmark Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, [[●] is not required to be registered by virtue 
of Article 2 of the Benchmark Regulation]/[the 
transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmark Regulation apply], such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration.] 
9. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
FISN Code: 
[[]/Not Applicable] (if the FISN Code is not 
required or requested, it should be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
CFI Code: 
[[]/Not Applicable] (if the CFI Code is not 
required or requested, it should be specified as "Not 
Applicable") 
Depositaries: 
 
(c) 
Euroclear France to act as Central 
Depositary: 
[Yes/No] 
(d) 
Common Depositary for Euroclear 
Bank and Clearstream Banking, S.A.: 
[Yes/No] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
 
 
[Not Applicable / give name(s) and number(s) and 
address(es)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Name and address of the Note Calculation 
Agent designated in respect of the Notes (if 
any): 
[●]

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
10. 
DISTRIBUTION AND UNDERWRITING 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
(ii) 
If syndicated 
(a) 
Names and addresses of the 
coordinator(s) of the global 
offer: 
[Syndicated/Not syndicated] 
 
 
[Not Applicable / specify names and addresses] 
(b) 
Names, addresses and quotas 
of the Managers: 
 
 
 
[●] / (give names, eventually, addresses and quotas 
of the entities agreeing to underwrite the issue and 
of the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm 
commitment 
or 
under 
'best 
efforts' 
arrangements, and where not all of the issue is 
underwritten on a firm commitment basis, specify 
the portion not covered)] 
(c) 
Date 
of 
the 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
 
[Not Applicable/give the date] 
(d) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii)  If non-syndicated, name and address 
 of relevant Dealer: 
 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv) 
Total commission and concession: 
 
(v) 
U.S. selling restrictions: 
[●] of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA C/ 
TEFRA D/ TEFRA rules not applicable] 
(TEFRA rules are not applicable to Dematerialised 
Notes) 
11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction: 
[Not Applicable/An offer of the Notes may be made 
by the Managers [and (specify the name of any 
financial intermediary)] other than pursuant to 
Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in France 
(the "Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction") during the 
period from [●] to [●] (the "Offer Period").] 
Consent of the Issuer to use the Base 
Prospectus during the Offer Period: 
 
[Not Applicable/Applicable with respect to any 
Authorised Offeror specified below] 
Authorised Offeror(s) in the Non-Exempt 
Offer Jurisdiction: 
 
[Not Applicable/(Name(s) and address(es) of the 
financial intermediary(ies) authorised by the Issuer 
to act as Authorised Offeror)/Any financial 
intermediary which satisfies the conditions set out 
in the paragraph below] 
Conditions attached to the consent of the 
Issuer to use the Base Prospectus: 
 
[Not Applicable/(Where the Issuer has given a 
general consent to any financial intermediary to use 
the Base Prospectus, indicate "See conditions set 
out in the Base Prospectus" and/or specify any 
additional conditions to or any condition replacing 
those set out in the Base Prospectus. Where an 
Authorised Offeror has been designated herein,

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
specify any condition that such Authorised Offeror 
has to comply with]] 
Expected price at which Notes will be offered 
or method of determining the price and 
method for its disclosure: 
 
 
[●] 
Description of the application process 
(including the time period during which the 
offer will be open and any possible 
amendments): 
 
 
 
[●] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of application (whether in number of 
securities or aggregate amount to invest): 
 
 
[●] 
Description of the possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and the manner for refunding 
excess amounts paid by applicants: 
 
 
[●] 
Method and time limits for paying up and 
delivery of the Notes: 
 
[●] 
Manner in and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 
[●] 
Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, negotiability of subscription rights 
and treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
 
 
 
[●] 
Category of potential investors to whom the 
Notes are offered and if one or more Tranches 
are reserved for some countries: 
 
 
[●] 
Procedure of notification of the allocated 
amount 
and 
indication 
whether 
the 
distribution can begin before the notification 
is made: 
 
 
 
[●] 
Amount of any charge and tax supported 
especially by the subscriber or purchaser: 
 
[●] 
Name(s) and address(es), as they are known 
by the Issuer, of the dealers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 
 
[●] 
 
[Insert Issue Specific Summary]

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
FORM OF CERTIFICATE OF THE SPECIFIC CONTROLLER PURSUANT TO ARTICLES L.513-23 
AND R.513-16 OF THE FRENCH MONETARY AND FINANCIAL CODE 
[Translated from French - Only applicable if the amount of Notes issued equals or exceeds Euro 500,000,000 
or its equivalent in any other currency] 
 
To the Directors of BPCE SFH, 
In our capacity as specific controller (contrôleur spécifique) of your company and pursuant to the provisions set 
forth in Articles L.513-23 and R.513-16 of the French Monetary and Financial Code, we hereby set out our 
certification regarding compliance with the rule provided for in Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code within the framework of any issue of mortgage debentures with a unit value of at least EUR 500 
million. 
In a decision dated [●], the Board of Directors of BPCE SFH set the maximum ceiling for the programme for 
issuing funding that qualify for the privileged right laid down by Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and 
Financial Code at EUR [●], for the period from [●] to [●]. 
Within the scope of this quarterly issue programme, in a decision dated [●], the [●] of [●] approved a new issue 
of funds qualifying for the preferential rights set forth in Article L.513-11 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code, for an amount of EUR [●]. 
Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code states that the total amount of assets held by sociétés 
de financement de l'habitat (special-purpose real estate credit institutions) must be greater than the amount of 
liabilities which qualify for the privileged right mentioned in Article L.513-11 of said code. Our responsibility is 
to certify the compliance of the current transaction with this rule. 
Compliance with this rule, after taking into account the aforementioned debenture issue, was verified on the basis 
of estimated and forecasted financial data, drawn up under the responsibility of your Board of Directors. The 
forecasted financial data were drawn up on the basis of assumptions which reflect the position that you deemed to 
be most probable as of the date of the present issue. This information is presented in an appendix to this report. 
We performed our review in accordance with the procedures issued from the professional rules and practises of 
the Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes (National Association of Statutory Auditors) that are 
applicable to this type of assignment. These procedures, based on such financial information, were carried out in 
order to verify compliance with the rule laid down by Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code 
and with the methods of calculating the hedge ratio provided for in Regulation No. 99-10 of the French Banking 
and Financial Regulations Committee. 
Our work has also required that we plan and prepare our review leading to an assessment of the fair presentation 
of the estimated and the forecasted financial data, drawn up as of the closest date of the present issue, with regard 
to its consistency, plausibility and relevance, with a view to checking compliance with the rule provided for in 
Article L.513-12 of the French Monetary and Financial Code. Regarding the forecasted financial data, we have 
assessed the assumptions used and their statement in figures, considering that, as the forecasts are, by their nature, 
uncertain, the actual results could differ significantly from the forecasted data presented. 
Based on our work, we have no comments to make as regards compliance by BPCE SFH with Article L.513-12 
of the French Monetary and Financial Code, which states that the amount of assets must be greater than the amount 
of preferential liabilities, after taking into account the aforementioned issue. 
 
Paris, [●] 
 
The Specific Controller 
___________________________________________ 
CAILLIAU DEDOUIT ET ASSOCIES 
Laurent BRUN

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
APPENDIX 
 
Figures after taking into account the debentures issues for the period from [●] to [●] including the present 
issue of EUR[●] (value date [●]). 
 
 
 
In million of EUR 
 
 
Estimated  
figures 
 
 
Forecasted 
Figures 
As of [beginning of quarter] 
 
As of [end of quarter] 
 
Total application of funds 
 
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
 
Total of weighted assets 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
 
Total sources of funds that qualify for the 
privileged right mentioned in Article L.513-11 of 
the French Monetary and Financial Code 
 
 
[•] 
 
 
[•]

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
The original certificate reads : 
Messieurs les Administrateurs de BPCE SFH, 
En notre qualité de contrôleur spécifique de votre société et en exécution des dispositions prévues par les articles 
L.513-23 et R.513-16 du Code monétaire et financier, nous devons établir une attestation portant sur le respect de 
la règle prévue à l'article L.513-12 de ce Code, dans le cadre de toute émission d'obligations de financement de 
l'habitat d'une valeur unitaire au moins égale à EUR 500 millions. 
Par décision en date du [●], le conseil d'administration de BPCE SFH a fixé le plafond maximum du programme 
d'émissions de ressources bénéficiant du privilège institué par l'article L.513-11 du Code monétaire et financier, à 
EUR [●] pour la période allant du [●] au [●]. 
Dans le cadre de ce programme trimestriel d'émissions, par décision en date du [●], le [●] de [●] a autorisé le 
lancement d'une nouvelle émission de ressources bénéficiant du privilège institué par l'article L.513-11 du Code 
monétaire et financier, pour un montant de [●] euros. 
L'article L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier dispose que le montant total des éléments d'actif des sociétés de 
financement de l'habitat doit être supérieur au montant des éléments de passif bénéficiant du privilège mentionné 
à l'article L.513-11 de ce même Code. Il nous appartient d'attester du respect de cette règle au titre de la présente 
opération. 
Le respect de cette règle, après prise en compte de l'émission visée ci-dessus, a été vérifié sur la base d'informations 
financières estimées et prévisionnelles établies sous la responsabilité de votre conseil d'administration. Les 
informations financières prévisionnelles ont été établies à partir des hypothèses traduisant la situation future que 
vous avez estimée la plus probable à la date de la présente émission. Ces informations sont présentées en annexe 
à la présente attestation. 
Nous avons effectué nos travaux sur la base des diligences que nous avons estimé nécessaires au regard de la 
doctrine professionnelle de la Compagnie Nationale des Commissaires aux Comptes relative à cette intervention. 
Ces diligences sont destinées à vérifier, sur la base des informations financières établies, le respect de la règle 
prévue par l'article L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier et les modalités de calcul du ratio de couverture 
prévues par les dispositions du règlement n°99-10 du Comité de la Réglementation Bancaire et Financière. 
Nos diligences ont notamment consisté à examiner le processus d'élaboration des informations financières estimées 
et prévisionnelles, établies à la date la plus proche de celle de la présente émission, afin d'en vérifier la cohérence 
dans la perspective de contrôler le respect de la règle prévue à l'article L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier. 
En ce qui concerne les informations prévisionnelles, nous avons pris connaissance des hypothèses retenues et 
vérifié leur traduction chiffrée, étant rappelé que, s'agissant de prévisions présentant par nature un caractère 
incertain, les réalisations différeront parfois de manière significative des informations prévisionnelles établies. 
Sur la base de nos travaux, nous n'avons pas d'observation à formuler sur le respect, par BPCE SFH, de l'article 
L.513-12 du Code monétaire et financier stipulant que le montant des éléments d'actif doit être supérieur au 
montant des éléments de passif privilégiés, après prise en compte de la présente émission visée ci-dessus. 
 
Paris, le [●] 
 
Le Contrôleur Spécifique 
 
___________________________________________ 
CAILLIAU DEDOUIT ET ASSOCIES 
Laurent BRUN

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
ANNEXE 
 
Montants après prise en compte des émissions obligataires réalisées du [●] au [●], y compris la présente 
émission de [●] euros (date de règlement [●]). 
 
 
 
En millions d'euros 
 
Estimé 
 
 
Prévisionnel 
Au [début de trimestre] 
 
Au [fin de trimestre] 
 
Total des emplois 
 
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
 
Total des emplois pondérés 
 
 
[•] 
 
[•] 
Total des ressources bénéficiant du 
privilège mentionné à l'article 
L.513-11 du Code monétaire et 
financier 
 
 
[•] 
 
[•]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or 
about the date of this Base Prospectus between the Issuer and the Arranger and Permanent Dealer (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), the Notes will be offered by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved 
the right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be 
resold at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the 
relevant Dealer(s). The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. 
The Dealer Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally 
underwritten by two (2) or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the Programme 
and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Notes. The Dealers have agreed to indemnify the Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer 
and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to 
subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealers in particular following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms used 
in respect of the issue of the Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus. 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that no action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by any Dealer that 
would permit an offer to retail investors of any of the Notes or the possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus 
or any other offering material in any country or jurisdiction where such an action for that purpose is required.  
Each of the Dealers has undertaken that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes, or distribute this 
Base Prospectus or any other material or any Final Terms relating to the Notes in or from any country or jurisdiction 
except in circumstances that will result in compliance with applicable laws, orders, rules and regulations. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United 
States of America, subject to certain exceptions, and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America 
or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). 
Materialised Notes having a maturity of more than one (1) year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may 
not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or its possessions or to a United States person, 
except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and regulations thereunder. 
In addition, until forty (40) calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an 
offer or sale of Notes within the United States of America by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise 
than in accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
United Kingdom ("UK") 
(i) 
Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors 
In respect of (i) any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to UK retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in United Kingdom. For the purposes of 
this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the ("EUWA"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "an offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes. 
(ii) 
Public Offer selling restriction under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
In respect of any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify "Prohibition 
of sales to UK retail investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not 
make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation;  
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C) 
 at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the UK Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below) as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. 
(iii) 
Other regulatory Decisions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that:  
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one (1) year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than 
to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of Section 
21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which 
Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and  
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done 
by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered in Japan under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Law 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948 as amended, the "FIEL"). Accordingly, no Notes nor any interest therein will be 
offered, sold, resold or otherwise transferred directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or for the account of any resident 
of Japan or to others for re-offering or re-sale or otherwise re-transferred directly or indirectly, in Japan or to or

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
for the account of any resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with the FIEL and any other relevant laws, regulations and guidelines in force in 
Japan. For these purposes, resident of Japan has the meaning defined in Article 6, paragraph 1, sub-paragraph 5 of 
the FIEL of Japan (Law No. 228 of 1949 as amended). 
European Economic Area  
Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors  
In respect of (i) any Notes with a denomination of less than €100,000 for which the Final Terms specify the 
"Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Applicable" and (ii) any Notes with a denomination of at least 
€100,000, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 on markets in financial instruments, as amended 
("MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 January 2016 on insurance distribution, as amended, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered 
to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, as amended (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
Non-Exempt Offer selling restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the "Prohibition of sales to EEA retail investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms, to the public in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State") except that it may make an offer of such 
Notes to the public in that Relevant State:  
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a "Non-Exempt Offer"), 
following the date of publication of a Base Prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such Base Prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-Exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such Base 
Prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that:  
Non-Exempt Offers in France 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France and it has 
not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, 
the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except (a) in the 
context of an exempt offer in France as described below and (b) in the period beginning and ending on the dates 
specified for such purpose in the Final Terms relating to such Notes under "Non-Exempt Offer" in section 11 of 
Part B and provided that the Final Terms have been duly published and specify that such Non-Exempt Offers in 
France may be made to the public, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the Prospectus Regulation and any 
applicable French law and regulation; or 
Exempt Offers in France  
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes to the public in France and it 
has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in 
France the Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, except 
to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) in the context of an offer exempted from the obligation to publish a 
prospectus, all as defined in, and in accordance with, the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable French law 
and regulation (including Article L. 411-2 of the French Monetary and Financial Code (Code monétaire et 
financier)). 
Italy 
This Base Prospectus has not been, nor will be, published in the Republic of Italy in connection with the offering 
of the Notes and no application has been or will be filed with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") to obtain the registration/authorisation for the public offering (offerta al pubblico) of the Notes in 
the Republic of Italy pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended (the "Financial 
Services Act") and to CONSOB Regulation no. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (the "Issuers' Regulation"). 
Accordingly, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, directly or indirectly, to the public in the Republic of 
Italy nor may, or will, copies of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy except: 
(a) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined by Article 2, paragraph 1, letter e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation and by Article 34-ter, paragraph 1(b) of the Issuers' Regulation; or  
(b) 
in any other circumstances where an exemption from the rules on offers to the public applies, as provided 
under Article 1, paragraph 4 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and its 
implementing regulations, including Article 34-ter of the Issuers' Regulation.  
Each Dealer has also represented and agreed that any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies 
of this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes in the Republic 
of Italy under (a) or (b) above must, and will, be effected in accordance with all relevant Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations and in particular will be made:  
(i) 
by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Banking Act"), CONSOB Regulation no. 20307 of 15 February 2018, all as amended from time to time; 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time (pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information 
on the Notes in the Republic of Italy); and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement 
which may be imposed from time to time by CONSOB, the Bank of Italy or any other Italian authority. 
Any investor purchasing the Notes in the offering is solely responsible for ensuring that any offer and resale of the 
Notes it purchased in the offering occurs in compliance with applicable laws and regulations. No person resident 
or located in the Republic of Italy other than the original addressees of this Base Prospectus may rely on this Base 
Prospectus, the Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Germany 
No action has been or will be taken in any jurisdiction by the Issuer or any Dealer that would permit an offer of 
the Namensschuldverschreibungen governed by German law (the "German law Notes") to the public, or

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material, in any country (including 
Germany) or jurisdiction where any further action for that purpose is required. 
This Base Prospectus has not been, and will not be, filed with and was not approved by the German Financial 
Supervisory Authority. 
In particular, the German law Notes may not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised in Germany other 
than in compliance with the provisions of the German Capital Investment Act (Vermögensanlagengesetz) 
exempting such offering, sale or public promotion from the requirement to publish a prospectus or any laws 
replacing the Vermögensanlagengesetz or any other laws applicable in Germany governing the issue, offering and 
sale of registered bonds (Namensschuldverschreibungen). 
The Issuer assumes no responsibility and makes no representation regarding the suitability of the German law 
Notes as an investment product for any investor. In particular, the Issuer assumes no responsibility for the 
eligibility of any German law Notes as investment for any Noteholder domiciled in Germany and subject to 
particular regulatory requirements with regard to its investments, including, without limitation, insurance 
companies, pension funds, credit institutions and investment funds. Unless explicitly stated otherwise in the terms 
and conditions of the German law Notes or the final terms of the German law Notes, no reference therein to 
particular German law regulatory requirements implies or may be construed to imply any representation or 
warranty by the Issuer as to the suitability of the relevant German Law Notes for the Noteholders.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1) 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF in France in its capacity as competent authority under 
the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market, as amended (the "Prospectus Regulation") and has received approval number 22-147 on 12 May 
2022.  
The AMF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus and 
investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application may be made during a period of twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus for 
Notes to be admitted to trading on Euronext Paris.  
This Base Prospectus shall be valid for the admission to trading of Notes on a Regulated Market and/or the 
offering of Notes to the public pursuant to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation 
until 11 May 2023, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation following the occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy 
relating to the information included (or incorporated by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect 
the assessment of an investment in the Notes. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
In accordance with Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation, request may also be made for the notification 
of a certificate of approval to any competent authority of any Member State of the EEA in order for Notes 
to be admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA or to be offered to the public pursuant 
to a non-exempt offer in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in France 
in connection with the update of the Programme. 
Any issuance of Notes under the Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations under 
French law, requires the prior authorisation of the Issuer Board of Directors, which may delegate its power 
to any other member of the Board, to the Chief Executive Officer, or with the latter's consent to any of the 
Deputy Executive Officers, or to any other person. 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer has authorised on 8 December 2021 the issue of Notes under the 
Programme for an amount of Euro €10,000,000,000 for 2022 and delegated to Philippe Jeanne, Chairman 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer, Roland Charbonnel, Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer and Jean-
Philippe Berthaut, Deputy Executive Officer of the Issuer, each acting separately the power to decide such 
issues.  
(3) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 969500T1UBNNTYVWOS04. 
(4) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021. 
(5) 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
(6) 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceeding which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), during the last twelve 
(12) months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
(7) 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business which 
could result in any member of the Network Guarantee System being under an obligation or entitlement that 
is material to the Issuer's ability to meet its obligation to holders of French law Notes. 
(8) 
In relation to any tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date 
of the Notes. 
(9) 
Application may be made for French law Notes to be accepted for clearance through Euroclear France (66, 
rue de la Victoire, 75009 Paris, France) and/or Euroclear (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles,

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Belgique) and Clearstream (42, avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg). The Common 
Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) Code and, as the case may be, the 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) Code and/or the Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) 
Code or the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of French law 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(10) 
The website of the Issuer is www.bpce.fr. The information on any website included in this Base Prospectus 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AMF, unless 
that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
(11) 
The Issuer's statutory auditors are: 
- 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit (63, rue de Villiers – 92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine – France) and 
- 
KPMG S.A. (Tour Eqho, 2, avenue Gambetta – 92066 Paris La Défense Cedex – France),  
both entities being regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes, duly authorized as 
commissaires aux comptes and registered with the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes 
de Versailles. 
The Issuer's statutory auditors have audited the non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the 
fiscal years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020. The Issuer does not produce consolidated 
financial statements. 
(12) 
The Issuer's specific controller is Cailliau Dedouit et Associés (19, rue Clément Marot – 75008 Paris –
France), represented by Laurent Brun.  
(13) 
The Notes issued under the Programme are expected on issue to be rated Aaa by Moody's France S.A.S. 
("Moody's") and AAA by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). The rating (if any) of Notes to be 
issued under the Programme will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
Each of Moody's and S&P is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit ratings agencies, as amended (the "CRA Regulation"). Each of S&P and Moody's is 
included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
on its website (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation as of the date of this Base Prospectus. 
(14) 
The Issuer does not intend to provide post-issuance transaction information regarding the French law Notes 
to be listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and the performance of the underlying 
collateral, except if required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
(15) 
Estimates of the weighted average lives of the Notes contained in this Base Prospectus (if any), together 
with any other projections, forecasts and estimates in this Base Prospectus are forward-looking statements. 
Such projections are speculative in nature and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions 
underlying the projections will not prove to be wholly correct or will vary from actual results. Consequently, 
the actual results might differ from the projections and such differences might be significant.  
(16) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of French law Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the stabilising manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the relevant Final Terms may over-allot French law Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the French law Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made 
and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the allotment of 
the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. 
(17) 
This Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto (if any) that may be published from time to time and, so 
long as Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market and/or offered to the public 
pursuant to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, 
and for at least ten years as from the Issue Date of such Notes the Final Terms relating to such Notes will 
be published on the websites of BPCE (www.bpce.fr) and of the AMF (www.amf-france.org). 
In addition, should the French law Notes be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market of the 
EEA other than Euronext Paris in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the Final Terms related to

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
those French law Notes will provide whether this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms will be 
published on the websites of (x) the relevant Regulated Market, and/or (y) the relevant competent authority. 
(18) 
So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection and obtainable, upon request and free of charge, during usual business hours on 
any Business Day, at the registered office of the Issuer (50, avenue Pierre Mendès France – 75201 Paris 
Cedex 13 – France) and, except for the documents referred to in sub-paragraph (b) below, on the website 
of BPCE (www.bpce.fr): 
(a) 
the up to date by-laws (statuts) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Paying Agency Agreement (which notably includes the form of the lettre comptable, Temporary 
Global Certificates, Definitive Materialised Notes, Coupons, Receipts, Talons and the terms and 
conditions of the German law Notes, all attached as schedules thereto); 
(c) 
the Final Terms for French law Notes that are admitted to trading on Euronext Paris or listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market of the EEA and/or offered to the public pursuant 
to a non-exempt offer in a Member State of the EEA; 
(d) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto that may be published from 
time to time or further Base Prospectus; 
(e) 
any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus; 
(f) 
the latest quarterly borrowing programme of the Issuer and the specific controller's certificate 
relating thereto which are usually delivered at the beginning of each quarter; 
(g) 
all reports, letters and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the 
Issuer's request any part of which is included or referred to in this Base Prospectus; and 
(h) 
the audited non-consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the two latest fiscal years. 
(19) 
Amounts payable under the Notes bearing floating rates of interest may be calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), EUR CMS, which is 
provided by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited ("ICE"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
EMMI and ICE appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) no. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council dated 8 June 2016, as amended (the "Benchmark Regulation"). 
As far as the Issuer is aware, €STR does not fall within the scope of the Benchmark Regulation by virtue 
of its Article 2, such that the administrators of €STR are not currently required to obtain authorization or 
registration. The relevant Final Terms in respect of an issue of Notes bearing floating rates of interest will 
specify the relevant Benchmark, the relevant Benchmark administrator and whether such administrator 
appears on the above-mentioned register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmark Regulation.  
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
(20) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction 
of the United States of America, subject to certain exceptions, and may not be offered or sold within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S"). The Notes may include 
Materialised Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, the Notes may not be offered or sold or, in the case of Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
delivered within the United States of America or, in the case of certain Materialised Notes in bearer form, 
to, or for the account or benefit of, United States persons as defined in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended. The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States of America to non-U.S. 
persons in offshore transactions in accordance with Regulation S. 
(21) 
The information contained on any website included in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
I declare, to the best of my knowledge, that the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
Executed in Paris, on 12 May 2022 
BPCE SFH 
50, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
Represented by: Jean-Philippe Berthaut, Deputy Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer (Directeur Général 
Délégué) 
 
 
 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the AMF, in its capacity as competent authority under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The AMF has approved this Base Prospectus after having verified that the 
information it contains is complete, coherent and comprehensible within the meaning of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129. 
This approval is not a favourable opinion on the Issuer and on the quality of the Notes described in this 
Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment of the opportunity to invest in such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved on 12 May 2022 and is valid until 11 May 2023 and shall, during 
this period and in accordance with the provisions of article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, be 
completed by a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of new material facts or substantial errors 
or inaccuracies. This Base Prospectus obtained the following approval number: n°22-147.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS 
€STR ....................................................................... 32, 58 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date ........................... 61 
€STR Index Cessation Event ......................................... 60 
€STRi-p ......................................................................... 58 
2011 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2012 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2013 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2014 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2015 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2016 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2017 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2018 Conditions ............................................................ 44 
2019 Conditions ............................................................ 45 
2020 Annual Financial Report ....................................... 44 
2020 Conditions ............................................................ 45 
2021 Annual Financial Report ....................................... 44 
2021 Conditions ............................................................ 45 
30/360............................................................................ 53 
30/360-FBF ................................................................... 53 
30E/360 ......................................................................... 53 
30E/360-FBF ................................................................. 54 
360/360.......................................................................... 53 
Account Bank Required Ratings ................................... 93 
Account Holder ............................................................. 49 
Accrual Period ............................................................... 53 
ACPR ............................................................................ 87 
Actual 30A/360 (American Bond Basis) ....................... 53 
Actual/360 ..................................................................... 53 
Actual/365 ..................................................................... 52 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ........................................................ 53 
Actual/365-FBF ............................................................. 52 
Actual/Actual-FBF ........................................................ 53 
Actual/Actual-ICMA ..................................................... 52 
Actual/Actual-ISDA ...................................................... 52 
Additional Borrower ............................................. 16, 104 
Additional Guarantor ............................................. 16, 104 
Adjustment Spread ........................................................ 62 
Administrative Agent .................................................... 91 
Administrator/Benchmark Event ................................... 63 
Alternative Rate ............................................................ 63 
AMF .................................................... 1, 13, 44, 117, 132 
Amortisation Yield ........................................................ 69 
Amortised Nominal Amount ......................................... 69 
Asset Contractual Documentation ................................. 99 
Asset Cover Test ................................................... 20, 110 
Asset Cover Test Date ........................................... 20, 110 
Asset Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) ........................... 112 
Asset Records ................................................................ 99 
Asset Report .................................................................. 99 
Asset Report Date.......................................................... 99 
Authorised Offeror ........................................................ 41 
Bail-in Tool ................................................................... 38 
Bank .............................................................................. 72 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ...................... 37 
Banking Act ................................................................ 153 
Base Prospectus ............................................... 1, 117, 132 
Benchmark .................................................................... 52 
Benchmark Modification or Cessation Event ................ 63 
Benchmark Regulation .................... 31, 63, 127, 143, 157 
Bond Basis .................................................................... 53 
Borrower Hedging Agreement(s) ................................ 112 
Borrower Hedging Transaction(s) ............................... 112 
Borrower Loan .............................................................. 15 
Borrowers .............................................................. 16, 104 
Borrrower Loan ....................................................... 48, 95 
BPCE ............................................................................ 48 
Breach of Asset Cover test ............................................ 97 
Breach of Asset Cover Test .................................. 21, 110 
Breach of Collection Loss Reserve Funding Requirement
 ................................................................................. 98 
Break Costs ................................................................... 95 
Broken Amount ............................................................. 55 
BRRD ........................................................................... 37 
Business Centre(s) ........................................................ 52 
business day .................................................................. 72 
Business Day................................................................. 52 
Calculation Agent ......................................................... 56 
Calculation Period ......................................................... 52 
Change of Interest Basis ............................................... 64 
Clearstream ......................................................... 1, 49, 86 
COBS .......................................................................... 131 
Collateral Directive ....................................................... 26 
Collateral Security .................................................. 15, 95 
Collateral Security Asset ............................................... 95 
Collateral Security Fee ................................................ 102 
Collection Loss Reserve Account ................................. 98 
Collection Loss Trigger Event ...................................... 98 
Collective Decisions ..................................................... 73 
Common Depositary ..................................................... 86 
Conditions ...................................................... 48, 117, 132 
CONSOB .................................................................... 153 
Couponholders .............................................................. 48 
Coupons ........................................................................ 48 
Covered Bond Directive................................. 2, 38, 79, 90 
Covered Bond Regulation ....................................... 39, 90 
CRA Regulation ................. 2, 14, 125, 126, 141, 142, 156 
Credit Facility ......................................................... 15, 95 
Credit Facility and Collateral Framework Agreement . 15, 
95 
d 58 
Day Count Fraction ....................................................... 52 
Dealer Agreement ....................................................... 150 
Dealers ............................................................................ 8 
Definitive Materialised Notes ................................. 49, 86 
Deloitte et Associés..................................................... 108 
Dematerialised Notes ................................................ 1, 49 
Determination Date ....................................................... 53 
Determination Period .................................................... 53 
distributor .........................................................6, 129, 130 
do 58 
ECB €STR Guideline .................................................... 58 
ECB Recommended Rate.............................................. 60 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Effective Date
 ................................................................................. 60 
ECB Recommended Rate Index Cessation Event ......... 60 
EDFR ............................................................................ 60 
EDFR Spread ................................................................ 60 
EEA ................................................. 1, 3, 13, 48, 115, 129 
Electronic Consent ........................................................ 74 
Eligible Asset .......................................................... 15, 96 
Eligible Hedging Provider .......................................... 113 
Eligible Projects ...................................................... 35, 77 
EMMI ......................................................................... 157 
EMTN Previous Conditions .......................................... 45 
Enforcement Proceeds ................................................ 100 
Enforcing Party ........................................................... 100 
EU Taxonomy ............................................................... 35 
Euribor .......................................................................... 57

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
Euro Zone ...................................................................... 54 
Eurobond Basis ............................................................. 53 
Euroclear ............................................................. 1, 49, 86 
EUWA ............................................. 5, 115, 129, 131, 151 
Exchange Date .............................................. 86, 124, 139 
Exercise Notice ............................................................. 68 
Existing Notes ..................................................... 118, 133 
Extended Final Maturity Date ....................................... 67 
FBF ............................................................................... 54 
FBF Definitions ............................................................. 54 
FBF Master Agreement ................................................. 54 
FBF Rate ....................................................................... 56 
FIEL ............................................................................ 151 
Final Terms ............................................... 1, 48, 117, 132 
Financial Centre(s) ........................................................ 72 
Financial Services Act ................................................. 153 
Fiscal Agent .................................................................. 48 
Fixed Coupon Amount .................................................. 55 
Fixed Rate ..................................................................... 30 
Fixed Rate Notes ........................................................... 50 
Fixed/Fixed Rate Notes ................................................. 50 
Fixed/Floating Rate ....................................................... 50 
Floating Rate ........................................................... 31, 56 
Floating Rate Determination Date ................................. 56 
Floating Rate Notes ....................................................... 50 
Floating/Floating Rate Notes ......................................... 50 
Framework .............................................................. 35, 77 
French law Notes ......................................................... 1, 8 
FSMA ...................................................... 5, 115, 129, 151 
FTT ................................................................................. 5 
General Meeting ............................................................ 74 
German law Notes ................................................... 1, 154 
German Law Notes .......................................................... 9 
Green Bonds ............................................................ 35, 77 
Group .............................................................. 17, 48, 104 
Group Enforcement Notice.......................................... 102 
Group Event of Default ......................................... 17, 101 
Guarantor Collection Account ....................................... 99 
Guarantors ............................................................. 16, 104 
Hedging Agreement(s) ................................................ 112 
Hedging Letter ............................................................ 111 
Hedging Required Rating ............................................ 113 
Hedging Strategy ......................................................... 111 
Hedging Transaction(s) ............................................... 112 
Hedging Trigger Event ................................................ 113 
Hire Act ......................................................................... 14 
holder of any Note ......................................................... 49 
Home Loan .................................................................... 96 
Home Loan Guarantee................................................... 96 
Home Loan Guarantor ................................................... 96 
Home Loan Receivable ................................................. 97 
Home Loan Receivables ................................................ 97 
Home Loan Security ...................................................... 96 
Home Loans Eligibility Criteria .................................... 96 
i 58 
ICE .............................................................................. 157 
Independent Member ..................................................... 88 
Insolvency Event ................................................... 18, 101 
Insurance Distribution Directive ..................................... 5 
Interest Accrual Period .................................................. 54 
Interest Amount ............................................................. 54 
Interest Commencement Date ....................................... 54 
Interest Determination Date .......................................... 54 
Interest Payment Date ................................................... 54 
Interest Period ............................................................... 54 
Interest Period Date ....................................................... 54 
Investor.......................................................................... 41 
Investor's Currency ........................................................ 39 
ISDA ............................................................................. 52 
ISDA Definitions .......................................................... 54 
ISDA Rate ..................................................................... 56 
Issuer ......................................................................... 1, 48 
Issuer Board of Directors .............................................. 87 
Issuer Hedging Agreement(s) ..................................... 112 
Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) .................................... 112 
Issuer's Assets ............................................................... 92 
Issuers' Regulation ...................................................... 153 
Law ............................................................................. 104 
Lender ..................................................................... 15, 95 
Lender Collection Account ......................................... 100 
Lender Margin ........................................................ 15, 95 
Market Interest Rate ...................................................... 30 
Masse ...................................................................... 12, 73 
Material Adverse Effect ................................................ 17 
Materialised Notes .................................................... 1, 49 
Maturity Extension Trigger Event ................................ 67 
Mazars ........................................................................ 108 
MiFID II....................... 1, 41, 49, 115, 129, 130, 140, 152 
MiFID Product Governance Rules .................................. 6 
Modified EDFR ............................................................ 61 
Moody's ....................................................... 1, 14, 34, 156 
Moody's Collection Loss Trigger Event ........................ 98 
Mortgage ....................................................................... 96 
MREL ........................................................................... 38 
Network Guarantee System .............................17, 48, 104 
Networks ..........................................................17, 49, 104 
ni 58 
Non-Approval Event ..................................................... 63 
Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test ................. 21 
Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test ................. 97 
Non-Compliance with the Asset Cover Test ............... 110 
Non-exempt Jurisdictions ........................................... 144 
Non-Exempt Offer ................................................ 41, 152 
Non-Exempt Offer Jurisdiction ..................................... 41 
Note Calculation Agent ........................................... 48, 56 
Note Issuer Hedging Transaction(s) ............................ 111 
Noteholder .................................................................... 49 
Notes ...................................................... 1, 8, 48, 117, 132 
Obligors ........................................................................ 16 
Obligors ...................................................................... 104 
Obligors' Agent ............................................................. 17 
Observation Look-Back Period ..................................... 58 
Observation Period........................................................ 59 
Offer Period .......................................................... 41, 144 
Original Borrower ................................................. 16, 104 
Original Guarantor ................................................ 16, 104 
Original Reference Rate ................................................ 64 
outstanding .................................................................... 49 
p 58 
Paying Agency Agreement ........................................... 48 
Paying Agents ............................................................... 48 
Permanent Dealer ............................................................ 8 
Post-Enforcement Calculation Date .............................. 99 
Pre-Enforcement Currency Hedging Transaction(s) ... 111 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit ................................... 108 
PRIIPs Regulation ............................................5, 115, 129 
Principal Paying Agent ................................................. 48 
Privilège ................................................................ 1, 8, 51 
Programme .................................................................. 1, 8 
Programme Documents ................................................... 9 
Prospectus ............................................................. 41, 132 
Prospectus Regulation ..... 1, 13, 41, 47, 82, 115, 117, 118, 
129, 132, 133, 152 
Rate of Interest .............................................................. 55 
Rating Agencies .................................................. 1, 14, 34 
Rating Confirmation ..................................................... 16 
Receiptholdes ................................................................ 48

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Receipts ......................................................................... 48 
Recent Hedging Fixed Rate ......................................... 113 
Reference Banks ............................................................ 55 
Registration Agent......................................................... 49 
Regulated Market ................................................ 1, 13, 49 
Regulation S .................................................. 14, 150, 157 
Rejection Event ............................................................. 64 
Relevant Date ................................................................ 55 
Relevant Nominating Body ........................................... 64 
Relevant Rate ................................................................ 55 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent .............................. 62 
Relevant Screen Page .................................................... 55 
Relevant Screen Page Time ........................................... 55 
Relevant State .............................................................. 152 
Remitted Assets ............................................................. 92 
Replacement Relevant Rate ........................................... 62 
Representative ............................................................... 73 
Resolution Authority ..................................................... 38 
Rules ............................................................................. 41 
S&P ............................................................. 1, 14, 34, 156 
S&P Collection Loss Trigger Event .............................. 98 
S&P Initial Required Rating ........................................ 114 
S&P Replacement Option 1......................................... 114 
S&P Replacement Option 2......................................... 114 
S&P Replacement Option 3......................................... 114 
S&P Replacement Option 4......................................... 114 
S&P Subsequent Required Rating ............................... 114 
Secured Liabilities ......................................................... 15 
Securities Act ...................................................... 150, 157 
Selection Date ............................................................... 96 
Series ..................................................................... 48, 111 
Servicing Procedure ...................................................... 98 
Social Bonds............................................................ 35, 77 
Soft Bullet Notes ........................................................... 66 
Specified Currency .................................................. 39, 55 
Specified Denomination(s) ........................................... 50 
SRB ............................................................................... 38 
SRM Regulation ........................................................... 37 
Stabilising Manager(s) ................................................ 156 
Subsidiary ..................................................................... 97 
Substitute Servicer ................................................ 98, 100 
Substitution Assets ........................................................ 93 
Successor Rate .............................................................. 64 
Supplement ................................................................... 47 
Suspension/Withdrawal Event ...................................... 64 
Switch Date ................................................................... 64 
Talons ........................................................................... 48 
TARGET Business Day ................................................ 52 
TARGET System .......................................................... 52 
Taxonomy Regulation ................................................... 35 
TEFRA .......................................................................... 14 
TEFRA C Rules ............................................................ 14 
TEFRA D Rules ............................................................ 14 
Temporary Global Certificate ................................... 1, 86 
Terms and Conditions of the Non-Exempt Offer .......... 42 
The Obligors' Agent ...................................................... 14 
Tranche ......................................................................... 48 
Transaction ................................................................... 57 
Transferred Assets .................................................. 28, 93 
UK ...................................................................3, 115, 129 
UK CRA Regulation ........................................... 125, 141 
UK MiFIR .................................................... 116, 130, 131 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules ........................... 6 
UK PRIIPs Regulation ........................................ 115, 129 
UK PRIIPS Regulation ................................................... 5 
Utilisation ............................................................. 21, 110 
Utilisation Date ..................................................... 21, 110 
Website of the European Central Bank ......................... 59 
Written Unanimous Decision ........................................ 74 
Zero Coupon Notes ....................................................... 50

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Issuer  
BPCE SFH 
50, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
Arranger and Permanent Dealer 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès-France  
75013 Paris 
France 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Paying Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Les Grands Moulins de Pantin 
9, rue du Débarcadère 
France 
 
 
Auditors to the Issuer  
KPMG S.A 
2, avenue Gambetta  
92066 Paris La Défense Cedex 
France 
Represented by Marie-Christine Jolys 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Audit 
63, rue de Villiers 
92208 Neuilly-sur-Seine 
France 
Represented by Nicolas Montillot 
 
 
 
Specific Controller to the Issuer 
Cailliau Dedouit et Associés 
19, rue Clément Marot 
75008 Paris 
France 
Represented by Laurent Brun 
 
 
Legal Advisers to the Arranger and Permanent Dealer as to French law 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France