--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 18 December 2020 
 
 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
 
The € 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been established by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, the “Parent Bank” or the “Issuer”) for the issuance of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) (the “Covered Bonds”, which term includes, for the avoidance 
of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed by Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Article 7-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 130, 
as implemented and supplemented (“Law 130”) and the relevant implementing measures set out in the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, as amended and supplemented 
(the “MEF Decree”) and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations” and, together with the Law 130 and the MEF Decree, jointly the “OBG Regulations”). The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds 
outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed € 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor. and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save 
for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf in accordance with Law 
130. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority (the “Competent Authority”) under Article 31 of 
the Regulation 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public and admitted to trading on a regulated market, 
and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Covered Bonds that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg 
Prospectus Law (loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières) provides that, by approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF 
does not engage in any economic or financial opportunity of the operations or activities or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Application has been made to list Covered Bonds on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to trade the Covered Bonds on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purposes of the Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 2014 on markets in financial 
instruments and amending Directive 2002/92/EC and Directive 2011/61/U (as amended, “MiFID II”). References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean 
that such Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, the Issuer 
and each relevant Dealer named under the section “Subscription and Sale” below may agree to make an application to list a Series or Tranche on any other stock exchange. The Programme also permits Covered 
Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. The relevant Final Terms (as defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) in respect of the issue of any Series will specify whether or not 
such Series will be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 
(or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually 
or annually as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrear at a fixed or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest accruing 
and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are listed, to be 
delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions of 
the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will specify the minimum denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in bearer form and dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be held in such form on behalf of their ultimate 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes 
any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression “Relevant Clearing Systems” means any of Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (“Euroclear”). Each Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as 
defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below). The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds 
will be evidenced by book entries in accordance with article 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations 
and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy, regarding post-trading systems, dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title is and will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds). 
Before the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Covered Bond may be assigned on issue a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s” or the “Rating Agency”). Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme, if rated, are expected to be rated “Aa3” by Moody’s, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. Where a Tranche or Series of Covered 
Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
from time to time (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or in the Registered CB Conditions (as applicable). The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have 
been issued by Moody’s, which is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation 
published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for more information please visit the ESMA webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated independently of any other. 
Amounts payable as intererest amounts under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR and EURIBOR or such other Reference Rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the 
date of this Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR) is included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks 
Regulation”). As at the date of this Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”). EMMI is authorised as benchmark administrator and included on 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmark 
Regulation”). The regulatory status of any administrator under the Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public record and save as required by the applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to provide any updates 
or prepare any supplement to reflect any changes in the regulatory status of any administrator.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
An investment in Covered Bond issued under the Programme involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risk and other factors described under the section headed “Risk 
Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Arranger 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
 
Initial Dealer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect the import of such 
information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and any 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the 
“Responsible Persons”), accepts responsibility for the information contained in those sections. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Guarantor (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information and 
data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and do not contain 
any omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to art. 154- bis, 
para. 2 of the Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, declares 
in accordance with art. 154-bis, para. 2., of the Financial Law, that the accounting data contained in this Base 
Prospectus corresponds to the underlying documents, accounting books and the other accounting entries of the 
Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with all 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, 
below). Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus, any supplements, the relevant Final Terms and the 
documents incorporated by reference. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus (and, 
therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the persons 
named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the 
Primary Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu).  
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the section 
headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the specific section 
of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For ease of reference, the section headed “Glossary” below 
indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term is defined. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the 
Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been 
authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or any party to the Transaction Documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or 
the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information

--- Page 4 ---
4 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of approval and it and any supplement hereto, as 
well as any Final Terms filed within these 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. The 
offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information contained 
in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which 
it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Arranger accept any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or 
purported to be made by the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or a Dealer or on its behalf 
in connection with the Issuer, the Guarantor, or the issue and offering of the Covered Bonds. The Arranger, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether 
arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this 
Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has independently 
verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, expressed or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Arranger, the Dealers and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or any of them as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer and the Guarantor in connection with the 
Covered Bonds or their distribution. 
None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express or implied, nor accepts any responsibility, 
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation 
and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
financial statements should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should 
determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered 
Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or 
the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor 
or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to 
inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from industry 
reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is hereby 
confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such information 
has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Responsible Persons are aware and are able to ascertain 
from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the information 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see the section 
headed “Selling Restrictions” below. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered 
under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and include Covered Bonds in bearer form 
that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered,

--- Page 5 ---
5 
sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, 
including the United Kingdom, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in Japan. For a 
description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes 
an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which 
such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to restrict 
the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection 
therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions 
in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at 
the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$ ” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the United 
States of America; references to “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland; references to “Yen” are to the currency 
of Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references to “Italy” are 
to the Republic of Italy; references to “UK” are to the United Kingdom; references to “EEA” are to the European 
Economic Area; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of 
Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law. 
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be responsible 
to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger or for providing 
advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, 
if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS 
 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and 
UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, 
with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of:

--- Page 6 ---
6 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive 2016/97/EU, as amended or superseded (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in 
the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK, 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA or the UK but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the 
UK which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) the Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered 
Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Each potential investor in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to investors’ overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds 
will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
MiFID II product governance / target market 
The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for 
distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate and may outline further details in connection therewith. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “Distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bond is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective Affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements". All statements other than statements of historical fact 
included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial position, 
business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Such 
forward- looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause 
the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer, or industry results, to be materially different from 
any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such 
forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Issuer's present and future business 
strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the future. Important factors that could cause the 
Issuer's actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those in the forward-looking 
statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled "Risk Factors". These forward-
looking statements speak only as at the date of this Base Prospectus or as at such earlier date at which such 
statements are expressed to be given. Subject to any continuing disclosure obligation under applicable law 
(including, without limitation, the obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation), the Issuer expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly 
any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's 
expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement 
is based.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS  
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ...................................................................................................... 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .......................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................... 55 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ........................................................................ 89 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................ 96 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM ................................................................................................................... 97 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER .............................................................. 98 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ................................................................................... 142 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES .................. 144 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ...................................................................................................................... 149 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS.................................................................................................... 158 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ............................................................. 163 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ..................................................................................... 186 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................... 196 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ................................. 241 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................ 265 
KEY 
FEATURES 
OF 
REGISTERED 
COVERED 
BONDS 
(NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) ...................................................................................................................... 275 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ................................................................................... 277 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ........................................................................................................... 285 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................ 288 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................. 293 
GLOSSARY ........................................................................................................................................ 297

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section must be read as an introduction to this Base Prospectus and as such the following section does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to 
the terms and conditions of any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds 
should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment 
decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered Condition are to the 
corresponding numbered Condition in the section headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
(a) 
Parties 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna, Società Cooperativa), a bank incorporated as a joint-
stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, fiscal code, VAT number and number of 
registration with the companies’ register of Modena, No. 
01153230360, registered with the register of banks (albo delle 
banche) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Banking Act under number 4932, parent company of the 
“Gruppo Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna” registered with 
the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to article 64 of the Banking Act under number 5387.6 (the 
“BPER Banking Group” or the “Group” or the “BPER 
Group”), having its registered office at Via San Carlo, 8/20, 
41121 Modena, Italy (the “Issuer”, the “Parent Bank” or 
“BPER”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see the section 
headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Guarantor 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in 
Italy as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitatà) pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 
1999, as amended from time to time ( “Law 130”), whose 
registered office is in Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano 
(TV), Italy, corporate capital equal to Euro 10,000.00 fully paid-
in, fiscal code, VAT number and number of registration with the 
Companies Register of Treviso - Belluno, under No. 
04730160266, belonging to the BPER Banking Group and 
directed and co-ordinated (soggetta all’attività di direzione e 
coordinamento) by BPER Banca S.p.A. (the “Guarantor”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see the section 
headed “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Arranger 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at 
Via Alfieri 1, 31015, Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the Companies Register of Treviso number 
04040580963, enrolled under number 5580 in the register of 
banks held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of the 
Banking Act (“Banca Finint”), in its capacities as arranger(the 
“Arranger”).  
Dealer 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, Banca Finint will act as 
initial dealer (in such capacity, the Initial Dealer, and together

--- Page 10 ---
10 
with any other dealer appointed from time to time in accordance 
with the Programme Agreement, the Dealers and each of them 
a Dealer, as the context requires). 
Initial Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (in such capacity, the “Initial Seller” and, together 
with the Additional Sellers (as defined below), the “Sellers”). 
For a more detailed description of the Initial Seller, see the 
section headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”, 
below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and 
which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(a) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (each an “Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master 
Transfer 
Agreement, 
the 
“Master 
Transfer 
Agreements” and any one of them a “Master Transfer 
Agreement”); and 
(b) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider (in such capacity, 
the “Subordinated Loan Provider”) pursuant to the terms of 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).  
Any Additional Seller that will sell further Subsequent 
Portfolios (as defined below) to the Guarantor will be required 
to enter into a subordinated loan agreement with the Guarantor 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms 
and conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
(each such agreement, an “Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
Servicer 
BPER will act as servicer (the “Servicer”) in the context of the 
Programme and will be responsible for the management and the 
collection of the Receivables (as defined below) respectively 
sold from time to time to the Guarantor, pursuant to the terms of 
the Servicing Agreement.  
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, is entitled to delegate to the 
relevant Additional Seller the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities in respect of those Receivables 
sold by such relevant Additional Seller.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, will remain directly 
responsible for the performance of all duties and obligations 
delegated to any relevant Additional Seller and will be liable for 
their respective conduct. For a more detailed description of the 
Servicer, see the section headed “Description of the Issuer and 
Initial Seller” below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the “Successor Servicer”) which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing entity 
thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination 
Event (as defined below) (for a more detailed description, see 
the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents 
– Servicing Agreement” below). 
Corporate Servicer 
Pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement, Banca Finint 
will act as corporate servicer (the “Corporate Servicer”). 
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will 
be appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by 
the Issuer, and which will act as an independent monitor 
pursuant to an Asset Monitor Agreement in order to perform 
tests and procedures, including those in accordance with the 
applicable legal regulations. The current Asset Monitor is PwC 
(the “Asset Monitor”). 
Italian Account Bank 
Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of United States of America, having its registered office at 
701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A., 
acting through its Milan branch, enrolment in the companies’ 
register of Milan number 600769, registered with the register of 
banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 64 
of the Banking Act under number 4630, having its registered 
office at Via dei Mercanti, 12, 20121 Milan, Italy (Citibank 
N.A., Milan Branch) will act as Italian account bank pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “Italian 
Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and operating 
the Italian Accounts for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible 
Institution. 
Cash Manager 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch, a bank incorporated under the 
laws of United States of America, having its registered office at 
701 East 60th Street North, Sioux Falls, South Dakota, U.S.A. 
whose registered office is at Citigroup Centre, Canada Square, 
Canary Wharf, London E14 5LB, operating for the purposes 
hereof through its London Branch (registered branch number: 
BR001018) (Citibank N.A., London Branch) will act as cash 
manager under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
for the purpose of performing certain calculation and payment 
services on behalf of the Guarantor and maintaining and 
operating – upon direction of the Investment Agent – the English 
Investment Account and the English Securities Account subject 
to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Cash Manager”).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
English Account Bank 
Citibank N.A., London Branch will act as English account bank 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the 
“English Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and 
operating the English Accounts for so long as it qualifies as an 
Eligible Institution. 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as Investment Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Investment 
Agent”) for the purpose of investing the amounts from time to 
time standing to the credit of the English Investment Account. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
will act as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”). The 
Calculation Agent will perform certain calculations and conduct 
certain tests pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
Banca Finint will act as Guarantor calculation agent (the 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent”). The Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will perform certain calculations and reporting services 
in relation to the Cover Pool. 
Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap counterparty 
(each a “Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty”) to the 
Guarantor under any swap agreements executed with the 
Guarantor in order to hedge basis and interest rate risk on the 
Cover Pool or a portion thereof (each, a “Mortgage Pool 
Swap”). 
Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as covered bond 
swap 
counterparty 
(each, 
a 
“Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under any covered bond swap 
agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge 
certain interest rate, basis risk, and, if applicable, currency risks 
in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the 
Mortgage Pool Swap and amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Covered Bonds by the Guarantor (each, a “Covered Bond 
Swap”). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty (the “Swap Counterparties”). 
Swap Agreements 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap (the 
“Swap Agreements”), which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and 
(ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively, is or 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”). 
Primary Paying Agent 
BPER will act as primary paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions

--- Page 13 ---
13 
and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
(the “Primary Paying Agent”). 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
Citibank N.A., Milan Branch will act as subsequent paying 
agent under the Programme pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “Subsequent 
Paying Agent”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA, whose registered 
office is at 69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F, L-2953 
Luxembourg, will act as Luxembourg listing agent under the 
Programme (the “Luxembourg Listing Agent”). 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
registrar (the “Registrar”) in respect of the German law 
governed covered bonds in registered form (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) issued 
under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the 
Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, if any (the “Registered Paying Agent”).  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as representative of the holders of the 
covered bonds pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”). 
Ownership or control 
relationships between the 
principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this section, other than the 
relationship existing between the Issuer (also as Initial Seller, 
Servicer, Subordinated Loan Provider, Primary Paying Agent, 
Calculation Agent and Investment Agent), the Additional 
Seller(s) (if any) and the Guarantor, all of which belong to the 
BPER Banking Group. The entities belonging to the BPER 
Banking Group are subject to the direction and co-ordination 
(direzione e coordinamento) of the Issuer. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), or its 
successors, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides 
ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds (the 
“Rating Agency”).  
 
(b) 
The Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the 
Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Size 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange

--- Page 14 ---
14 
rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate 
principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time 
(the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered 
Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions. 
Methods of issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of 
such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will be identical in all 
respects, 
but 
having 
different 
issue 
dates, 
interest 
commencement dates and issue prices. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds may be issued only in Series 
consisting of a single Tranche.  
 
The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to 
certain conditions (see the paragraph headed “Conditions 
precedent to the issuance of a new Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds” below). 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Republic 
of Ireland, France, Germany, the Republic of Italy and Japan. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see 
the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies as 
may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
(each a “Specified Currency”), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the minimum 
denomination requirements specified below, the Covered 
Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in 
such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or 
regulatory or central bank requirements (see Condition 3 
(Form, Denomination and Title)). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 and integral

--- Page 15 ---
15 
multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or, if the Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
denomination as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche may be issued at their 
nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal 
amount as specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, 
the “Issue Price” for such Series or Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Programme Agreement 
(in each case, the “Issue Date” in relation to such Series or 
Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
subject in each case, to the extent provided in the relevant Final 
Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the applicable 
Business Day Convention (as defined in the Conditions) (each 
such date, a “CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date) (each a “CB Interest Period”). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue 
Date of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds or such 
other date as may be specified as the Interest Commencement 
Date in the relevant Final Terms (each an “Interest 
Commencement Date”). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in 
registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Series or Tranche 
will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date 
in accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through 
the authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of the 
Financial Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in 
dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form 
and title to such Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of 
the Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation, regarding post-
trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the 
form of Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with a 
minimum denomination indicated in the applicable Registered 
CB Conditions attached thereto, together with the execution of 
the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation 
agreement (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) in relation 
to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB 
Conditions attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in 
the Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, 
stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement 
relating thereto or any other document expressed to govern such 
Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be 
construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB 
Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement and Registered CB Rules 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include 
reference to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered 
Bond (the “Registered Covered Bondholders”) as the context 
may require. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to Covered 
Bonds shall include reference to the Registered Covered Bonds. 
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed “Key features of Registered Covered Bonds 
Namensschuld verschreibungen” below. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 
depending on the interest basis shown in the applicable Final

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds scheduled 
to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and Instalment 
Covered Bonds, depending on the redemption/payment basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall 
comprise Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only as 
may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be payable in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for 
in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. 
and as amended and updated as at the Issuer Date of the 
first Tranche of Covered Bonds); or 
 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s), 
 
in each case, as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds and as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided for 
in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Under Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, no interest will be payable. Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are scheduled to 
be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof and without 
any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the 
Maturity Date and in relation to which an Extended Maturity 
Date shall apply. 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer will 
pay, on each CB Payment Date, a portion of principal until 
maturity, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance 
with the generally applicable terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, other than the Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Conditions”), prior to the issue of each Series or Tranche 
detailing certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes 
of that Series or Tranche only, completes the Conditions and 
must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (such 
specific final terms, the “Final Terms”). The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series or Tranche are the 
Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Registered Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
particular Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest 
will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the 
Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other 
basis and at such rate as may be so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and the method of calculating interest may vary between 
the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the relevant Series or 
Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of Covered Bonds that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed. 
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered 
Bonds will state whether such Covered Bonds may be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) and/or the holders of the Covered Bonds 
and, if so, the terms applicable to such redemption.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Except as provided above, Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons 
(as set out in the paragraph headed “Tax gross-up and 
redemption for taxation reasons” below).  
Tax Gross-up and redemption 
for taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted in accordance with the provision 
of Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). In such 
circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in 
part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 8(c) (Redemption 
for tax reasons). 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as 
defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series (the “Maturity Date”) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously 
redeemed as provided in Condition 8 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed 
at their Outstanding Principal Balance on the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
Extended Maturity Date and 
Pass Through Series 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will also provide that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts (as 
defined below) equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) of the applicable Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds on their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the 
Conditions and the relevant Final Terms for the period set out 
therein (the “Extended Maturity Date”). Such deferral will 
automatically occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if: 
 
(A) 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds (each such 
Series, a “Pass Through Series”): 
 
(a) 
a Notice to Pay has been delivered, the Issuer 
having failed to pay in full any amount 
representing 
the 
Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding to the amount due (subject to the 
applicable grace period) in respect of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds as set out in the relevant 
Final Terms (the “Final Redemption Amount”)

--- Page 20 ---
20 
on the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered 
Bons and; 
 
(b) 
the Guarantor determines on the Extension 
Determination Date that it has insufficient funds 
to pay the Final Redemption Amount in respect 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; and 
 
(B) 
in respect to all Series of Covered Bonds, which all 
become Pass Through Series if at any time a Notice to 
Pay has been delivered (and, in case of a Notice to Pay 
delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice is served. 
 
Payment of all unpaid amounts shall be deferred automatically 
until the applicable Extended Maturity Date, provided that any 
amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid on the Maturity Date in respect of the relevant 
Pass Through Series may be paid in full or in part, in accordance 
with the Notice to Pay, by the Guarantor on any relevant 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date starting from the Extension 
Determination Date, up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date for such Pass Through Series. 
 
The Guarantor will be obliged to (A) apply on each Guarantor 
payment Date any Availble Funds towards redemption in full 
or in part of all Pass Through Series in accordance with the 
Priority of Payments; and (B) use its best effort to sell, in 
accordance with the priviosions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, Selected Assets, on a semi-annual 
basis. 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, failure by the Guarantor to sell 
Selected Assets in the Portfolio in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement shall not constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended 
as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon 
termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered 
Bonds in respect of which an Extension of Maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for 
payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven 
Business Days after the expiry of the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities of 
each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) 
at least equally with all other present and future unsecured, 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same 
maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from time to time 
outstanding. 
Negative pledge 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross-default 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including, without limitation, in 
relation to other debt securities of the Issuer) nor an acceleration 
of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
Recourse 
In accordance with Law 130 and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the 
“MEF Decree”) and with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below), the holders 
of the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) will 
benefit from full recourse on the Issuer and limited recourse on 
the Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. For a more 
detailed description, see the section headed “Credit Structure”, 
below. 
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each 
Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each 
of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a 
signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the 
issuance of a new Series or 
Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any 
date and without the consent of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors of the 
Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further Series or Tranches of 
Covered Bonds, subject to certain conditions precedent set out 
in the Programme Agreement, including, inter alia: 
 
(a) 
satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) both before 
and immediately after such further issue of Covered 
Bonds; and 
 
(b) 
compliance with the requirements of issuing/assigning 
banks (Requisiti delle banche emittenti e/o cedenti; see 
Section II, paragraph 1 of the supervisory guidelines of

--- Page 22 ---
22 
the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 
285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, amended and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time 
(the 
“BoI 
Regulations”)); and 
 
(c) 
no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred (collectively, together with the other 
conditions set out in the Programme Agreement, the 
“Conditions to the Issue”).  
 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the 
assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) (see also 
the paragraph headed “Status of the Covered Bonds”, above). 
Approval, listing and admission 
to trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the 
Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor 
admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Estimate of the total expenses related to the admission to trading 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Registered 
Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on 
any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms). 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
and the related Transaction Documents will be governed by 
Italian law except for the Swap Agreements and the English 
Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, which will be governed 
by English law.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
The 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany save that, in any case, certain provisions 
(including those relating to status, limited recourse of the 
Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer and 
the Portfolio) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by Moody’s as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, 
are expected to be rated Aa3 by Moody’s or as otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Where a Series of Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating 
will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the 
Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a rating in 
relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be 
treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union or in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant 
Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s, which is 
established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published 
on the website of ESMA pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for 
more 
information 
please 
visit 
the 
ESMA 
webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk).  
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the 
Rating Agency at any time. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds 
by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the Available 
Funds. 
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool may consist of:  
 
(A) 
monetary receivables arising from Italian residential and 
commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) 
and (b) of the MEF Decree (the “Mortgage Loans”); and  
 
(B) 
securities satisfying the requirements set forth under 
article 2, paragraph 1, lett. c), of the MEF Decree (the

--- Page 24 ---
24 
“Public Securities”) (the Mortgage Loans and the Public 
Securities are jointly referred to as the “Eligible Assets”); 
 
(C) 
assets mentioned in Article 2, paragraph 3, point 2 and 3, 
of the MEF Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks 
residing in Eligible States and (ii) securities issued by 
banks residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not 
greater than one year, which, according to the MEF 
Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 
15% of the Portfolio (collectively, the “Integration 
Assets”) (the monetary receivables arising under the 
Mortgage Loans transferred by the Initial Seller to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (the “Initial Receivables”). The Initial 
Receivables, the other Eligible Assets and the Integration 
Assets are jointly referred to as the “Cover Pool”). 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts (as defined below) in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
(as defined herein). 
 
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a consequence 
of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of 
the Guaranteed Amounts are subject to the conditions that an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to Pay has been 
served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The obligations of the 
Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all Guaranteed Amounts 
once a Guarantor Default Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and 
certain provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the 
MEF Decree, shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with 
limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
For a detailed description, see the section headed “Description of 
the Transaction Documents - Covered Bond Guarantee” below.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
(d) 
Issuer Events of Default, Breach of Amortisation Test, Guarantor Events of Default and Priorities 
of Payments 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
“Issuer Events of Default”: 
 
(a) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days to 
pay any principal amount, or for a period of 14 Business 
Days in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds 
of any Series when due; or 
 
(b) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) 
if, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice (as 
defined below), the Tests are not cured by the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date unless 
an Extraordinary Resolution resolves otherwise; or 
 
(d) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
 
(e) 
an Article 74 Event. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written notice 
(the “Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that 
an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (specifying, in case of an 
Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event of Default may be 
temporary). 
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided 
that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in 
accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF 
Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of 
the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall be 
solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of

--- Page 26 ---
26 
the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and 
(C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred 
to under point (e) above (I) the Guarantor, in 
accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the 
suspension period and (II) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible 
for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be 
deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
 
(ii) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts 
on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered 
Bond 
Guarantee 
(see 
the 
section 
headed 
“Description of the Transaction - Covered Bond 
Guarantee” below); 
 
(iii) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined below) shall 
continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test 
(as defined below) shall be also applied; 
 
(iv) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have 
sufficient funds to pay principal on a Series of 
Covered Bonds, such Series shall become a Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 8(b). 
 
(v) 
the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to 
effect timely due payments under the Covered 
Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(vi) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued, 
 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in 
items from (i) to (vi) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect.  
 
“Calculation Date” means the 20th day of January, April, July 
and October or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate 
following Business Day. The first Calculation Date will fall on 
20th of January 2016. 
 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any bank, company or 
corporation, that: 
 
(a) 
such bank, company or corporation has become subject to 
any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, 
insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, 
without limitation, fallimento, liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa, 
concordato 
preventivo 
and 
amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression 
bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the

--- Page 27 ---
27 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution 
and 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a distraint 
(pignoramento) or any procedure having a similar effect 
(other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of 
assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of 
further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of legal 
advisers selected by it), such proceedings are being 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under (a) above is made in respect of or by 
such bank, company or corporation or such proceedings 
are otherwise initiated against such bank, company or 
corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(c) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a 
re-adjustment of deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other 
than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the 
Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent 
court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies 
for suspension of payments; or 
 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of 
such bank, company or corporation or any of the events 
under Article 2448 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with 
respect to such bank, company or corporation (except in 
any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the 
purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); or 
 
(e) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to 
any proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above 
under the law of any jurisdiction in which such bank, 
company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Breach of Amortistion Test 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor:

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
(i) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall 
become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds 
and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments; 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best 
effort to sell Receivables and/or the Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the following events shall constitute 
“Guarantor Events of Default”: 
 
(a) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available 
Funds for such purpose in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments, for a period of seven days to pay 
any principal amount, or for a period of 14 days in the 
payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any 
Series; or 
 
(b) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under 
the provisions of any Transaction Documents to which the 
Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) 
and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default 
is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying 
that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written notice 
on the Guarantor (the “Guarantor Default Notice”) declaring 
that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
 
Upon the service of the Guarantor Default Notice, all outstanding 
Covered Bonds of each Series will become immediately due and 
payable by the Guarantor at their Early Redemption Amount, 
together with any accrued interest, and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Cross-acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each outstanding 
Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate 
at the same time against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a Notice 
to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds, as 
calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to 
make payments or provisions in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any and all taxes 
due and payable by the Guarantor (to the extent 
that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account are insufficient to pay such amounts) and 
to credit the amounts necessary to replenish the 
Expenses Account up to the Expense Required 
Amount; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any Guarantor’s 
documented fees, costs and expenses, in order to 
preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in 
good standing and to comply with applicable 
legislation (the “Expenses”), to the extent that 
amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account are insufficient to pay such Expenses; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable (including fees, costs and expenses) to 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the English Account Bank, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Registered Paying 
Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the 
Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying 
Agent, the Investment Agent and the Servicer; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any amount 
due and payable to the Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties 
other 
than 
any 
termination 
payment due to the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap to the extent of any premium 
received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by 
the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a

--- Page 30 ---
30 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap; 
 
(v) 
fifth, pari passu and pro rata: 
 
(A) 
 
to pay, pari passu and pro rata, (i) 
any amount due and payable to the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, in respect of the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements which 
are not currency swaps and (ii) any amount 
representing interest due and payable to the 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties on 
such Guarantor Payment Date under the 
Covered Bond Swap Agreements which 
are currency swaps (other than any 
termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is not a currency swap, to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor 
(if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor 
from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap); 
 
(B) 
to credit to the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account an amount required to ensure that 
the Italian Cash Reserve Account is funded 
up to the Required Reserve Amount, as 
calculated on the immediately preceding 
Calculation Date; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any amount 
necessary to cover the amounts already paid under 
item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments on any preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid under 
this item on any previous Guarantor Payment 
Date;

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
(vii) 
seventh, to pay, pro rata and pari passu in 
accordance with the respective amounts thereof, 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iv) and (v)(A) 
above; 
 
(viii) eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event, to credit all remaining Interest 
Available Funds to the Italian Collection Account 
until such Servicer Termination Event is either 
remedied or waived by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders or a replacement servicer is 
appointed; 
 
(ix) 
ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari 
passu, according to the respective amounts 
thereof, of (i) all amounts due and payable to the 
relevant Seller in respect of Seller’s Claims (if 
any) under the terms of the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; 
 
(x) 
tenth, to pay any interest due and payable to the 
Seller(s) pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement(s), provided that the Tests are 
satisfied on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
and  
 
(xi) 
eleventh, to retain any remaining amounts to the 
credit of the Italian Collection Account provided 
that, upon redemption in full or cancellation of all 
outstanding Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds, any remaining amounts shall be 
paid to the Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as 
interest not yet paid under item (x) above, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment”).  
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period fall 
within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item 
(v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on each

--- Page 32 ---
32 
Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Italian 
Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds 
and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the 28th day of January, April, July and 
October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following 
Business Day or (b) following the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the Due for Payment Date. 
 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
 
“Sellers’ Claims” means, collectively, the monetary claims that 
each relevant Seller may have from time to time against the 
Guarantor under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement (other 
than in respect of the purchase price of the relevant Receivables) 
and the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a Notice 
to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds, as 
calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to 
make payments or provisions in the order of priority set out 
below (in each case only if and to the extent that payments of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under 
items (i) to (v) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments, to the extent that the 
Interest Available Funds are not sufficient, on such 
Guarantor Payment Date, to make such payments 
in full; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay the purchase price of Subsequent 
Receivables (other than those funded through the 
proceeds of the Subordinated Loan(s)) in the 
context of a Revolving Assignment or an 
Integration Assignment (both of them as defined 
below), as the case may be; 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
 
(A) 
 
any amount representing principal 
due and payable to the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties in respect of 
Covered Bonds Swaps which are currency 
swaps (if any) in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Agreement (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties 
following 
the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but 
including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties 
in 
relation 
to 
the

--- Page 33 ---
33 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor 
(if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor 
from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same 
terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
which is a currency swap); and 
 
(B) 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due 
and payable under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s), provided that in any case the 
Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory 
Tests are still satisfied after such payment; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in 
accordance with the respective amounts thereof 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Covered Bond Swaps which are 
currency swaps following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger other than the payments referred to 
under items (iii)(A) above; and 
 
(v) 
fifth, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit 
of the Italian Collection Account, provided that, 
upon reimbursement of all outstanding Pass 
Through Series and Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid pari passu to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as amounts due 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and 
not yet paid under item (iii)(B) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period fall 
within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item 
(v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on each 
Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Italian 
Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds

--- Page 34 ---
34 
and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(A) 
any interest component collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables and credited into the Italian 
Collection Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the tItalian Collection 
Account from the Interest Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the 
interest components invested in Eligible Investments (if 
any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the Italian 
Collection Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or 
expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and on the 
Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool Swaps; 
 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps; 
 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement 
swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered 
Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon termination of the 
relevant Swap Agreement; 
 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash 
Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount; prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account (but excluding 
item (B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve Amount 
calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), in 
each case at the end of the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; following the service

--- Page 35 ---
35 
of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account; and on the Guarantor Payment Date on which 
all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Italian Cash Reserve Account; 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account; and 
 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, 
 
but excluding: (i) any amount representing principal received in 
respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered Bond 
Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) 
in respect of any termination payment and, until a replacement 
swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts 
which would have been due and payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, 
had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if 
any); and (iv) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect 
of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap 
(as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) standing to 
the credit of the account into which the collateral posted pursuant 
to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a “English Swap 
Collateral Account”) and (ii) following the date on which the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the relevant English Swap Collateral 
Account in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value 
of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) provided 
by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in respect of 
the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to transfer 
collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support annex to the 
relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the 
termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise been 
payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor had

--- Page 36 ---
36 
the collateral not been provided under the credit support annex to 
the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap Counterparty is 
otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the 
relevant Swap Agreement.  
 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination of 
any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to 
either: 
 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to take such action as is 
required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such 
Rating Event; or 
 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the avoidance of 
doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or 
an Issuer Event of Default) and as designated as such by 
the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
 
A “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap 
Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated 
at least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “P-1” by 
Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation 
Date which will be equal to the aggregate amount of:  
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of 
items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments;  
 
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that 
would be payable by the Guarantor on any relevant 
Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following 
three months or, if no Covered Bond Swap has 
been entered into or if it has been entered into with 
BPER in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the 
interest amount due under that Series of Covered 
Bonds in the immediately following three months; 
and 
 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Principal Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(A) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect 
of the Receivables and credited to the Italian Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any 
amount retained in the Italian Collection Account from 
the Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by 
the Servicer and credited to the Italian Collection Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(C) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the 
Receivables during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving 
from the sale of the Receivables under (c) above, all 
amounts of principal deriving from the liquidation of 
Eligible Investments; 
 
(E) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of 
such Guarantor Payment Date under any Covered Bond 
Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
 
(F) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
 
(G) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
 
(H) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any 
termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty 
has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would have 
been due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, 
had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, 
not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); and (iii) any 
amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as 
defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collection Period” means each period commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and 
October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of

--- Page 38 ---
38 
March, June, September and December of each year, and, in the 
case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (the Initial 
Valuation Date (excluded) and ending on (and including) 30 
September 2015. 
 
“Initial Transfer Date” means 17 September 2015. 
 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 June 2015. 
 
“Valuation Date” means (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 
the Initial Valuation Date and (ii) in respect of the Subsequent 
Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for the 
purchase of Subsequent Portfolios. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor will use 
the Available Funds, as calculated in respect of the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, to make payments or provisions in the 
order of priority set out below (in each case only if and to the 
extent that payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes, in order to preserve its corporate existence, 
to maintain it in good standing and to comply with 
applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according 
to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the English Account Bank, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Subsequent Paying 
Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the 
Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(iii) 
third, pro rata and pari passu to (a) pay any 
amount 
due 
and 
payable 
to 
the 
Swap 
Counterparties in respect of the Swap Agreements 
which are not currency swaps (other than any 
termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap, and/or Mortgage 
Pool Swap to the extent of any premium received 
(net of any costs reasonably incurred by the 
Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a

--- Page 39 ---
39 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration 
for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is not a currency 
swap, and/or Mortgage Pool Swap); (b) pay 
interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds; and (c) credit to the Italian Cash 
Reserve Account an amount required to ensure 
that the Italian Cash Reserve Account is funded up 
to an amount equal to item (B)(b) of the definition 
of Required Reserve Amount; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due and payable, or to become due and 
payable, to the Swap Counterparties in respect of 
the Swap Agreements which are currency swaps 
(if any) (other than any termination payment due 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but 
including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, to the 
extent of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by 
the 
Guarantor 
from 
a 
replacement 
swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a 
swap transaction with the Issuer on the same terms 
as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a 
currency swap); and (b) principal due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Pass 
Through Series and Series of Covered Bonds; 
 
(v) 
fifth, after each Pass Through Series and Series of 
Covered Bonds has been fully repaid or repayment 
in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided for 
(up to the Required Redemption Amount in 
respect of each outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds), to pay pro rata and pari passu any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iii)(a) and 
(iv)(a) above; 
 
(vi) 
sixth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds 
has been provided for (such that the Required 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in

--- Page 40 ---
40 
respect of each outstanding Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds), in or towards satisfaction, pro 
rata and pari passu, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ 
Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all 
amounts due and payable to the Servicer under 
clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(vii) 
seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds 
has been provided for (such that the Required 
Redemption Amount has been accumulated in 
respect of each outstanding Pass Through Series 
and Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds), any 
remaining moneys will be applied in and towards 
repayment in full pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), in accordance with the provisions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s), of the amounts 
outstanding 
under 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement(s) 
and/or 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”). 
 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service 
of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails to 
provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during 
the immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the 
definition of Available Funds and that such amounts shall be 
applied to make payments under the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, (a) in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of 
(i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the 
Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the relevant Series Covered Bonds, and (iii) Negative Carry 
Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass Through Series of Covered 
Bonds, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through 
Series of Covered Bonds. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Available Funds” shall 
include (i) the Interest Available Funds, (ii) the Principal 
Available Funds and (iii) the amounts received by the Guarantor 
as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in 
accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree (the 
“Excess Proceeds”).

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Post-Breach of Amortisation 
Test Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice but prior to the service of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used to 
make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount 
due and payable to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash 
Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Investment Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary 
Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, 
the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if 
any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other than 
any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swaps 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty 
in consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same terms 
as the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Pass Through Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under item (iii) above;  
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to 
the respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due

--- Page 42 ---
42 
and payable to the relevant Seller in respect of 
Sellers’ Claims (if any) under the terms of the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the 
relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
(ii) all amounts due and payable to the Servicer 
under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), 
any 
remaining 
moneys 
towards 
repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or other 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post- Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments”). 
Post-Guarantor Event of 
Default Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used to 
make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each case 
only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority have 
been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to 
the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and 
taxes; 
 
(ii) 
second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
amount due and payable to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash 
Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Investment Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary 
Paying Agent, the Registered Paying Agent (if 
any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate Servicer, 
the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager (if 
any); 
 
(iii) 
third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) any 
amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other than 
any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swaps 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swaps to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty

--- Page 43 ---
43 
in consideration for entering into a swap 
transaction with the Guarantor on the same terms 
as the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap) and (b) interest and 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
in respect of each Pass Through Series and Series 
of Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) 
fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any 
termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Swap Counterparties under the terms of 
the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under item (iii) above; 
 
(v) 
fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to 
the respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due 
and payable to the relevant Seller in respect of 
Sellers’ Claims (if any) under the terms of the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the 
relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and 
(ii) all amounts due and payable to the Servicer 
under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) 
sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant 
Seller(s), 
any 
remaining 
moneys 
towards 
repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) in 
accordance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or other 
Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” 
and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment, the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments and the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of 
Payments, are collectively referred to as the “Priorities of 
Payments”). 
 
(e) 
Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool 
Transfer of the Cover Pool 
The Initial Seller and the Guarantor have entered into a master 
transfer agreement pursuant to which the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred to the Guarantor the Initial Receivables and (b) may 
assign and transfer further Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets (together with the Eligible Assets, the “Subsequent 
Portfolio”) to the Guarantor from time to time (the “BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement”), in the cases and subject to the 
limits on the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios, referred to below. 
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Portfolios in order to:

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
(i) 
collateralise the issue of further Series or Tranches 
of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the 
limits to the assignment of further Receivables 
arising under Mortgage Loans set forth by the BoI 
Regulations (Limiti alla cessione; see Section II, 
paragraph 2 of the BoI Regulations, the “Limits to 
the Assignment”) (the “Issuance Assignment”); 
 
(ii) 
invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the 
Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing (the “Revolving 
Assignment”); or 
 
(iii) 
ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
(the “Integration Assignment”), subject to the 
limits referred to in the section headed “Integration 
Assets” below. 
 
In the context of Integration Assignments, the Guarantor may 
also acquire Integration Assets. 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and subject to 
the conditions provided therein, the Initial Seller shall also be 
allowed to repurchase Initial Receivables and Subsequent 
Portfolios which have been assigned by it to the Guarantor. 
 
The Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios will be 
assigned and transferred to the Guarantor without recourse (pro 
soluto) in accordance with Law 130 and subject to the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
 
Pursuant to each Additional Master Transfer Agreement, any 
bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), may accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Portfolios to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions. Any Additional Seller so acceding to the Programme 
shall, inter alia: 
 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor an Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing 
an accession letter substantially in the form 
attached to the Intercreditor Agreement and the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement, 
respectively. 
Representations and warranties 
of the Sellers 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the Initial Seller on the Initial 
Transfer Date, as subsequently amended (the “BPER Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement”), the Initial Seller has made certain 
representations and warranties regarding itself and the Portfolios

--- Page 45 ---
45 
transferred and to be transferred, respectively, by it including, 
inter alia: 
 
(a) 
its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(b) 
the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of 
the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(c) 
the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any lien 
attaching the Receivables, and, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, the full, 
unconditional, legal title of the Initial Seller to the 
Receivables assigned by it; and 
 
(d) 
the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, against 
the relevant Debtors of the obligations from which the 
Receivables arises. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
“Debtor” means any person, entity or subject, also different from 
the Borrower, who is liable for the payment of amounts due, as 
principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable. 
 
“Borrowers” means, collectively, the borrowers under the 
Mortgage Loans and “Borrower” means any one of them. 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the 
Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions of 
the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such 
agreement, an “Additional Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreements”). 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the 
general criteria set out in the section headed “Description of the 
Cover Pool – Credit and Collection policies - The General 
Criteria” below (the “General Criteria”). 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans to be included in 
the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Annex 1, Part 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial 
Receivables and in the relevant offer for the sale of Subsequent 
Portfolios.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the MEF Decree and the BoI 
Regulations, “Integration Assets” shall include: 
 
(a) 
Eligible Deposits; and 
 
(b) 
securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States 
with residual maturity not longer than one year . 
 
The integration of the Cover Pool may be carried out through the 
Integration Assets, provided that the Integration Assets shall not 
be allowed within, at any time, higher than 15 per cent of the 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the assets comprising 
the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). The 
Integration (whether through Integration Assets or through 
Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans qualifying as eligible 
assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations) shall be allowed 
exclusively for the purpose of complying with the Tests. 
 
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European 
Economic Space, Switzerland and any other State attracting a 
zero per cent risk weight factor under the “Standardised 
Approach” provided for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 relating 
to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of the 
English Investment Account in  
 
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities 
or other debt instruments provided that (i) such 
investments are immediately repayable on demand at par 
together with accrued and unpaid interest, disposable 
without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no 
later than the immediately following Liquidation Date; 
(ii) such investments provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount); and (iii) the debt securities or other debt 
instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity of less than 
one month, or such other lower rating being compliant 
with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to 
time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-
term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity between one 
and three months, or such other lower rating being

--- Page 47 ---
47 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from 
time to time; 
 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, 
certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances issued 
by any depositary institution or trust company (including, 
without limitation, the English Account Bank and the 
Italian Account Bank, provided that they qualify as an 
Eligible Institution) qualifying as Eligible Institution and 
subject to supervision and examination by governmental 
banking authorities, provided that such investments shall 
have a minimum rating equal to the ones reported on the 
following table: 
 
Maturity 
Rating Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term 
debt or, if no long-term rating 
is available, “P-2” in respect of 
short-term debt” 
 
 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term 
debt or, if no long-term rating 
is available, “P-3” in respect of 
short-term debt 
 
 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or 
notes issued in the context of securitisations transactions 
(other than securitisation transactions were originated by 
a member of the same consolidated group of which the 
Issuer is also a member or by an entity affiliated to same 
central body to which the Issuer is also affiliated) and/or 
covered bonds, in each case pursuant to the OBG 
Regulations, provided that, in all cases, such investments 
shall from time to time comply with Moody’s 
requirements in respect of type of asset, minimum rating 
and maturity; 
 
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated 
debt securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) 
title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the 
relevant repurchase transactions and their respective 
maturity) effectively passes to the Issuer, (ii) such 
repurchase transactions are immediately repayable on 
demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a 
maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase 
transactions provide a fixed principal amount at maturity 
(such amount not being lower than the initially invested 
amount) provided that either (a) the debt securities or 
other debt instruments underlying the repurchase 
transactions are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the 
counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase 
transaction is, an institution whose unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1)

--- Page 48 ---
48 
either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, 
if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity of less than one month, or 
such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either 
“Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by 
Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity between one and three 
months, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty 
acting as borrower regulated under the Global Master 
Securities Agreements governed by English law provided 
that (i) the underlying securities comply with the 
requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting 
as lender under the securities lending transaction is a 
credit institution (including, without limitation, the 
English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, to 
the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying 
as an Eligible Institution, (iii) such securities lending 
transactions are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date 
falling no later than the immediately following 
Liquidation Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower 
of the Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor 
Agreement and has agreed to be bound by the provisions 
thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant 
counterparty below the minimum ratings by Moody’s, the 
Guarantor shall terminate in advance the securities 
lending transaction within 35 calendar days from the 
downgrade,  
 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, of 
credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer 
of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount 
available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time (ii) nor 
may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, 
irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time. 
 
(the “Eligible Investments”).  
Subordinated Loan(s) 
On the Initial Transfer Date, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as subsequently 
amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”), 
pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted to the Guarantor 
a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a 
maximum amount equal to the BPER Commitment Limit. Under

--- Page 49 ---
49 
the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make 
advances to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price 
of the Portfolios transferred from time to time to the Guarantor 
by it, including the Subsequent Portfolios to be transferred in 
order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by 
the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan advanced to fund 
the purchase price of Portfolios to be sold in the framework of an 
Issuance Assignment (the “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent 
Portfolios in the framework of an Integration Assignment (the 
“Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of paying any amount required to be paid as a result of 
an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial 
Receivables and/or Subsequent Portfolios in accordance with the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the “Price Adjustment 
Advance”); and (d) financing the creation of Eligible Deposits 
(the “Eligible Deposits Advance”). 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the 
Guarantor, will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an “Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together with the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan 
Agreements”). 
 
(See the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”, below). 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests 
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of the MEF Decree, for so long as any Covered 
Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as 
Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on 
a on-going basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests 
are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant 
tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme Expiry 
Date that each of the following Mandatory Tests is met: 
 
(a) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
 
(b) 
the NPV Test; and 
 
(c) 
the Interest Coverage Test. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Mandatory Tests, see the 
section headed “Credit structure” below. 
 
The Asset Coverage Test

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
and until the earlier of: 
 
(i) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
the Conditions; and 
 
(ii) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor, 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller 
shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant 
Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan 
Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds. For a more detailed description, 
see the section “Credit structure” below. 
 
The Amortisation Test 
 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remain outstanding, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Additional 
Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay 
(but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate 
Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation Test”). 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below. 
 
Compliance with the Tests and the Amortisation Test will be 
verified by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be. The calculations performed by 
the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests and the 
Amortisation Test will be verified from time to time by the Asset 
Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement and the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, as the case 
may be. For a detailed description see the section headed “Credit 
Structure – Tests” below. 
Breach of the Amortisation Test 
If, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay (and, in case of a Notice 
to Pay delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the 
delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice), a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice is served:

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
(i) 
Pass Through Series: any and all Series of 
Covered Bonds will become immediately Pass 
Through Series in accordance with Condition 8(b); 
and 
 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best 
effort to sell the Mortgage Loans, Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the 
Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(a) 
prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available 
Funds to purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure 
the relevant Test; or 
 
(b) 
BPER shall sell, as soon as possible and by the last day of 
the month during which the Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred has been 
delivered, Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor, which 
shall purchase such assets, in accordance with the BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement, and, to this extent, BPER 
shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance 
with 
the 
BPER 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement (and, if needed, it will increase the BPER 
Commitment Limit), provided that none of the events 
indicated in clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione 
dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) 
(Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) 
(Violazione delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del 
Cedente), 
(iii) 
(Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente 
Pregiudizievole) and (v) (Crisi) of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement has occurred with respect to BPER; 
or 
 
(c) 
following the occurrence of one of the events indicated in 
clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di 
Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di 
obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle 
dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) 
(Mutamento Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) 
(Crisi) of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement with 
respect to BPER, or failing BPER to cure the relevant 
Tests by the last day of the month during which the Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of the relevant 
Test has occurred has been delivered, any Additional 
Seller (if any) shall sell, or shall procure that any third 
party seller sells, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as 
soon as possible, Subsequent Portfolios, provided that the

--- Page 52 ---
52 
conditions set out in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement are satisfied; 
 
(d) 
failing BPER or the Additional Sellers to cure the relevant 
Tests, within the last day of the month during which the 
Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test 
has occurred has been delivered, the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Portfolios from 
any entity belonging to the BPER Banking Group willing 
to act as Additional Seller, provided that the conditions set 
out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement are 
satisfied, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant Tests 
are met as soon as practicable and in any event by not later than 
the date provided for in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. The obligation of each Additional Seller to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (c) 
above will be limited to, and does not in any case exceed, the 
relevant percentage calculated in respect of the overall Cover 
Pool – on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or any other date on which such percentage needs to be 
assessed for the curing of a breach of the relevant Tests – of 
Subsequent Portfolios sold by the relevant Additional Seller and 
notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, each of the 
Additional Sellers will have the right to sell, and the Guarantor 
shall purchase, Subsequent Portfolios in excess of such 
Additional Seller’s pro rata percentage, if necessary to ensure 
that the relevant Tests are met. 
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, as evidenced by the 
following Test Performance Report, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor stating that the breach of the relevant Tests has not 
been cured (a “Breach of Tests Notice”). 
 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, as a result of the delivery 
of a Test Performance Report assessing a breach of any of the 
Tests: 
 
(I) 
no further Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds may be 
issued; and  
 
(II) 
no payments under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) 
will be effected, unless the relevant breach is remedied. 
 
If, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice, the breach 
of relevant Tests has not been cured within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, an Issuer Event of Default 
shall occur and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to deliver a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, 
pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, a breach of the 
Amortisation Test shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to 
the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the 
Guarantor shall sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Public Securities in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
 
“BPER Commitment Limit” means the maximum amount of 
the subordinated loan granted by BPER as indicated in the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further increase that 
may be determined unilaterally by the Subordinated Loan 
Provider through a written notice to the Guarantor and the Issuer. 
 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report is 
to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration 
Agreement 
and 
the 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed-upon procedures 
set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer in the 
context of the Programme. The Asset Monitor will also perform 
the other activities provided under the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets following 
the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor shall (only if 
necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds) direct – in the date falling (i) within 30 calendar days after 
the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
following a non-payment referred to under Condition 11 (Events 
of Default) or (ii) in any other case of a service of a Notice to Pay 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor other than for a non-payment, six 
months prior to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing 
Covered Bonds (the Sale Date) – the Servicer to sell Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities in the Cover 
Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject 
to the pre-emption right of the relevant Seller pursuant to the 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement or any other Transaction 
Documents. The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited to 
the Italian Payments Account and applied as set out in the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
 
If the offered price of such sale is insufficient to (i) redeem the 
relevant Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds in full and (ii) 
make provisions towards accumulation up to an amount equal to 
the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor shall

--- Page 54 ---
54 
direct the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sell the Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities (other than 
Eligible Deposits) on the immediately following Sale Date until 
the proceeds are sufficient to redeem the relevant Pass Through 
Series of Covered Bonds in full and to make provisions towards 
accumulation up to an amount equal to the Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount for the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
then outstanding. 
Sale of selected assets following 
the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on 
the Guarantor, the Guarantor or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the 
Guarantor, direct the Servicer or, in the absence of the Servicer, 
the Cover Pool Manager, to sell Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller 
or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Italian Collection Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement” below. 
Sale of selected assets following 
the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, 
in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by 
means of execution of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all 
reasonable endeavours to procure that all Receivables and/or the 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover 
Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as 
reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably 
obtainable in each case taking into account the market conditions 
at that time, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller 
or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Italian Payments Account and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction 
Documents 
– 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the markets risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond may occur for other reason which 
may not be considered significant risk by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on information currently available 
to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the structural elements described elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) go to mitigate a number of these risks for the Covered 
Bondholders, nevertheless the Issuer and the Guarantor cannot give any assurance that those will be sufficient to 
ensure timely payment of interest, principal or any other amounts on, or in connection with, the Covered Bonds 
to the Covered Bondholders. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prosectus and reach 
thir own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s operation; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial positions, in terms of compositions and exposures; 
3. Risks relating to the Cover Pool and other connected risks affecting the ability of the Guarantor to fulfil 
its payment obligations in the context of the Programme; 
4. Risks relating to the nature of the Covered Bonds; 
5. Tax Risks. 
 
1. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S OPERATIONS 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer’s earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial 
markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of 
central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (the “ECB”), and competitive factors, 
at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer’s 
products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer 
between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer’s investment and trading portfolios. 
Risks associated with the spread of epidemics and the spread of the new viral pneumonia COVID-19 
 
The spread of any contagious disease that may result in an epidemic on a regional or global scale may have a 
negative impact on the operations and results of the Issuer, the Group and the entire market in which they operates. 
If one or more of the geographical areas in which the Issuer, the Group and its customers operate are affected by 
contagious diseases that cause epidemics on a regional or global scale, the operations of the Issuer, the Group and 
its customers could be significantly reduced, with possible negative effects on the Issuer's business and prospects 
and on its economic, asset and financial situation.  
Since December 2019, there has been a rapid spread of a new viral pneumonia disease deriving from the 
Coronavirus 2019-nCoV (“COVID-19”), which has gradually spread from some regions of China to other

--- Page 56 ---
56 
countries on a global basis. In particular, since February 2020, there have also been numerous cases of COVID-
19 in some areas of northern Italy - primarily in Lombardy, Emilia-Romagna and Veneto - as a result of which 
the Italian public authorities have taken a number of measures to contain the spread of the virus. In a first phase, 
particularly restrictive measures were introduced and limited to the municipalities at the epicentre of the spread 
of the virus, including, among other things, the temporary interruption of production activities, commercial 
activities and restrictions on the circulation of people. In the following weeks, these restrictive measures, 
including, inter alia, restrictions on the movement of goods and people, the closure of most of the production and 
commercial activities and various social distancing provisions, were introduced for the whole country.  
This outbreak (and any future outbreaks) of COVID-19 has led (and may continue to lead) to disruptions in China’s 
economy and/or the economies of other nations where the COVID-19 has arisen and may in the future arise, and 
may result in adverse impacts on the global economy in general. These circumstances have led to volatility in the 
capital markets, which may lead to volatility in or disruption of the credit markets at any time and may adversely 
affect the value of the Covered Bonds. As COVID-19 continues to spread, the potential impacts, including a 
global, regional or other economic recession, are increasingly uncertain and difficult to assess.  
Since September 2020, COVID-19 spread increased, after a temporary fall between June and August 2020, in 
Italy and at European level, leading to “second wave” restrictions substantially similar to the ones imposed during 
the first semester of 2020. If the spread of COVID-19 increases or persists for a significant period of time, or any 
new wave restrictions or other measures are put in place, this could have a materially negative impact on the global 
economy.   
Investors should note the risk that the virus, or any governmental or societal response to the virus, may affect the 
business activities and financial results of the Issuer and the Group, and/or may impact the functioning of the 
financial system(s) needed to make regular and timely payments under the Receivables, and therefore the ability 
of the Issuer to make payments on the Covered Bonds.  
Changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of BPER and its subsidiaries (the “BPER 
Group” or the “Group”). The results of the BPER Group’s banking operations are affected by its management 
of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the 
relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest 
earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest 
rates, may have a material effect on the BPER Group’s financial condition or results of operations.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a higher rate 
than the yield on its assets, due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are 
sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities 
with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER Group’s 
assets at a rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
In addition, in recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition which, 
together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and 
lending rates, and has made it difficult for banks to maintain positive growth trends in interest rate margins. 
Consequences of Great Britain’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) 
The Issuer may be affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets.  
Pursuant to a referendum held in June 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) has voted to leave the European Union 
and, on 29 March 2017, the UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and officially notified the 
European Union of its decision to withdraw from the European Union.  
On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the European Union. According to Articles 126 and 127 of the Article 
50 Withdrawal Agreement (approved by the European Parliament on 29 January 2020), the UK entered an 
implementation period during which it will negotiate its future relationship with the European Union. During such 
implementation period – which is due to operate until 31 December 2020 – the Union law shall continue to apply 
in the United Kingdom. 
Regardless those facts, the result of the referendum in June 2016 created significant uncertainties with regard to 
the political and economic outlook of the United Kingdom and the European Union. 
The exit of the UK from the European Union, the possible exit of Scotland, Wales or Northern Ireland from the 
UK, the possibility that other European Union countries could hold similar referendums to the one held in the UK 
and/or call into question their membership of the European Union and the possibility that one or more countries 
that adopted the Euro as their national currency might decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency or 
prolonged periods of uncertainty connected to these eventualities could have significant negative impacts on 
global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. These could include further falls 
in equity markets, a further fall in the value of the pound and, more in general, increase in financial markets 
volatility, reduction of global markets liquidities with possible negative consequences on the performance of the 
Programme.  
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation and 
a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly 
relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes. If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ products and 
service offerings it may lose market share or incur losses. 
Business concentration risk 
The Issuer’s key market geographically is the Emilia Romagna region, where the Issuer has historically operated 
and where the main part of the BPER branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers and counterparties, (as mentioned above) particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a 
general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the 
financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the 
Issuer’s impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Issuer’s business 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risk, plus a series of other 
risks typical to businesses such as strategic risk, legal risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in 
the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer’s business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. Notwithstanding 
its detailed controls including customer credit checks, it bears normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons 
beyond its control (such as, for example, fraudulent behaviour by customers), have access to all relevant 
information regarding any particular customer, its financial position, or itsability to pay amounts owed or repay 
amounts borrowed. Any failure of customers to accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply 
with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s 
business and financial results. During a recession, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number 
of the Issuer’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact 
on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. The risk arising from the impact of the economy and 
business climate on the credit quality of the BPER Group’s borrowers and counterparties can affect the overall 
credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties. In addition, the continued 
liquidity crisis in other affected economies may create difficulties for the BPER Group’s borrowers to refinance 
or repay loans to the BPER Group’s loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group’s non-performing 
loan levels. 
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies 
and commodities. The Issuer’s trading revenues and interest rate risk are dependent upon its ability to effectively 
identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market prices or interest rates. The 
Issuer’s financial results are also dependant upon how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of 
credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market 
interest rates. This risk is monitored through the Asset Liability Management System (“ALMS”), which measures 
under “static” conditions the impact of interest rate charges on financial margins. 
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer’s ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities incurred 
by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. The current 
uncertainty in the global and Italian capital markets and credit conditions has led to the most severe examination 
of the banking system’s capacity to absorb sudden significant changes in the funding and liquidity environment 
in recent history, and has had an adverse impact on the wider economy. Individual institutions have faced varying 
degrees of stress. Faced with the economic slowdown and the financial crisis, the governments and central banks 
of the most industrialised countries responded with economic and monetary measures of historic magnitude. In 
economic terms, fiscal incentives were introduced together with plans for greater public spending, especially on 
infrastructure. In monetary terms, governments and sector authorities acted to support banks via investment in 
their capital, injections of liquidity and guarantees for depositors, as well as to support the economy via repeated 
interest rate cuts. 
The activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and 
retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB’s lending 
policy or funding requirements, including changes to the criteria to identify the classes of assets eligible as 
collateral for operations of monetary policy with the ECB or for calculating the value of such assets, could affect 
the Group’s results of operations, business and financial condition.  
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings or failures in internal processes, people or 
systems and from external events, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, unauthorised 
transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology or 
telecommunication systems. The Issuer’s systems and processes are designed to ensure that the operational risks 
associated with its activities are appropriately monitored.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of 
organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, 
all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. Any failure or 
weakness in these systems could, however, adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business 
activities. 
BPER has devoted significant resources to developing policies, procedures and assessment methods to manage 
market, credit, liquidity and operating risks and intends to continue to do so in the future. In addition, BPER 
implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage and 
mitigate risk (e.g., the management of particularly critical reputational events), as well as to provide a structured 
periodic situation report thereon and measures that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may 
exist. The framework includes the management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a 
functional escalation process and the determination of short and long term responses and mitigation. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer’s risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its 
risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails 
to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer’s risk management policies and 
procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a 
result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as 
“systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely 
affect BPER. 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which 
the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted. 
 
2. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE ISSUER’S FINANCIAL POSITIONS, IN TERMS OF 
 
COMPOSITIONS AND EXPOSURES 
Credit risk and risk of credit quality deterioration 
The activity, financial and capital strength and profitability of the Group depend on the creditworthiness of its 
customers, among other things. 
In carrying out its credit activities, the Group is exposed to the risk that an unexpected change in the 
creditworthiness of a counterparty may generate a corresponding change in the value of the associated credit 
exposure and give rise to the partial or total write-down thereof. This risk is always inherent in the traditional 
activity of providing credit, regardless of the form it takes (cash loan or endorsement loan, secured or unsecured, 
etc.). 
In the context of credit activities, this risk involves, among other things, the possibility that the Group’s contractual 
counterparties may not fulfil their payment obligations, as well as the possibility that Group companies may, based 
on incomplete, untrue or incorrect information, grant credit that otherwise would not have been granted or that 
would have been granted under different conditions. 
The main causes of non-fulfilment relate to the borrower’s loss of its autonomous capacity to service and repay 
the debt (due to a lack of liquidity, insolvency, etc.), the emergence of circumstances not related to the 
economic/financial conditions of the debtor, such as country risk, and the effect of operational risks.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
Other banking activities, besides the traditional lending and deposit activities, can also expose the Group to credit 
risks. “Non-traditional” credit risk can, for example, arise from: (i) entering into derivative contracts; (ii) buying 
and selling securities, futures, currencies or goods; and (iii) holding third-party securities. The counterparties of 
said transactions or the issuers of securities held by Group entities could fail to comply due to insolvency, political 
or economic events, a lack of liquidity, operating deficiencies, or other reasons. 
The Group has adopted procedures, rules and principles aimed at monitoring and managing credit risk at both 
individual counterparty and portfolio level. However, there is the risk that, despite these credit risk monitoring 
and management activities, the Group’s credit exposure may exceed predetermined levels pursuant to the 
procedures, rules and principles it has adopted. Therefore, the deterioration of certain particularly important 
customers’ creditworthiness and, more generally, any defaults or repayment irregularities, the launch of 
bankruptcy proceedings by counterparties, the reduction of the economic value of guarantees received and/or the 
inability to execute said guarantees successfully and/or in a timely manner, as well as any errors in assessing 
customers’ creditworthiness, could have major negative effects on the activity, operating results and capital and 
financial position of BPER and/or the Group. 
As regards the European context however, the average data for the continent’s banks shows a percentage of non-
performing loans (“non-performing loans” or “NPLs”) that is considerably lower than the average for Italian 
banks and banking groups. 
The Group has adopted valuation policies for customer loans and receivables that take into account write-downs 
recorded on asset portfolios for which objective loss events have not been identified. These portfolios are subject 
to a write-down which, taking into account the relevant risk factors with similar characteristics, is calculated partly 
through statistically defined coverage levels based on available information and historical data. However, in the 
event of deterioration in economic conditions and a consequent increase in non-performing loans, it cannot be 
ruled out that there may be significant increases in the write-downs to be performed on the various categories of 
such loans, and that credit risk estimates may need to be amended. Finally, there is a possibility that losses on 
loans may exceed the amount of write-downs, which would have a significant negative impact on the operating 
result capital and financial position of the Issuer and/or of the Group. 
In addition, the ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) as 
amended and supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, 
processes and best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully 
adhere to the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios.  
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks 
should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely 
managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it 
asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and 
portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks 
should explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration 
in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may 
trigger supervisory measures.  
The guidance does not intend to substitute or supersede any applicable regulatory or accounting requirement or 
guidance from existing EU regulations or directives and their national transpositions or equivalent, or guidelines 
issued by the European Banking Authority (“EBA”). Instead, the guidance is a supervisory tool with the aim of 
clarifying the supervisory expectations regarding NPL identification, management, measurement and write-offs 
in areas where existing regulations, directives or guidelines are silent or lack specificity. 
Where binding laws, accounting rules and national regulations on the same topic exist, banks should comply with 
those. It is also expected that banks do not enlarge already existing deviations between regulatory and accounting 
views in the light of this guidance, but rather the opposite: whenever possible, banks should foster a timely 
convergence of regulatory and accounting views where those differ substantially.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The 
addendum supplements the qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s 
supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. The addendum is not binding and will 
serve as the basis for the supervisory dialogue between the significant banks and the ECB Banking Supervision. 
During the supervisory dialogue, the ECB will discuss with each bank divergences from the prudential 
provisioning expectations laid out in the addendum. After the dialogue and taking into account the bank’s specific 
situation, ECB Banking Supervision will decide (on a case-by-case basis) whether and which supervisory 
measures are appropriate. The result of this dialogue will be incorporated, for the first time, in the 2021 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). The addendum is complementary to any future EU 
legislation based on the European Commission’s proposal to address NPLs under Pillar 1. The Commission’s 
proposal for a statutory provisioning backstop is conceived as a binding requirement that applies to all credit 
institutions. 
On 31 October 2018, EBA published its final “Guidelines on management of non-performing and forborne 
exposures”. Such Guidelines, which apply from 30 June 2019, aim to ensure that credit institutions have adequate 
prudential tools and frameworks in place to manage effectively their non-performing exposures (NPEs) and to 
achieve a sustainable reduction on their balance sheets. To this end, the Guidelines require institutions to establish 
NPE reduction strategies and introduce governance and operational requirements to support them. The Guidelines 
introduce a threshold of 5% of gross NPL ratio as a trigger for developing NPE strategies and applying associated 
governance and operational arrangements. This threshold does not indicate an optimal level for NPLs and should 
not be considered as an automatic target to be used in credit institutions' NPE strategies but sets a prudential 
framework for stricter supervisory monitoring to guard against rising levels of NPEs. See the “Description of the 
Issuers” section of this Base Prospectus for further information on BPER NPL strategy. 
Potential rating downgrade  
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s Investors Service Limited (“Moody’s”), and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ltd (“Fitch”) which 
are both established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on ESMA website pursuant to the CRA Regulation. A downgrade 
of the Issuer’s rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in 
the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend 
mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital 
markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial 
condition and/or the results of its operations. 
 
 
 
Evolving regulatory environment 
The Issuer’s business is governed by Italian domestic and European Union legislation relating to the financial and 
banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the public 
authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the ECB, the European System of Central Banks 
and the CSSF in Luxembourg. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various 
forms. The banking laws to which BPER Group is subject govern the activities in which banks may engage and 
are designed to maintain the safety and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer 
must comply with financial services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory 
framework governing international financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, 
and new legislation and regulations are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the BPER 
Group, including proposed regulatory initiatives that could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements, as 
described below.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. 
The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly provided by implementation of 
measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the 
“Basel Committee”) and aim at preserving stability and resilience and limiting their risk exposure. 
The Basel Committee has embarked on a very significant risk weighted assets (RWA) variability agenda. This 
includes the Fundamental Review of the Trading Book, revised standardised approaches (credit, market, 
operational risk), constraints to the use of internal models as well as the introduction of a capital floor. The 
regulator’s primary aim is to eliminate unwarranted levels of RWA variance. The new framework will have a 
significant impact on risk modelling. From a credit risk perspective, an impact is expected both on capital held 
against those exposures assessed via the standardised approach, and those evaluated via an internal ratings based 
approach (IRB). In addition, significant changes are expected in relation to operational risk modelling, as the Basel 
Committee is proposing the elimination of the internal models some banks are currently utilising and the 
introduction of a more standardised approach. Following the finalisation of the Basel framework, the new rules 
will need to be transposed into European regulation. Implementation of these new rules on risk models will take 
effect from 1 January 2022. 
In addition, regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and 
their enforcement that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. A breach of any regulations by the Issuer could lead to 
intervention by supervisory authorities and the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be 
involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations and 
guidelines that may require additional investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place 
additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. 
Changes in the regulatory framework and in how such regulations are interpreted and/or applied by the supervisory 
authorities may have a material effect on the Group’s business and operations. The manner in which the new 
framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the operations of financial institutions is still 
evolving. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner 
that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of 
the Group. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism  
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions 
(the “SSM Regulation”) for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory 
Mechanism” or “SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with 
the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory 
responsibility over “banks of systemic importance” in the Eurozone. In this respect, “banks of systemic 
importance” include any Eurozone bank that (i) has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the total value of its 
assets is below €5 billion – greater than 20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is one of the three most 
significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance 
from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; (iv) is considered by the 
ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating 
Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with national 
competent authorities or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to 
ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. The Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of 
ECB of 16 April 2014 established the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism 
between ECB and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the “SSM Framework 
Regulation”). 
The relevant national competent authorities for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation continue to be responsible for supervisory functions not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer 
protection, money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB, 
on the other hand, is exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions, which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit

--- Page 63 ---
63 
institutions in the Eurozone and in the Member States participating to the SSM; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal 
of holdings in other banks; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU 
banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial 
stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance 
practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to 
the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities. 
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, the EBA is developing 
a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States (the “EBA Supervisory Handbook”). 
Any imposition of follow-up actions envisaged in the context of such supervisory evaluation or any future 
evaluations to be carried out by the ECB, could require corrective measures to be implemented by credit 
institutions such as BPER and could generate instability in the business activity carried out by BPER Group. 
The SSM could have a negative effect on the business capacity of BPER or on its capacity to obtain loans. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing the above menionted SRM Regulation entered 
into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning 
the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB with national resolution 
authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM (as defined above), applies to all banks supervised by the 
SSM. It mainly consists of the SRB and a Single Resolution Fund (the “Fund”).  
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the SRB and involves the European Commission 
and the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to SRB decisions – as well as the 
ECB and the national resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the SRB, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. Banks 
started to pay contributions in 2015 to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting 
from 2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes). 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority 
– i.e. the SRB – which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and 
part of the Banking Union.  
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the 
negative feed loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in 
resolution; and (c) a competitive advantage that Banking Union banks will have vis-à-vis non-Banking Union 
ones, due to the availability of a larger resolution fund. 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the SRM 
will affect the BPER Group. 
Pending legal proceedings 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective 
financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such 
provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group’s liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
Financial markets turbulence may impact the cost and availability of wholesale funding 
Europe has been experiencing a negative or zero economic growth level for a long period along with an increase 
in unemployment and a decrease in the demand for financial services. Almost all banks and financial institutions 
are affected by these developments, and there are increased risks to the Issuer’s business that are difficult to 
quantify or fully predict.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely way. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely 
affect the BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments in and 
sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on 
the demand for mortgages and other loan products. 
The global economic crisis may be prolonged or the start of economic recovery might be delayed, partly as a 
consequence of the exit strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the 
assistance granted in recent years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. In this case, the 
economic and financial position of the BPER Group might suffer further adverse consequences. 
 
3. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE COVER POOL AND OTHER CONNECTED RISKS 
 
AFFECTING THE ABILITY OF THE GUARANTOR TO FULFIL ITS PAYMENT 
 
OBLIGATIONS IN THE CONTEXT OF THE PROGRAMME 
Guarantor only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has the obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
upon the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor: 
(a) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, of a Notice to Pay; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice; 
and 
(c) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. A Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
can only be served if a breach of the Amortisation Test occurs. A Guarantor Default Notice can only be served if 
a Guarantor Event of Default occurs. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (i) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
and (ii) no Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice has been served) under the terms of 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in 
every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the 
Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest 
and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the 
substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, 
the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive 
basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount received, collected or recovered 
from the Issuer will form part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by the MEF Decree and contractual 
arrangements under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no case-law 
or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might uphold a Covered 
Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will be limited recourse 
to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, 
the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account 
Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible Investment 
and the amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be sufficient to meet the 
claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not received 
the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still have an 
unsecured claim against the Guarantor for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been structured 
to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the nominal 
amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account the relevant negative cost of carry. In addition, the 
MEF Decree provides for certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present 
value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the Covered 
Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall 
be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed 
“Maintenance of the Cover Pool” below. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
If the Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a guaranteed amount and has insufficient 
funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay all such amount of principal on the Extension 
Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts shall automatically be 
deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has sufficient moneys 
available to pay in part the guaranteed amounts in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 
8 (Redemption and Purchase), on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date and any subsequent Scheduled 
Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be 
deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable 
on the unpaid guaranteed amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, 
Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor 
has improperly withheld or refused to apply moneys in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in 
accordance with Condition 8 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by the Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed 
amount on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the 
relevant later date in case of an applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
However, failure by the Guarantor to pay any guaranteed amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on 
the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will 
(subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because it is 
expected that the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
(a) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer selling further Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor; 
(b) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer, repurchasing certain Receivables in accordance with the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement; and

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(c) 
the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the 
Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool. 
However, each Receivable arising under the Mortgage Loans will be required to meet the Criteria and to comply 
with the representations and warranties set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – see the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”, below. In 
addition, the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the 
Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the Calculation Agent will 
provide on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the 
Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on a 
quarterly basis pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the Receivables 
and/or the Integration Assets. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria and 
the relevant representations/warranties given by the Sellers in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
The remedy provided for in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach of representation or 
warranty is for the relevant Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in respect of losses arising from 
such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of the Italian Civil Code, 
to retransfer the Receivables, in respect of which a breach of the representation or warranty has occurred, in 
accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such 
obligations are not guaranteed by nor will they be the responsibility of any person other than the relevant Seller 
and neither the Guarantor nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have recourse to any other 
person in the event that the relevant Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet such obligations. However, pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the assets which do not qualify as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded 
by the calculation of the Test and, in case of breach of the Test due to such exclusion, the Issuer or, failing the 
Issuer to do so, the relevant Additional Seller shall integrate the Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer agreed to transfer Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase 
Subsequent Portfolios in order to ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. The Initial Receivables 
purchase price shall be funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by the Issuer will be funded through 
(a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
in case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to 
certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments in case of an Integration Assignment. 
If an Additional Seller accedes to the Programme, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, such Additional Seller will agree to transfer 
Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor and the Guarantor will agree to purchase such Subsequent Portfolios. The 
purchase price for the Subsequent Portfolios transferred by such Additional Seller will be funded through (i) any 
Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in 
case of a Revolving Assignment; (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement, in 
case of an Issuance Assignment; and (iii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement 
and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Principal Priority of Payments, in case of an Integration Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the Additional 
Seller(s), if any, will undertake upon accession to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) to ensure that on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Asset Coverage 
Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. If, on any Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on each other day on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool does not comply with the Tests, then the Guarantor shall, prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent, use the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent 
Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall 
sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next 
following Monthly Calculation Date, and the purchase price of such Subsequent Portfolios will be funded through 
the proceeds of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the event the Issuer fails to cure the relevant Test, 
any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient 
Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if, on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Tests are subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to 
the obligation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of Tests Notice in the future. 
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not satisfied on or before the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, 
and shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of the 
Tests, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following 
a service of a Notice to Pay will entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. Following 
the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds 
shall become Pass Through Series and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-Breach 
of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. To avoid any doubt the service of a Breach of the amortisation Test 
Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date concerning, 
inter alia, the control of: (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF Decree with respect to 
the Receivables and the Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the calculation performed by the Issuer 
in respect of the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance with the limits to the transfer of the Receivables set out 
under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap 
Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme and (v) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely 
delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. In addition, the 
Asset Monitor will, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, (I) prior to the delivery of Notice to 
Pay, verify on behalf of the Issuer, the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory 
Tests and the Asset Coverage Test; and (II) following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, verify, on behalf of the 
Guarantor, the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the 
Amortisation Test. For further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset 
Monitor Agreement”, below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor the 
verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its obligations 
under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to direct the 
Servicer to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s 
creditors, including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; see the section headed “Description of 
the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement”, below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there can be

--- Page 68 ---
68 
no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, which may 
affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the 
Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Pass 
Through Series of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds 
or (if the same is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of 
such Covered Bonds. At the Extended Maturity Date, unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or 
cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Guarantor is obliged to direct the 
Cover Pool Manager to immediately sell the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably available, taking into 
account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Sellers will have the right to exercise their pre-emption 
right in accordance with the relevant Master Tranasfer Agreement. 
Realisation of assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours 
to procure that all Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool 
(other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable, taking into account the market 
conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured 
obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments (see the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction 
Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid 
sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the 
Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of the 
Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for example, if there is a 
general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a 
real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan 
or at any other time. If the residential and commercial property market in Italy experiences an overall decline in 
property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in 
losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Sellers if Selected Assets and their related 
security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall, if necessary to effect timely payments under the Covered 
Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and their related security interests included in the Cover Pool, subject to a right of 
pre-emption granted to the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their related security 
interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such 
Selected Assets and related security interests and there is no assurance that the relevant Seller would give or repeat 
any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related security interests originally 
transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such warranties or representations. Any representations 
or warranties previously given by the relevant Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans assigned in the Cover Pool 
may not have value for a third party purchaser if such Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security interests could be adversely affected by the lack of 
representations and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy under 
article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the relevant Seller is

--- Page 69 ---
69 
made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables) or, in 
cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies (e.g. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by the bankrupt 
party exceed, by more than one-fourth, the consideration received or promised), within six months of the covered 
bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables). 
The Additional Sellers  
Any Additional Seller which may accede to the Programme will be Italian credit institutions belonging to the 
BPER Group but separate legal entities from the Issuer. The Additional Sellers (if any) may be subject to 
insolvency proceedings under Italian law. Such event would not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in itself. An 
insolvency of any of the Additional Sellers may affect certain rights and obligations of the Guarantor, for example 
limiting the duty of the Guarantor to purchase assets from the relevant Additional Seller, or the ability of such 
Additional Seller to repurchase assets under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, or to remedy breach of the 
Test on the Cover Pool. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The Mortgage 
Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, 
prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in 
the national or international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, 
inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government 
policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse 
impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce and other similar 
factors may lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy on the part of borrowers, and could ultimately have 
an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower 
to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding 
under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for that 
property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non-Performing Loans will be subject to the effectiveness of 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans which in Italy can take 
a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on 
several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of the 
Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land 
registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is 
required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor raises a 
defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers 
commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any real estate asset. 
Law number 302 of 3 August 1998 allowed notaries, accountants and lawyers to conduct certain stages of the 
enforcement procedures in place of the courts in order to reduce the length of enforcement proceedings to between 
two and three years. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy issued by 
leading insurance companies approved by the relevant Sellers against damages from fire, destruction and 
explosion (each an “Insurance Policy”). There can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value of the 
real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the 
insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not covered 
(or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of the real estate 
assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant mortgage loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will have been originated 
in accordance with the applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to 
the Guarantor by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any), but originated by a person other than the Issuer

--- Page 70 ---
70 
and the Additional Sellers (if any) (an “Originator”), will have been originated in accordance with the lending 
criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the relevant Sellers’ or the relevant 
Originators’, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the indemnity guarantee 
policies, the status of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans 
to the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were 
originated by it were originated in accordance with such Seller’s lending criteria applicable at the time of 
origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans, if originated by an Originator, were originated in accordance with the 
relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. Each of the Issuer and the Additional 
Sellers (if any) retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement and of the Servicing Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending 
criteria at any time. However, if such lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the 
Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover 
Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Non-
Performing Loan in the Cover Pool will be given a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian Civil Code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary claims, 
notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off any claims 
owed to him/her by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, against the amount 
due by him/her to the relevant owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. The debtors under the 
Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due under any Mortgage Loan to 
the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if the relevant Mortgage Loan was transferred by an 
Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor which came into existence (were crediti 
esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of assignment in the Italian Official Gazette 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration of such notice in the competent companies 
register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking 
Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against 
the relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration of 
the notice of assignment in the local Companies’ Register. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be 
subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the relevant Seller or, as applicable the relevant originator, 
including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration at 
the Companies’ Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool may have increased risks of set-off, 
because the relevant Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator is required to make payments under them to 
the borrowers. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of 
the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced, inter alia, certain 
amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 
130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller 
after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk 
associated with borrowers holding deposits with the relevant Seller (although there is no assurance that all such 
risks will be accounted for). 
Usury Law has been subject to different interpretation over the time 
Italian Law no. 108 of 7 March 1996 (as amended and supplemented, the “Usury Law”) introduced legislation 
preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the “Usury Rates”) set every three 
months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last such Decree having been issued on 20 
December 2019). In addition, even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other

--- Page 71 ---
71 
advantages and/or remuneration may be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent 
(taking into account the specific circumstances of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar 
transactions) and (b) the person who paid or agreed to pay was in financial and economic difficulties. The 
provision of usurious interest, advantages or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the 
Usury Rates. 
With a view to limiting the impact of the application of the Usury Law to Italian loans executed prior to the 
entering into force of the Usury Law, the Italian Government has specified with Law Decree number 394 of 29 
December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree”), converted into Law number 24 by the Italian Parliament on 28 
February 2001, that an interest rate is to be deemed usurious only if it is higher than the Usury Rate in force at the 
time the relevant agreement is reached, regardless of the time at which interest is repaid by the borrower. However, 
it should be noted that few commentators and some lower court decisions have held that, irrespective of the 
principle set out in the Usury Law Decree, if an interest originally agreed at a rate falling below the then applicable 
usury limit were, at a later date, to exceed the usury limit from time to time in force, such interest should 
nonetheless be reduced to the then applicable usury limit. Such opinion seems confirmed by the Italian Supreme 
Court (Cass. Sez. I, 11.01.2013, number 602 and Cass. Sez. I, 11.01.2013, number 603), which stated that an 
automatic reduction of the applicable interest rate to the Usury Rates applicable from time to time shall apply to 
the loans. 
The Usury Law Decree also provides that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates 
in 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered into on 
the date on which the Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be replaced 
by a lower interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters fixed by the Usury Law Decree.  
The validity of the Usury Law Decree has been challenged before the Italian Constitutional Court by certain 
consumers’ associations claiming that the Usury Law Decree does not comply with the principles set out in the 
Italian Constitution. By decision number 29 of 14 February 2002, the Italian Constitutional Court stated, inter 
alia, that the Usury Law Decree complies with the principles set out in the Italian Constitution except for those 
provisions of the Usury Law Decree which provide that the interest rates due on instalments payable after 2 
January 2001 on loans are to be replaced by lower interest rates fixed in accordance with the Usury Law Decree. 
By such decision the Italian Constitutional Court has established that the lower interest rates fixed in accordance 
with the Usury Law Decree are to be substituted on instalments payable from the date on which such Decree came 
into force (31 December 2000) and not on instalments payable after 2 January 2001. 
The Italian Supreme Court, under decision number 350/2013 clarified that default interest is relevant for the 
purposes of determining whether an interest rate is usurious. Such interpretation is in contradiction with the current 
methodology for determining the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the 
applicable average rate never took into account the default interest rates. 
The Italian Supreme Court, under decision number 350/2013, as recently confirmed by decision number 23192/17, 
has clarified that the default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when calculating the 
aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance with the applicable 
Usury Rates. Such interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for determining the Usury Rates, 
considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average rate never took into account the 
default interest rates. 
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Covered Bonds, the amount payable to the Covered Bondholders may 
be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. 
Rules on compounding of interest (anatocismo) have been subject to different interpretation over the time 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement subsequent to such 
accrual or (b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or 
receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are 
recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy have 
traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of  judgments from Italian courts 
(including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
21095/2004, No. 4094/2005 and No. 10127/2005) have held that such practices are not uso normativo. 
Consequently, if customers of the relevant Seller were to challenge this practice and such interpretation of the 
Italian Civil Code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there could be a negative effect 
on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Law No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 
February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date 
on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest 
is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 2000. Law 
No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has 
declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of 
accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall not produce further 
interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal amount. On 8 August 2016, 
the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and Finance, in his quality of President 
of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, has been published. Given the novelty 
of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation 
may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations applicable to the 
instalments under certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the amortisation method known as 
“French amortisation” (i.e., mortgage loans with fixed instalments, made up of an amount of principal (that 
progressively increases) and an amount of interest (that decreases as repayments are calculated with a specific 
formula), triggered a violation of the Italian law provisions on the limitations on the compounding of interest 
(divieto di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated judgements, still under appeal, 
and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared that the “French amortisation” method 
does not entail an illegal compounding element. However the Issuer is not able to exclude the risk that in the future 
other judgments may follow the two isolated decisions described above. 
Mortgage Credit Directive and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for 
consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain 
aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements 
covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property. The 
Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014 and is required to be implemented in Member 
States by 21 March 2016. 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing the Mortgage 
Credit Directive. Such decree has been published on the Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 20 May 2016 
(the “Mortgage Legislative Decree”). 
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential

--- Page 73 ---
73 
mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights on a residential 
immovable assets. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides that 
without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian Civil Code, the parties may expressly agree in a specific clause at the 
closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement 
(i.e. non- payment of an amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer or 
the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the assets 
or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor in relation 
to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is 
higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the consumer. 
However, the parties may not agree to include such clause in case of subrogation in the rights arising from a loan 
agreement pursuant to article 120 quarter of the Banking Act (with reference to the subrogation, please see 
paragraph “Article 120-quater of the Banking Act” above). Moreover, the Mortgage Legislative Decree sets out 
additional provisions in relation to, inter alia, advertisements relating to the loan agreements, disclosure 
undertakings with regard to the borrowers before the execution of the loan agreements, the valuation of the 
immovable assets and certain advisory services relating to the execution of a loan agreement. According to the 
Mortgage Legislative Decree the Bank of Italy and the Ministry of Economy and Finance will enact implementing 
provisions of such decree. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380/2016”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis 
of Title VI of the Banking Act, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage 
credit and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380/2016, on 30 September 
2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and 
financial operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni 
tra intermediari e clienti). 
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such 
new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not adversely affect 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Mortgage borrower protection and relevant impacts on the Programme 
Article 120-ter of the Banking Act 
Article 120-ter of the Banking Act provides that any provisions imposing a prepayments penalty in case of early 
redemption of mortgage loans is null and void with respect to loan agreements entered into, with an individual as 
borrower for the purpose of purchasing or restructuring real estate properties destined to residential purposes or 
to carry out the borrower’s own professional or business activities.  
The Italian banking association (“ABI”) and the main national consumer associations have reached an agreement 
(the “Prepayment Penalty Agreement”) regarding the equitable renegotiation of prepayment penalties with 
certain maximum limits calculated on the outstanding amount of the loans (the “Substitutive Prepayment 
Penalty”) containing the following main provisions: (i) with respect to variable rate loan agreements, the 
Substitutive Prepayment Penalty should not exceed 0.50 per cent and should be further reduced to (a) 0.20 per 
cent in case of early redemption of the loan carried out within the third year from the final maturity date and (b) 
zero, in case of early redemption of the loan carried out within two years from the final maturity date, (ii) with 
respect to fixed rate loan agreements entered into before 1 January 2001, the Substitutive Prepayment Penalty 
should not exceed 0.50 per cent, and should be further reduced to: (a) 0.20 per cent, in case of early redemption 
of the loan carried out within the third year from the final maturity date; and (b) zero, in case of early redemption 
of the loan carried out within two years from the final maturity date, (iii) with respect to fixed rate loan agreements 
entered into after 31 December 2000, the Substitutive Prepayment Penalty should be equal to: (a) 1.90 per cent if 
the relevant early redemption is carried out in the first half of loan’s agreed duration; (b) 1.50 per cent if the 
relevant early redemption is carried out following the first half of loan’s agreed duration, provided however that 
the Substitutive Prepayment Penalty should be further reduced to: (x) 0.20 per cent, in case of early redemption

--- Page 74 ---
74 
of the loan carried out within three years from the final maturity date; and (y) zero, in case of early redemption of 
the loan carried out within two years from the final maturity date. 
The Prepayment Penalty Agreement introduces a further protection for borrowers under a “safeguard” equitable 
clause (the “Clausola di Salvaguardia”) in relation to those loan agreements which already provide for a 
prepayment penalty in an amount which is compliant with the thresholds described above. In respect of such loans, 
the Clausola di Salvaguardia provides that: (1) if the relevant loan is either: (x) a variable rate loan agreement; or 
(y) a fixed rate loan agreement entered into before 1 January 2001; the amount of the relevant prepayment penalty 
shall be reduced by 0.20 per cent; (2) if the relevant loan is a fixed rate loan agreement entered into after 31 
December 2000, the amount of the relevant prepayment penalty shall be reduced by (x) 0.25 per cent if the agreed 
amount of the prepayment penalty was equal or higher than 1.25 per cent; or (y) 0.15 per cent, if the agreed amount 
of the prepayment penalty was lower than 1.25 per cent.  
Finally the Prepayment Penalty Agreement sets out specific solutions with respect to hybrid rate loans which are 
meant to apply to the hybrid rates the provisions, as more appropriate, relating respectively to fixed rate and 
variable rate loans. 
Prospective Covered Bondholders’ attention is drawn to the fact that, as a result of the entry into force of the 
Prepayment Penalty Agreement, the rate of prepayment in respect of Mortgage Loans can be higher than the one 
traditionally experienced by the Seller for mortgage loans and that the Guarantor may not be able to recover the 
prepayment fees in the amount originally agreed with the borrowers. 
Article 120-quater of the Banking Act 
Article 120-quater of the Banking Act provides that any borrower may at any time prepay the relevant loan funding 
such prepayment by a loan granted by another lender which will be subrogated pursuant to article 1202 of the 
Italian Civil Code (surrogato per volontà del debitore) in the rights of the former lender, including the mortgages 
(without any formalities for the annotation of the transfer with the land registry, which shall be requested by 
enclosing a certified copy of the deed of subrogation (atto di surrogazione) to be made in the form of a public 
deed (atto pubblico) or of a deed certified by a notary public with respect to the signature (scrittura privata 
autenticata) without prejudice to any benefits of a fiscal nature). 
In the event that the subrogation is not completed within thirty business days from the relevant request from the 
succeeding lender to the former lender to start the relevant cooperation procedures, the original lender shall pay 
to the borrower an amount equal to 1 per cent of the amount of the loan for each month or part thereof of delay, 
provided that if the delay is due to the succeeding lender, the latter shall repay to the former lender the delay 
penalty paid by it to the borrower. 
As a consequence of the above and, as a result of the subrogation, the rate of prepayment of the Mortgage Loans 
might materially increase. 
Borrower’s right to suspend payments under a mortgage loan  
Pursuant to the combined provisions of Article 2, paragraph 475 and ff. of Italian law number 244 of 24 December 
2007, and the “Solidarity Fund for first home-owners” (Fondo di sospensione mutui per l’acquisto della prima 
casa) (the “2008 Budget Law”),  any borrower under a mortgage loan agreement executed for the purposes of 
acquiring a “first home” real estate property (unità immobiliare da adibire ad abitazione principale) giving 
evidence of its incapability to pay any instalments falling due under a mortgage loan is entitled to suspend payment 
of any such instalments for no more than two times during the life of the relevant mortgage loan and for a 
maximum duration of 18 months (the “Borrower Payment Suspension Right”). Upon exercise of the Borrower 
Payment Suspension Right the duration of the relevant mortgage loan will be extended to a period equal to the 
duration of the relevant suspension period.  
The 2008 Budget Law also provided for the establishment of a fund (so called “Fondo di solidarietà”, the “Fund”) 
created for the purpose of bearing certain costs deriving from the suspension of payments and refers to 
implementing regulation to be issued for the determination of: (i) the requirements that the borrowers must comply 
with in order to have the right to the aforementioned suspension and the subsequent aid of the Fund; and (ii) the 
formalities and operating procedures of the Fund. 
By way of Law Decree No. 18 of 17 March 2020, the provisions relating to the Solidarity Fund, which initially

--- Page 75 ---
75 
applied exclusively to employees, have been extended for a 9-month period to the self-employed and self-
employed professionals. Eligibility is subject to completing a self-certification that in any quarterly period 
following 21 February 2020, or, if shorter, the period between the date of the application and 21 February 2020, 
the relevant individual has suffered a decrease in turnover of more than 33% in the last quarter of 2019 as a result 
of the closure or restriction of its activity due to COVID-19. 
On 21 June 2010, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (Ministro dell’economia e delle finanze) adopted 
ministerial decree No. 132 (“Decree 132/2010”) detailing the requirements and formalities which any Borrower 
must comply with in order to exercise the Borrower Payment Suspension Right. 
Pursuant to Decree 132/2010, the Ministry of Economy and Finance, on 27 October 2010, issued the guidelines 
(Linee Guida) (the “Guidelines”) – published on the website www.dt.tesoro.it (for the avoidance of doubt, such 
website does not constitute part of this Prospectus) which establish the procedures that borrowers must follow in 
order to exercise the Borrower Payment Suspension Right. 
As specified in the Guidelines, pursuant to the provision of Decree 132/2010, the Borrower Payment Suspension 
Right can be granted also in favour of mortgage loans which have been subject to covered bonds transactions 
pursuant to Law 130. 
In light of the above, pursuant to the Decree of the General Director of Treasury Department of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance issued on 14 September 2010, CONSAP (Concessionaria Servizi Assicurativi S.p.A.), was 
selected as managing company of the Fund. The request to access to the aid granted by the Fund must be presented 
by borrowers starting from 15 November 2010, by using the relevant form of suspension-request duly prepared in 
compliance with the Guidelines and accompanied by the relevant documentation indicated therein. 
Any borrower who complies with the requirements set out in Decree 132/2010 and the Guidelines, has the right 
to suspend the payment of the instalments of its Mortgage Loans up to 18 months. 
The agreement entered into on 18 December 2009 between the Italian Banking Association (Associazione 
Bancaria Italiana - ABI) and the Consumers Associations (Associazioni dei Consumatori) along with the relevant 
technical document attached therein adhered by the Issuer on 27 January 2010 (the “Piano Famiglie”) provides 
for a 12-month period suspension of payment of instalments relating to mortgage loans, where requested by the 
relevant Debtor during the period from 1 February 2010 to 31 March 2013. The suspension is allowed only where 
the following events have occurred: (i) termination of employment relationship; (ii) termination of employment 
relationships regulated under Article 409 No. 3 of the Italian civil procedure code; (iii) death or the occurrence of 
conditions pertaining to non-self sufficiency; and/or (iv) suspension from work or reduced working hours for a 
period of at least 30 days. The relevant events satisfying the subjective requirements must have occurred in respect 
of the relevant Debtor during the period from 1 January 2009 to 31 December 2012. The suspension can be 
requested on one occasion only, provided that the mortgage loans are granted for amounts not exceeding €150,000, 
granted for the purchase, construction or renovation of a primary residence (mutui prima casa), including: (i) 
mortgage loans assigned under securitisation or covered bond transactions pursuant to Law 130, (ii) renegotiated 
mortgage loans and (iii) mortgage loans whereby the relevant lender was subrogated. Finally, in order to obtain 
such suspension of payments, the borrower shall have an income not exceeding €40,000 per year. The document 
clarifies that, in the context of a securitisation or covered bond transaction, the special purpose vehicle, or the 
Issuer acting on its behalf, can adhere to the Piano Famiglie. The suspension can be limited to principal instalments 
only or can encompass both principal and interest instalments. 
On 31 January 2012 ABI and the consumers’ associations entered into a convention (Nuovo Accordo) that provides 
that the suspension of payment of instalments relating to mortgage loans may be applied for by 31 July 2012. Such 
convention amended the following conditions to be met in order to benefit from the suspension: (i) the conditions 
to benefit from the Piano Famiglie must be met by 30 June 2012; and (ii) the payment delays of instalments cannot 
exceed 90 days (instead of 180 days). 
On 31 July 2012 ABI and the consumers’ associations entered into a “Protocollo d’intesa”, amending the “Nuovo 
Accordo” above mentioned as follows: 
1) 
the final term to apply for the suspension of payment has been postponed to the earlier of (i) the date on 
which regulations implementing the Art. 2, paragraph 475 and followings of Law number 244 of 24 
December 2007 relating to the Fund will be issued, and (ii) 31 January 2013.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
2) 
the final term to meet the conditions necessary to benefit from the suspension of payment has been 
postponed to the earlier of(i) the date on which regulations implementing the Art. 2, paragraph 475 and 
followings of Law number 244 of 24 December 2007 relating to the Fund will be issued, and (ii) 31 
December 2012. 
Furthermore, on 30 January 2013, ABI and the consumers’ associations entered into a new “Protocollo d’intesa” 
amending the aforementioned conventions, which provided that the suspension of payment of instalments relating 
to mortgage loans may be applied for no later than 31 March 2013 and, in order to benefit from the suspension, 
(i) the conditions must be met by 28 February 2013 and (ii) the payment delays of instalments cannot exceed 90 
days. 
Finally, pursuant to Article 8, paragraph 6, of Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011, converted into law by law No. 
106 of 12 July 2011 (the “Decreto Sviluppo”), certain borrowers may achieve (i) a renegotiation of mortgage 
loans which may result in the amendment of the interest calculation method from floating rate to fixed rate and 
(ii) the extension of the applicable amortisation plan of the relevant mortgage loan for a period not longer than 
five years, provided that, as a result of such extension, the residual duration of the relevant mortgage loan does 
not exceed a period equal to 25 years. 
Article 1, paragraph 48, let. (c) of Italian law No. 147, dated 27 December 2013 introduced, inter alios, a special 
fund (Fondo di garanzia per la prima casa, hereinafter referred to as the “Fondo Prima Casa”) with the Ministry 
of Economic and Finance, implemented by Ministerial Decree dated 31 July 2014, whereby first demand, 
unconditional and irrevocable guarantees may be granted with respect to mortgage loans, with amounts not 
exceeding 250,000 Euro, granted by banks and financial intermediaries for purchasing and restructuring a primary 
residence (prima casa) in Italy.  
Such guarantees may be granted up to 50% of the quota capital of the relevant loan and with priority to young 
couples, persons with children under the age of 18 years, tenants of council houses as well as people under the age 
of 35 years with an atypical job relation (rapporto di lavoro atipico) pursuant to article 1 of Italian law No. 92, 
dated 28 June 2012.  
Furthermore, on 8 October 2014 ABI and the Ministry of Economic and Finance entered into a “Protocollo 
d’intesa” for the purposes of allowing banks and financial intermediaries to grant loans assisted by the Fondo 
Prima Casa. 
Moreover, on 31 March 2015, ABI and the consumers’ associations entered into a new agreement (accordo per 
la sospensione del credito alle famiglie) which provides for the suspension, for a period not exceeding 12 months, 
of payment of the quota capital of certain kinds of loans (i.e. (a) consumer loans with a maturity of more than 24 
months, and (b) in some cases, mortgage loans on the principal residence) granted in favour of families. On 27 
November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ associations, in order to provide continuity to the abovementioned 
measures, have agreed to extend the agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the Italian Banking 
Association (Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI) and the Associations representing companies signed a new 
Credit Agreement (Accordo per il Credito 2019) providing for the introduction of some adjustments to the 
measures addressed to “Enterprises in Recovery", relating to the suspension and extension of loans to small and 
medium-sized enterprises, provided for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the “2019 Italian Credit Agreement”). 
Additional measures connected with the COVID-19 outbreak were introduced on 6 March 2020 and 22 May 2020 
through an addendum to the 2019 Italian Credit Agreement in order to extend the provisions contained therein to 
facilities outstanding as of 31 January 2020 granted in favour of otherwise sound companies negatively impacted 
by a temporary interruption/reduction of activity as a consequence of COVID-19. 
In general terms, eligible subjects may ask for such suspension, only one time and within 31 July 2018, and only 
if the events specified in the agreement occur (such as dismissal, reduction or suspension of the working schedule, 
or death). Such suspension may be granted also to families who have already taken advantage of such moratorium 
in the previous years, unless the moratorium was requested in the last 24 months. 
Prospective investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that the potential effects of the suspension schemes and the 
impact thereof on the amortisation and prepayment profile of the Portfolio cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at 
the date of this Prospectus. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans

--- Page 77 ---
77 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 126”) 
which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans granted for the 
purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and the 
ABI (Italian Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of 
such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied under 
the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original final 
maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or 
taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment due 
after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The 
difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the 
borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a bank 
account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS (interest 
rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, each of them 
calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank account. After the 
original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account will be repaid by the 
borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation 
plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate 
applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity 
date of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in accordance with the 
Convention. 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such proposal has been accepted 
by the relevant client, with reference to the instalments which fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage borrower protection” 
above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning 
the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required in order to maintain the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services 
for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor Servicer may be) 
appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance with the 
Tests. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its respective obligations under the relevant agreement 
to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such 
realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately 
administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, 
then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the relevant Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that 
a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in administering the Cover Pool would be found who would be 
willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of a Successor 
Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software 
and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer may 
affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely manner. 
Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer under the 
Servicing Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and the Covered Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To protect the Guarantor 
from (a) the basis risk and (b) the interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may in the future enter into 
any Mortgage Pool Swaps with one or more Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties on the relevant Issue Date. In 
addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk, basis risk or (to the extent that Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro) currency risks in respect of amounts received under the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps and amounts to be paid in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor may in the future enter into 
Covered Bond Swaps with one or more Covered Bond Swap Counterparties. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will (unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap 
Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the 
Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. If 
the relevant Swap Counterparty fails to provide the Guarantor with all amounts (denominated in the relevant 
currency) owing to the Guarantor (if any) on any payment date under the relevant Swap Agreement, or should the 
relevant swap transactions be otherwise terminated, then the Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant 
currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, subject to 
confirmation by the Rating Agency, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the potential risk and, in such 
circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a 
termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will 
be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or, if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the 
replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Swap Agreements may provide that, notwithstanding the 
relevant Swap Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and failure by such Swap Counterparty to 
take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate such Swap 
Agreement until a replacement swap counterparty has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor 
will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite 
ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment 
may rank pari passu with (or, under certain circumstances, ahead of) certain amounts due on the Covered Bonds 
and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination 
payment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under 
the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
(a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due under the relevant Mortgage Loans; 
(b) 
changes to the lending criteria of any of the Sellers; 
(c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised in the

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Cover Pool; 
(d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
(e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
(f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate not mitigated by the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
(g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
(h) 
timing for the relevant sale of assets;  
(i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and 
(j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
being unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory Tests, 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an 
adequate amount of assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and, accordingly, it is expected (although there is no 
assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been challenged 
recently in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a secured creditor (in 
that case, a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities breach the “anti-deprivation” 
principle under English and U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that 
deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was argued that, where a secured creditor subordinates 
itself to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that secured creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The 
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc 2011 UKSC 38 (the “Perpetual Case”) 
unanimously upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding the validity 
of a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security document, stating that, provided that such clause 
forms part of a commercial transaction entered into in good faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, 
or one of its main purposes, the deprivation of one of the properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-
deprivation principle was not breached by such provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman 
Brothers Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings 
Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip clause and held that 
such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that creditor files 
for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US Bankruptcy Code. Whilst leave to appeal was granted, the 
proceedings in the United States were settled before an appeal was heard. Therefore concerns still remain that the 
U.S. courts will diverge in their approach. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located in 
a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign insolvency 
proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common law principles. 
Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus in respect of multi-
jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty as 
to whether the English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the Priorities of 
Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such litigation results in 
a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is possible that termination 
payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities of Payments 
and as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders in full may be adversely affected. There 
is a particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency

--- Page 80 ---
80 
proceedings outside of England and Wales.  
 
4. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NATURE OF THE COVERED BONDS 
4.1 
Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without 
any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit 
from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to serve a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor 
pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement. The occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test 
and the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor all outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds shall become Pass Through Series and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-
Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. A Guarantor Event of Default would entitle the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Guarantor Default Notice and accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or their officers,

--- Page 81 ---
81 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. The 
Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the 
Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, 
employees, security holders or incorporators. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor 
Event of Default; (b) directing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Notice to Pay or a 
Guarantor Default Notice or otherwise instructing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take 
enforcement action against the Guarantor and/or, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer; (c) cancelling, reducing 
or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; (d) altering the 
priority of payments of interest on the Covered Bonds and of principal; (e) exchanging the Covered Bonds for 
other securities; and (e) any other amendments to the Transaction Documents. Certain resolutions are required to 
be passed as Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to take any enforcement). Any Programme Resolution action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of 
all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be resolved upon at a meeting of Covered 
Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution taken by Covered Bondholders of all Series will be 
binding on all Covered Bondholders irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the 
Programme Resolution.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting will bind each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of whether 
they attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making: 
(a) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of 
any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; or 
(b) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error 
or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an 
error which is proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with 
mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of 
complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the MEF Decree, the Law 130, 
the BoI Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
It shall also be noted that, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in 
accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Guarantor 
and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings 
against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may 
commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 82 ---
82 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, 
authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent of the principal amount outstanding of 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed “Selected 
aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction” below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any 
obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes 
it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors 
should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually 
performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
Under the BoI Regulations, Integration (as defined below), through Subsequent Portfolios, shall be carried out in 
accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations (see the section headed 
“Selected aspects of Italian law – Tests set out in the MEF Decree” below). 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying 
with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual over-collateralisation 
requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements (such as the over-collateralisation requirements set 
out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in respect of the Asset Coverage Test); or (c) complying with 
the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations 
and specified above. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds other than Registered Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds included 
in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Covered 
Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set out in full in 
this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which applies and/or disapplies 
and/or completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and 
conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form, from time to time, 
agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. Such 
legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Assignment Agreement, the related 
Registered Covered Bonds Rules Agreement and the letter of appointment of (i) any Registered Paying Agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds and (ii) the Registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set 
of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on the 
laws of the Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash Management

--- Page 83 ---
83 
and Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of England) in effect as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the laws 
of Italy or of England or administrative practice in the relevant jurisdictions after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus 
containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the 
Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect 
such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on 
the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 
2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU (the “2019/2162 Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the 
“2019/2160 Regulation”). 
The 2019/2160 Regulation and the 2019/2162 Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered bonds 
and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in particular, 
the new 2019/2160 Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR to strengthen the quality of the covered 
bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new 2019/2162 Directive aims to harmonize the regulation 
and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Member States will have to implement the 2019/2162 Directive by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions 
will apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The 2019/2160 Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022.  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not capable of assessing the potential negative impact that the 
application of the above provisions will have on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Programme and the Covered Bonds.  
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official interpretations after 
the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds may be 
affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be 
no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described 
in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can 
any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there can be 
no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. If an active or liquid 
secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide 
Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a 
buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired 
yield. If, therefore, a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and investors may not be able to sell their 
Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have 
a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for bonds that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to 
meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of bonds generally would have 
a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have 
a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these circumstances, pricing 
information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such Covered Bonds may be 
adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its Covered Bonds at any time at fair 
market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted by country-specific 
reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (b) the 
Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (c) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as 
some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, 
investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Changes or uncertainty in respect of Euribor may affect the value or payment of interest under the Covered 
Bonds 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including LIBOR and EURIBOR) are the subject 
of recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable linked to or referencing such a “benchmark”. Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmark Regulation”) was 
published in the Official Journal of the EU on 29 June 2016 and has applied since 1 January 2018. The Benchmark 
Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a 
benchmark within the EU. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a “benchmark”, including any of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions 
as being applicable linked to or referencing LIBOR and/or EURIBOR or referencing the relevant swap rate for

--- Page 85 ---
85 
swap transactions in the Specified Currency (as specified in the relevant Final Terms), in particular, if the 
methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the 
Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or 
otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
the “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Covered Bond linked to or referencing a “benchmark”. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 27 July 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial 
Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced that it does not intend to continue to persuade, or use its 
powers to compel, panel banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 
2021. The announcement indicates that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 
2021. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR 
submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forwards. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it 
did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Other interbank offered rates such as 
EURIBOR (together with LIBOR, the “IBORs”) suffer from similar weaknesses to LIBOR and as a result 
(although no deadline has been set for their discontinuation), they may be discontinued or be subject to changes 
in their administration. 
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on of 
Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable which reference 
such IBOR will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such Covered 
Bonds. Depending on the manner in which the relevant IBOR rate is to be determined under the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds”, this may (i) if ISDA Determination applies, be reliant upon the provision by 
reference banks of offered quotations for the relevant IBOR rate which, depending on market circumstances, may 
not be available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies, result in the effective application 
of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous period when the relevant IBOR was available. Any 
of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Covered Bonds whose 
Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable which reference the relevant IBOR. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer or failing that, 
by the Issuer, and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the 
ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding 
Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for of Covered Bonds whose 
Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable based on the rate which was last observed 
on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates 
and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that 
amendments to the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” and the other Programme Documents are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or 
to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued 
by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of Covered Bondholders, as provided by Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions). 
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant

--- Page 86 ---
86 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the of Covered Bonds whose Final 
Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable or could have a material adverse effect on the 
value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable. Investors should consider these matters with their own independent 
advisers when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms 
specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered 
Bonds. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds.  
For Moody’s, the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss that Covered Bondholders may 
suffer. 
The data and information for the explanation of the factors addressed by Moody’s have been sourced from 
Moody’s. Such data and information has been accurately reproduced and insofar as the Issuer is aware and is able 
to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bond will be treated as having been issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the UK and registered under the CRA Regulation 
will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus 
have been issued by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. which is established in the European Union and registered 
under the CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation published on the website of ESMA pursuant to the CRA Regulation (for more information please visit 
the ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).   
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU or in the UK 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to 
transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or the UK and registered under 
the CRA Regulation (or is endorsed and published or distributed by subscription by such a credit rating agency in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA or the UK but endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA or the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA or the 
UK which is certified under the CRA Regulation. 
Any rating agency may lower, at any point in time, its rating or withdraw its rating if, inter alia, in the sole 
judgment of such rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined. If any rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structural, market and additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency at 
any time. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged by 
the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may charge 
fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds and custody services and 
on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to investigate the 
basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
4.2 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, they 
will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will constitute a 
new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and 
will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer Event 
of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will 
accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able 
to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, shall 
be granted an interest income consisting of the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which 
difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that 
the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon covered 
bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to respond to a greater degree to 
market interest rate changes than interest-bearing covered bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the 
remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-
bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
5. 
TAX RISKS 
No gross-up for taxes 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding of, or deduction of any present 
or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall 
not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
 
VAT Group 
Italian Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the 
creation of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential Decree 
No. 633 of 26 October 1972) (“VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 January 
2019. Pursuant to such rules, the entity acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the exercise of the 
rights and obligations arising from the application of the VAT Group Regime provisions. and all other entities 
included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative vis-à-vis the Italian 
Tax Authority for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority 
in respect of the VAT provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter No. 19 whereby it has specified – with 
respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) – that funds, as pools of 
segregated assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties as a 
consequence of the settlement and audit activities of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT payment 
obligations specifically related to their own assets. Nevertheless, it has not been expressly specified that the same 
limitation applies also to the assets held by a covered bond guarantor or a securitisation vehicle.  
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) 
with effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for each subsequent 
year unless revoked. Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has 
undertaken to hold harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, 
damages, fines, penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as a result of its participation in the 
VAT group to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the exception of those costs, expenses, interests, 
penalties, liabilities and other charges which are directly attributable to the Guarantor on its ordinary course of 
business and without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the Issuer as “rappresentante“ of the VAT group in 
accordance with the 2017 Budget Law. 
EACH HOLDER OF COVERED BONDS SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN 
A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND TO LEARN HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT 
EACH HOLDER IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCE. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the risks described above are the main risks inherent in the holding of 
Covered Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond may occur for other reason which 
may not be considered significant risk by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on information currently available 
to them or which they may not currently be able to anticipate. While the various structural elements described in 
this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there 
can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered 
Bonds of any Series of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall 
be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191143065/Article+of+Association.pdf/622ad5c3-
8a10-97d1-49ce-4dd921339650?version=1.0&t=1602155364481&download=true;  
2. 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof that can be obtained at the wepage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+by-
law_English.pdf/733de8e3-004e-eb20-be20-
f3b44f58c64e?version=1.0&t=1576246409544&download=true;    
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, that 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2020.pdf/e9e0cae3-4670-7f7e-94b8-
c211dc7423c4?version=1.0&t=1599140201210&download=true;  
4. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (not including any review report) as at 31 
March 
2020, 
that 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+interim+report+on+operatio
ns+as+at+31+March+2020.pdf/4de72291-8673-156a-b4e8-
73e3a27a194a?version=1.0&t=1594638055390&download=true;   
5. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Annual+Report+2019.pdf/b8a138e9-9368-
0fc5-c209-63c59d4a7ad1?version=1.0&t=1591217493567&download=true;  
6. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2019, that 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Consolidated+Half-
Year+Report+as+at+30+June+2019.pdf/06cc741d-6ccc-c2fd-4686-
b315791471d8?version=1.1&t=1570206923426&download=true; 
7. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018, that can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191236001/Annual+Report+2018.pdf/63651c7d-561d-
c7b2-da3e-c5db2c7f42ca?version=1.0&t=1561666553367&download=true; 
8. 
BPER Group press release dated 4 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as 
at 
30 
September 
2020”, 
that 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/0/20.11.04+Press+release+BPER+Group+Results+9M
20+with+annexes.pdf/b324610c-517c-2269-304a-825590fc1a88?t=1604508791578; 
9. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can be obtained 
at 
the 
webpage:

--- Page 90 ---
90 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2019+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/5794b760-8b08-86c7-b723-
fae7655714ff?version=1.0&t=1600757088736&download=true; and 
10. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018, that can be obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2018+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/22b52cc7-1514-5dba-ba47-
490cd685f70e?version=1.0&t=1576246408623&download=true.  
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(ii) the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report 
(including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; (iv) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on 
operations (not including any review report) as at 31 March 2020; (v) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; (vi) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report 
(including limited review report) as at 30 June 2019; (vii) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2018; (viii) the BPER Group press release dated 4 November 2020 entitled 
“Consolidated interim report on operations as at 30 September 2020”; (ix) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2019; and (x) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including 
the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2018. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as 
at 30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 103 
 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 104 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 105 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
Pages 107-108 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments  
Pages 109-245

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Page 251 (reference 
is to the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim 
report on operations (not including any 
review report) as at 31 March 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 71 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 72 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 73 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 74 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments  
Pages 75-135 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 110-111 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 112 
 
Consolidated statement of  other 
comprehensive income 
Page 113 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 114 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 115-116 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments  
Pages 117-466 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 471 to 480 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as 
at 30 June 2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
Page 91 
 
Consolidated income statement 
Page 92 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 93

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 94 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
Pages 95-96 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachements 
Pages 97-220 
 
Limited review independent 
auditors’ report 
Page 223 (reference 
is to the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2018 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 104-105 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 107 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 108 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows 
Pages 109-110 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachements  
Pages 111-431 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 438-448 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group press release dated 4 
November 2020 entitled “Consolidated 
interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2020” 
Entire Document 
All 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2019 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Income statement 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
 
 
Page 13 
Page 13 
Page 14 
Page 15

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Statement of cash flow 
Explanatory notes 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 16-17 
Pages 18-67 
Pages 68-70 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2018 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Income statement 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Statement of changes in equity 
Cash flow statement 
Explanatory notes 
Independent auditor’s report 
 
 
 
Page 13 
Page 13 
Page 14 
Page 15 
Pages 16 
Pages 17-63 
Pages 64-66 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified 
several alternative performance measures (“APM”). The management believes that these APMs provide useful 
information for investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, 
because they facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base 
Prospectus contains alternative performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the 
management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance. 
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2020, 31 March 2020, 31 December 2019, 30 June 2019 and 31 December 
2018. 
It should be noted that:  
(i) the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of the 
future performance;  
(ii) the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of 
BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measure of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance with IFRS 
or any other generally accepted accounting principles; 
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, the Issuer’s unaudited

--- Page 94 ---
94 
consolidated interim report on operations (not including any review report) as at 31 March 2020; the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2019 and the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; 
(v) since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER Group 
may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance should not be 
placed on these data;  
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as not incorporated by reference 
and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference relating to the Issuer’s by-laws and the Guarantor’s by-laws contains 
additional information which is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council as regards the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) 
No 809/2004 (“Commission Regulation 2019/980”). 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Regulation 2019/980. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020 and 30 
June 2019 have been subject to limited review by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as 
independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 
have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in its reports 
thereon.  
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2018 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Guarantor, as indicated in its 
reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy, and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. 
The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by 
reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditor 
of the Issuer, Deloitte. The Guarantor takes responsibility for the translation of the balance sheets, statements of 
income and notes of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, whereas the 
translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditor of the Guarantor, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation 
(EC) 1606/2002.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained at the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified 
office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 96 ---
96 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by the above mentioned article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that, if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto 
as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall 
have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           Covered 
    Bondholders 
OBG 
Italian Covered Bond Framework 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
Estense CPT Covered  
Bond s.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Transfer of Cover Pool 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
    Swap  
Cashflows 
Asset Monitor

--- Page 98 ---
98 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER  
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, 
or the “Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), 
operating in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent 
company of the BPER Banca banking Group (the “BPER Group”), which was incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its final term ends on 
1 December 2100 and may be extended. BPER officially entered in the Bank of Italy’s registers of 
banking groups on 7 August 1992 (Group No. 5387.6). The change of denomination from Banca 
popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the 
Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 
2021111). BPER is registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the 
Chamber of Commerce of Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the Issue Date was Euro 2,100,435,182.40 
divided into 1,413,263,512 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 
2021). 
Since June 2009, following the inclusion of the Expandi market within the main market (MTA), which 
was implemented by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as part of the broader rationalisation of Italy’s financial 
markets, BPER’s shares have been listed in the “Blue Chip” segment of the MTA (comprising the 72 
largest companies measured by capitalisation). As of the date when the “Blue Chip” segment was 
substituted by the FTSE MIB BPER’s shares have been included in this stock market index. 
In September 2009, BPER’s shares were included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600, a major European 
index. This index is used as a benchmark by numerous European funds and is the underlying benchmark 
for futures contracts traded on the Frankfurt derivatives exchange.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena, a mutual company, whose 
founding objective was the financing of artisan and local business activities. In 1983, it was merged 
with Banca Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In January 1992, 
the BPER acquired Banca Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna”), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), 
consolidating its presence in Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 
1995, of Banca Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano 
S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca 
Popolare di Crotone”). 
In 1996, BPER and Banca Popolare di Ravenna set up Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna (Europe) 
International S.A., successively named BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a., whose headquarters are located 
in Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private banking, investment management and corporate 
banking services. The private banking and investment management services are offered to international 
clients, including a wide array of specialized and tailor made services, such as investment advice and 
discretionary portfolio management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the 
share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.. 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone 
merged to form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare 
del Mezzogiorno”). Prior to the 2008 merger, BPER acquired, through Banca Popolare del Materano, 
three small banks located in the South of Italy, notably, Banca Popolare della Val d’Agri S.p.A. and 
Banca Popolare del Sinni S.p.A. (both of which merged with Banca Popolare del Materano in 2000 and

--- Page 99 ---
99 
2001, respectively) and Banca Popolare di Castrovillari e Corigliano Calabro S.p.A. which, in 2002, 
was merged by incorporation with Banca Popolare di Crotone. 
In 1998, BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A., which merged with Banca della 
Campania S.p.A. (“Banca della Campania”) on 28 December 2006. At the end of 1998, BPER 
acquired approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). 
The acquisition, in 1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa 
di Risparmio dell’Aquila S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. 
(“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and 
Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001, BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), 
creating one of the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 
1,000 branches and more than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to 
form the banking entity Banca della Campania. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. by purchasing the remaining shares 
from Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.A.. BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved to commence the merger 
by incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A.. Sardaleasing S.p.A. is a company 
operating in all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region, originally owned by 
Banco di Sardegna, BPER and other minority shareholders. The merger was successfully completed in 
June 2014 and in the same month BPER acquired direct control of the company.  
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. 
In November 2005, BPER increased its shareholding in Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. to 94.49 per 
cent. 
In 2005, BPER – through an investment in a holding company (Finbanche d’Abruzzo S.p.A.) – 
indirectly increased its equity interest in both Carispaq and BPLS. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
At the end of 2008, the BPER acquired 36 branches from three banks part of the Unicredito Italiano 
banking group (Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., BIPOP Carire S.p.A. and Banca di Roma S.p.A.). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. 
As a result, BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. 
(“BNT”), a bank specialised in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA 
Assicurazioni S.p.A, which specialises in non-life insurance. The latter two companies were already 
BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such 
reorganisation, the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in 
equal shares among the four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set 
up in accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large 
part of the existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan 
contracts granted and/or held by BNT. 
The notes, issued by the SPV in a single tranche, were subscribed by the member banks of BNT 
substantially in proportion to their respective interests. 
In June 2010, BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca 
Vita to Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In 2009, the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca 
Italease”). The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release 
S.p.A. (“Release”) and Alba Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and 
liabilities of Banca Italease were contributed to these companies, in particular, its impaired assets went 
to Release, while its performing loans deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In July 2010, the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER, its parent company, was approved.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
On 17 February 2012, BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The 
objects of the company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to 
provide advice on trust matters. The company commenced business in the early 2013.  
In November 2012 it took place the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER. 
In January 2013, BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of 
Carispaq, BPLS and BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully 
concluded the merger of the Merged Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to 
implement a major project of internal reorganisation, notably, the absorption of three subsidiary banks 
(Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna) by BPER. 
In February 2013, BPER completed process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra 
S.p.A. (“CR Bra”). As a result, CR Bra was included within the scope of Group’s consolidation. 
A new company, part of the BPER Group, was set up in December 2015 – BPER Credit Management 
s.cons.p.a. – in order to review the model for handling non-performing loans. The corporate purpose of 
the company is “the recovery and management of non-performing loans and any other operations 
designed to facilitate their disposal and/or collection”, became operative since January 2016. 
In 2016, BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – 
originally a subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – transferring 55 
branches from Banca di Sassari to Banco di Sardegna with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari to 
focus on consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca 
di Sassari changed its name in Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016, BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. 
(“CR Saluzzo”), thus increasing its shareholding from 31.02% to 80%. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR 
Saluzzo into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
On 30 June 2017, BPER completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Nuova Cassa di 
Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”) from the Single Resolution Fund. 
In November 2017, the merger through absorption of Nuova Carife into BPER took place, with 
accounting and tax effects having been backdated as of July 2017. 
BPER Group's Non Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of 
bad loans at a Group level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 
years, of which approximately Euro 3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori 
Sardegna” and “AQUI”) were finalised within 2018. 
The Board of Directors of BPER approved the Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon, which 
took into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the SREP Decision 
2018. 
More recently, on 7 July 2020, the Group completed the sale to an institutional investor of 95% of the 
mezzanine and junior tranches of securities issued as part of the SPRING bad loan securitisation, with 
a gross book value of €1.2 billion as at 30 September 2019 (“SPRING”). 
The conclusion of this sale process entailed a significant improvement in the gross NPE ratio of the 
BPER Group. 
SPRING, along with 4Mori Sardegna and AQUI, constituted the third securitisation transaction of non-
performing loans assisted by GACS State guarantee at Group level. These transactions, together with 
the sale of a portfolio to UnipolRec for approximately €1.0 billion carried out in 2019, brought the 
overall gross book value of the portfolio disposals of bad debts to approximately €5.0 billion since 2018 
to July 2020. 
On 22 July 2019, BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca 
Holding") auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in LCA and Veneto 
Banca S.p.A. in LCA, for a total of 39.99% of the share capital of Arca Holding, which in turn holds all 
the shares of Arca Fondi SGR.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
On 25 July 2019, BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share 
capital and a stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER 
currently holds 100% of the ordinary share capital and, approximately, 91.18% of the preferred shares. 
On 31 July 2019, BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group 
S.p.A. and UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
From 25 November 2019, the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER 
was effective. Therefore, from such date assets and liabilities of Unipol Banca were taken over by 
BPER. 
On 17 February 2020 BPER announced it entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
(“ISP”) pursuant to which, upon completion of the voluntary public exchange offer launched by the 
same ISP on the entire share capital of UBI Banca, BPER will purchase a going concern composed of 
approximately 1.2 million clients distributed on 400/500 banking branches, prevailingly located in the 
northern Italy, and of assets, liabilities and other legal relationships referable to such clients. 
On 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 BPER announced subsequent and supplementary agreements 
aiming at defining more precisely the perimeter of the going concern to be acquired. 
On 7 August 2020 the Italian Competition Authority announced that it authorised the acquisition by 
BPER of a going concern from ISP consisting of 532 branches and related legal relationships. 
On 3 September 2020 BPER announced that it received the authorisation from the European Central 
Bank for the acquisition from ISP of the going concern. 
On 22 April 2020 BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, separate 
and consolidated financial statement for 2019 and the proposal to grant the Board of Directors the power 
to increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the 
announced transaction with ISP.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Strategy 
2019-2021 Business Plan 
On 28 February 2019, the BPER Group approved and presented to the market its three-year 
development plan, known as the “BPER 2021 Strategic Plan” (the “Plan”). 
The Plan is divided into three pillars: 
1. growth and development of the business with a particular focus on Bancassurance, Wealth 
Management and Business Global Advisory, as well as Consumer Credit; 
2. strong increase in operational efficiency and simplification; and 
3. acceleration of de-risking and further capital strengthening. 
 
Following the extraordinary corporate transactions in February 2019, the growth trajectory of the BPER 
Group accelerated considerably during 2019 and 2020. 
Evolution of the operating machine and organisational simplification 
The Plan focuses strongly on cost containment, to be achieved through rationalisation and simplification 
of the distribution model, corporate structure and internal processes, as well as by optimising the size 
of the workforce and reducing organisational complexity. Finally, further cost synergies are envisaged 
by creating a centre to specialise in the real estate sector (“Active Real Estate Management”). 
This took and will take place through: 
 
evolution of the distribution model, reorganising the territorial footprint and introducing new 
branch formats; 
 
rationalisation and simplification of the Group's corporate structure by BPER absorbing Unipol 
Banca, as was done in November 2019, and Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio 
di Saluzzo, as was done in July 2020, creating a complete range of product companies, 
strengthening the consumer credit company;  
 
the optimisation of operations and the continuous IT evolution with the aim of increasing 
process productivity through the dematerialisation and creation of control and governance tools, 
the activation of robotics systems and Artificial Intelligence, extension of the use of cloud 
technologies to promote commercial effectiveness and operational efficiency; and 
 
staff reduction of 1,300 resources by 2021; 
 
the above mentioned transaction with ISP. 
 
Acceleration of de-risking, confirming maximum capital solidity 
The de-risking process, already undertaken by BPER in recent years, is expected to be further 
strengthened thanks to the introduction of new credit management processes, with particular focus on 
the continuation of activities aimed at reducing non-performing loans. In addition to the evolution of 
the credit management process, both in the underwriting phase and in the proactive management of

--- Page 103 ---
103 
ordinary loans at the first signs of anomaly (also through the anticipated use of forbearance) and 
recovery of non-performing loans (efficiency of the work-out and outsourcing process). 
Operations to strengthen capital and capital management actions 
Under BPER Euro Medium Term Notes programme, a Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued in May 
2017 for a total aggregate amount of Euro 500 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives 
the issuer a call option for its early redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon 
of 5.125% for the first 5 years, with a subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue was placed 
entirely with institutional investors. 
In July 2019, as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna as described here above, 
BPER Board of Directors, on the basis of the power granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting 
held on 4 July 2019, resolved upon a capital increase for 33,000,000 newly issued BPER ordinary 
shares. Consequently, since 25 July 2019 the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,542,925,305.00 divided 
into 514,308,435 shares. On the same date, again as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di 
Sardegna, BPER issued an "Additional Tier 1" convertible bond for a nominal amount of Euro 
150,000,000, which was simultaneously and entirely subscribed for a total price of Euro 180,000,000. 
On 7 November 2019 the Board of Directors of BPER, in the context of the resolutions concerning the 
voluntary public exchange offer on the saving shares of Banco di Sardegna, resolved to exercise the 
powers granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting held on 4 July 2019, concerning a capital 
increase against payment, in divisible form, to service such offer. The Board of Directors resolved upon 
a capital increase for a maximum of 7,883,368 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. 
On 20 December 2019 BPER announced that 6,319,513 BPER ordinary shares were issued the day 
before as a result of  the capital increase in order to serve the above offer. Consequently, since 19 
December 2019 the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,561,883,844.00 divided into 520,627,948 shares. 
On 30 July 2020 Banco di Sardegna Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting and Banco di Sardegna 
Special Saving and Preferred Shareholders Meeting were held. As a result, inter alia, the conversion of 
Banco di Sardegna saving shares into preferred shares was approved. Once the process was completed 
the relevant Banco di Sardegna Articles of Association was duly updated and the full delisting of Banco 
di Sardegna saving shares duly followed. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR 
Saluzzo into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
As a result of CR Bra’s absorption, the share capital of the BPER increased by Euro 3,712,500 through 
the issue of 1,237,500 BPER common shares, by simultaneously amending Article 5 of the Articles of 
Association. No effect on BPER's share capital derived from the incorporation of CR Saluzzo as it was 
fully owned. 
The above mentioned right issue approved in order to fund the transaction with ISP was successfully 
completed on October 2020: 891.398.064 new common shares offered were fully subscribed for an 
amount of Euro 802,258,257.60. Consequently, since 28 October 2020 the share capital of BPER is 
Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided into 1,413,263,512 shares. 
A Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued under BPER Euro Medium Term Notes programme in 
November 2020 for a total aggregate amount of Euro 400 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years 
and gives the issuer a call option for its early redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a

--- Page 104 ---
104 
fixed coupon of 3.625% for the first 5 years, with a subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue 
was placed entirely with institutional investors. 
In accordance with the relative offer documentation, BPER forwarded a request to the ECB for 
authorisation to exercise the call option on the subordinated bond "Banca Popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Subordinato Tier II 4.25% 15/06/2015 - 15/06/2025 Callable", with consequent early 
redemption of the aforementioned bond at par.  
Having obtained the relevant authorisation, as announced on 4 December 2020, the bond were repaid 
in advance of the deadline of 15 June 2025 and the resulting amount were credited with a value date of 
15 December 2020.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 September 2020 (i.e. after CR Bra and CR Saluzzo absorption) is 
as shown here below.  
 
SITUATION AS AT 30/09/2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100.000% 
BPER Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
100.000% 
 
78.547% 
 
Bibanca S.p.A. 
99.069% 
 
20.522% 
 
 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
57.061% 
(d) 
Emilia Romagna Factor 
S.p.A. 
95.954% 
 
Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. 
100.000% 
(a) 
 
 
 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
100.000% 
Estense CPT Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
60.000% 
(c) 
 
Tholos S.p.A. 
100.000% 
 
 
Nadia S.p.A. 
100.000% 
Modena Terminal S.r.l. 
100.000% 
Numera S.p.A. 
100.000% 
 
 
 
 
Optima S.p.A. - SIM 
100.000% 
BPER Trust Company 
S.p.A. 
100.000% 
(c) 
 
52.741% 
 
Sardaleasing  S.p.A. 
99.674% 
 
46.933% 
 
 
Estense Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
60.000% 
(c) 
 
70.000% 
BPER Credit 
Management S.C.p.A. 
100.000% 
(b) 
 
20.000% 
 
 
 
a)  Equivalent to 98.677% of the entire Share Capital consisting of 
ordinary, preference and savings shares, the latter being non 
voting shares. 
 
b)  The following Companies are also shareholders of BPER Credit 
Management S.C.p.A.: 
- Sardaleasing S.p.A. (6.000%); 
- Bibanca S.p.A. (3.000%); 
- Emilia Romagna Factor S.p.A. (1.000%). 
In addition to the above members of the banking 
group, the scope of consolidation also includes the 
following subsidiary companies which are not 
members of the banking group since they do not 
contribute directly to its activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the 
equity method: 
- of the Parent Company: 
- Adras S.p.A. (100.000%); 
- Italiana Valorizzazioni Immobiliari S.r.l. (100.000%); 
- Sifà S.p.A. (51.000%). 
c)  Subsidiary companies consolidated under the equity method. 
 
d)  Subsidiary company which is not member of the banking group since it 
does not contribute directly to its activities.

--- Page 106 ---
106

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Milan 3425055.3 
Milan 3425055.5 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di 
Sardegna. As at 31 December 2019, Banco di Sardegna employed 2,468 staff and had 343 branches; its total 
direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 14,759,730 thousand whilst net loss was Euro 29,596 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.547 and 20.522 per 
cent of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 31 December 2019, Bibanca employed 144 staff and had 
no branches; its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 133,271 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) 
whilst net profit was Euro 9,138 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.. As at 31 December 2019, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 22 staff and had 1 branch; its total 
direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 1,392,936 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 5,100 thousand. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Bra 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, CR Bra has been completely absorbed in BPER Banca. As at 31 December 
2019, CR Bra employed 158 staff and had 26 branches; its total direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 
1,341,722 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 869 thousand. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, CR Saluzzo has been completely absorbed in BPER Banca. As at 31 
December 2019, CR Saluzzo employed 174 staff and had 22 branches; its total direct and indirect deposits 
amounted to Euro 1,064,967 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 584 thousand. 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairman). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Pietro Ferrari 
Chairman 
14/04/2018 
Giuseppe Capponcelli 
Deputy Chairman 
14/04/2018 
Alessandro Vandelli* 
Chief Executive Officer 
14/04/2018 
Riccardo Barbieri* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Massimo Belcredi 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Mara Bernardini 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Luciano Filippo Camagni* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
06/07/2020 
Alessandro Robin Foti 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Elisabetta Gualandri 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Ornella Rita Lucia Moro 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Mario Noera* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Marisa Pappalardo 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Rossella Schiavini* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Valeria Venturelli 
Director 
14/04/2018 
 
 
 
* Members of the Executive Committee 
 
 
On 11 June 2020 the Board of Directors of BPER, based on the declarations provided by the directors and the 
information available to the Issuer, verified in accordance with the Joint Guidelines on the suitability of 
members of the management body and key functions pursuant to Directive 2013/36/EU and Directive 
2014/65/EU of September 2017, the fulfilment of the independence requirements provided for in articles 147-
ter, paragraph 4 and 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Finance Act (Legislative Decree no. 58/98) as well 
as the recommendations contained in the Corporate Governance Code for listed companies – Application 
criteria – par. 3.C.1 – for the following Directors: 
- Mr. Massimo Belcredi 
- Ms. Mara Bernardini 
- Mr. Giuseppe Capponcelli 
- Mr. Alessandro Robin Foti 
- Ms. Elisabetta Gualandri 
- Ms. Roberta Marracino 
- Ms. Ornella Rita Lucia Moro 
- Ms. Marisa Pappalardo 
- Ms. Valeria Venturelli 
 
Resulting in minimum requirements for the Issuer having been met. 
Furthermore, on 5 August 2020, the Board of Directors further verified, in accordance with the 
abovementioned legislation, the suitability of Ms. Silvia Elisabetta Candini, Director appointed by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting held on 6 July 2020 as substitute Director of Ms. Roberta Marracino who resigned with 
effect from 30 June 2020.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Alessandro Vandelli1 
General Manager 
Pierpio Cerfogli 
Deputy General Manager 
Eugenio Garavini 
Deputy General Manager 
Stefano Rossetti 
Deputy General Manager (Vice) 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The Board of Directors is required under the by-laws of BPER to meet monthly and at any other time when a 
meeting is convened by the Chairman or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under 
the by-laws of BPER. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee, the chief executive 
officer and the general management such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it 
shall consider appropriate. 
Administrative and Management bodies conflicts of interests 
None of the Directors or general managers performs activities outside the BPER Group, which are significant 
with respect to the BPER Group. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between certain Directors’ duties to 
the Issuer and their private interests, as certain Directors are local entrepreneurs who may wish to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer (i.e. borrowing loans from the Issuer). In case of such conflict of interest, 
pursuant to Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, the Director must disclose any interest, personal or on behalf 
of a third party in a specific transaction of the Issuer to the other members of the board and to the audit 
committee. The Director is obliged to declare the nature, origin and conditions of his private interest. 
Furthermore, in compliance with provisions of Article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended, any person who is vested with managing/controlling powers within BPER may 
not assume any obligation or enter into purchase/sale agreements with BPER unless such transaction has been 
approved by BPER’s Board of Directors through a resolution passed unanimously and in accordance with 
Article 2391 of Italian Civil Code mentioned above. 
Save as noted above no potential conflicts of interest exist between the Directors’ and the General Managers’ 
duties to BPER and their private interests and/or other duties. 
                                                     
 
1 As from 1 January 2020 Mr. Vandelli, in addition to the role of Chief Executive Officer, also holds the office of General Manager.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
Title 
 
In office since 
 
Paolo De Mitri 
Chairman 
 
08/05/2018 
 
Cristina Calandra Buonaura 
Auditor 
 
22/11/2018 
 
Diana Rizzo 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
Francesca Sandrolini 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
Vincenzo Tardini 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
As at 17 December 2020 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows:  
Shareholder 
 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
 
18.9 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
 
10.2 
Norges Bank 
 
3.8 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s: 
 
Short-term Deposit Rating: P-3; 
 
Long-term Deposit Rating: Baa3 with “negative” outlook; 
 
Long-term Issuer Rating: Ba3 with “negative” outlook; 
 
Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”): Ba2; 
 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “negative” outlook; 
 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3. 
Fitch: 
 
Long-term Issuer Default Rating: BB with “stable” outlook; 
 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: B; 
 
Viability Rating: bb; 
 
Long-term Senior Preferred Rating: BB; 
 
Subordinated debt: B+; 
 
Long-term Deposit Rating: BB+; 
 
Short-term Deposit Rating: B. 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingodm. Fitch is established in Ireland. Each of Moody’s and Fitch are 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Fitch and Moody’s is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Overview 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and providing 
credit to customers who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized businesses, 
through the parent company BPER which operates throughout the country whilst Banco di Sardegna operates 
mainly in Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate and 
Investment Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial products 
including leasing and factoring. 
As at 31 December 2019, net interest income comes to Euro 1,164.5 million, up 3.75% on the comparative 
figure (Euro 1,122.4 million at 31 December 2018). 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2019 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of the 
community, households and businesses.  
In 2019 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising 
existing proposals and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative terms, 
with a view to becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most advanced 
customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales proposals 
based on their specific needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain cases linked to 
international projects that Italian companies have put in place to offset the decline in domestic demand. 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance 
(renewables, conventional energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues offering 
expert advice to Corporate customers of the Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, Corporate and 
Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2019, the Group’s network consisted of 1,349 branches located throughout the country, as 
well as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 79,033 
million.  
Domestic market share, as at 31 March 2020, was approximately 5.57%2. 
                                                     
 
2 Source: Planus Corp. analysis of Regulatory Reports.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
On the Italian banking scene, the BPER Banca Group ranks sixth by total assets and loans. 
Within the domestic banking system, the BPER Group's market share of loans to customers, excluding bad 
loans, was 2.96% at 31 March 2020, while its market share of deposits was 2.97%. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 13,805 persons as at 31 December 2019. 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s employees. 
 
 
 
 
 
Employees 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
10,416 
 
8,292 
 
2,124 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
22 
 
20 
 
2 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
 
144 
 
146 
 
(2) 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,468 
 
2,425 
 
43 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
158 
 
164 
 
(6) 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
174 
 
183 
 
(9) 
Total banks  
 
13,382 
 
11,230 
 
2,152 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
423 
 
385 
 
38 
Total of balance sheet 
 
13,805 
 
11,615 
 
2,190 
 
 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
 
 
 
Branches 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
958 
 
827 
 
131 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
343 
 
336 
 
7 
3. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
26 
 
28 
 
(2) 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
22 
 
27 
 
(5) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,349 
 
1,218 
 
131 
5. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total 
 
1,350 
 
1,219 
 
131

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures for the 
year ended 31 December 
Income statement 
2019 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net Interest income 
1,164,539 
1,122,437 
Net commission income 
931,950 
776,265 
Net interest and other banking income 
2,224,583 
2,037,063 
Net income from financial activities 
1,775,313 
1,810,401 
Operating costs 
(1,708,387) 
(1,416,174) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
416,898 
345,526 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
394,452 
445,790 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
379,583 
401,953 
 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures for the 
year ended 31 December 
Balance Sheet statement 
2019 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net Loans to customer 
52,006,038 
47,050,942 
              - of which net bad loans 
1,171,281 
1,448,257 
Net interbank position 
(9,891,324) 
(11,585,739) 
Financial assets 
18,956,906 
17,152,084 
Total assets 
79,033,498 
70,634,767 
Direct deposits 
58,055,608 
49,996,419 
Indirect deposits 
110,623,352 
36,257,418 
              - of which managed 
41,714,305 
19,330,962 
              - of which administered 
68,909,047 
16,926,456 
 
 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures for the 
year ended 31 December 
Cash flows statement 
2019 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
377,867 
154,011 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
(375,999) 
(79,984) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
105,511 
(34,686) 
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
107,379 
39,341

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. 
Investors should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider 
these measures as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash 
flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to 
any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not 
indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. 
These measures are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and the 
operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, BPER Group’s

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors should 
not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios3 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
20184 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
65.80% 
66.61% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
89.58% 
94.11% 
Financial assets/total assets 
23.99% 
24.28% 
Fixed assets5/total assets 
2.02% 
2.14% 
Goodwill/total assets 
0.55% 
0.37% 
Direct deposits/total assets 
88.91% 
89.36% 
Indirect deposits under management/indirect deposits 
37.71% 
53.32% 
Financial assets/tangible equity6 
 
4.10 
 
3.85 
Total tangible assets7/tangible equity  
 
16.96 
 
15.77 
Net interbank position (in thousands of Euro) 
(9,891,324) 
 (11,585,739) 
Number of employees8 
13,805 
 
11,615 
Number of national bank branches 
1,349 
 
1,218 
Profitability ratios  
ROE9  
8.66% 
9.06% 
ROTE10  
9.92% 
10.15% 
ROA11  
0.50% 
0.63% 
Cost to income ratio12 
74.11% 
66.44% 
Net impairment losses on loans to customers/net loans to customers 
0.86% 
0.47% 
 
(cont.) 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
201813 
Profitability ratios 
 
 
Basic EPS14 
0.766 
0.836 
Diluted EPS15 
0.743 
0.836 
 
                                                     
 
3 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", aimed at 
promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources of information. To 
construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified statements prepared from a management 
point of view. 
4 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2018, 
without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
5 Fixed assets include both equity investments and property, plant and equipment. The ratio would be at 1.64% without considering the application of 
IFRS 16. The other ratios represented in this section are not influenced by the application of IFRS 16. 
6 Tangible equity: total shareholders' equity, including minority interests, net of intangible assets. 
7 Total tangible assets = total assets net of intangible assets. 
8 The number of employees (point figure) does not include expectations. 
9 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’equity of Group not including net profit. 
10 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’equity of Group not including net profit and intangible assets. 
11 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit for the year pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
12 The cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); when 
calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262 the cost to income ratio is at 76.80%. If we do not 
consider non-recurring expenses relating to the personnel retirement plan, the cost to income ratio would be at 70.68% at 31 December 2019 (69.52% 
at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements 31 December 2018). 
13 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2018, 
without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
14 EPS has been calculated net of treasury shares in portfolio. 
15 See previous note.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
  
Risk ratios  
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
5.77% 
6.81% 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers 
2.25% 
3.08% 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers 
3.19% 
3.60% 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers 
0.32% 
0.13% 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans 
51.03% 
54.52% 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans 
66.04% 
66.62% 
Impairment provisions for unlikely to pay loans/gross unlikely to pay loans 
33.01% 
35.73% 
Impairment provisions for past due loans/gross past due loans 
14.57% 
12.33% 
Impairment provisions for performing loans/gross performing loans 
0.33% 
0.37% 
Texas ratio16 
79.04% 
84.97% 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)17 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
4,828,807 
4,367,711 
Own Funds 
 
5,839,914 
5,278,852 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 34,721,277 
30,606,171 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
13.91% 
14.27% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.35% 
14.37% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
16.82% 
17.25% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Phased 
12.01% 
11.95% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in18 
6.1% 
6.0% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Phased19 
5.3% 
5.0% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
158.9% 
154.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
114.0% 
106.8% 
Non-financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
201820 
Productivity ratios (in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits per employee 
4,205.40 
4,304.47 
Loans to customers per employee 
3,767.19 
4,050.88 
Assets managed per employee 
3,021.68 
1,664.31 
Assets administered per employee 
4,991.60 
1,457.29 
Core revenues21 per employee 
151.86 
163.47 
Net interest and other banking income per employee 
161.14 
175.38 
Operating costs per employee 
123.75 
121.93 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
 
16 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
17 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2395/2017. 
18 The ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 62/2015. 
19 See previous note. 
20 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 December 2018, 
without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
21 Core revenues = net interest income + net commission income.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Performance ratios22 
 
 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201923 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
61.54% 
65.80% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
88.41% 
89.58% 
Financial assets/total assets 
25.90% 
23.99% 
Fixed assets24/total assets 
1.82% 
2.02% 
Goodwill/total assets 
0.51% 
0.55% 
Direct deposits/total assets 
88.92% 
88.91% 
Indirect deposits under management/indirect deposits 
37.74% 
37.71% 
Financial assets/tangible equity25 
 
4.74 
 
4.10 
Total tangible assets26/tangible equity  
 
18.16 
 
16.96 
Net interbank position (in thousands of Euro) 
(11,500,006) 
 
(9,891,324) 
Number of employees27 
13,550 
 
13,805 
Number of national bank branches 
1,313 
 
1,349 
Profitability ratios  
ROE28  
4.26% 
8.66% 
ROTE29  
4.92% 
9.92% 
ROA30  
0.27% 
0.50% 
Cost to income ratio31 
67.27% 
69.15% 
Net impairment losses on loans to customers/net loans to customers 
0.56% 
0.31% 
Basic EPS32 
0.201 
0.209 
Diluted EPS33 
0.188 
0.209 
 
 
                                                     
 
22 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", aimed at 
promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources of information. To 
construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified statements prepared from a management 
point of view as mentioned in chapter 6 "The BPER Banca Group’s results of operations" as per the present Report. 
23 The comparative patrimonial ratios, together with ROE, ROTE and ROA, have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the 
Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2019, while economical ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2019 as per the 
Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2019. 
24 Fixed assets include both Equity investments and Property, plant and equipment. The ratio would be at 1.48% (1.64% at 31 December 2019) without 
considering the application of IFRS 16. 
25 Tangible equity: total shareholders' equity, including minority interests, net of intangible assets. 
26 Total tangible assets = total assets net of intangible assets. 
27 The number of employees (point figure) does not include the expectations. 
28 ROE has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period on average shareholders’ equity of Group not included net profit. 
29 ROTE has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period on average shareholders’ equity of Group not included net profit and intangible 
assets. 
30 ROA has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period (including net profit for the period pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
31 The Cost to income Ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); 
when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262 the Cost to income Ratio is at 70.71% (73.23% 
at 30 June 2019 as per the Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2019). 
32 EPS has been calculated net of treasury shares in portfolio. 
33 See previous note.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
(cont.) 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201934 
Risk ratios35  
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
5.60% 
5.77% 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers 
2.29% 
2.25% 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers 
2.96% 
3.19% 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers 
0.35% 
0.32% 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans 
44.48% 
51.03% 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans 
55.17% 
66.04% 
Impairment provisions for unlikely to pay loans/gross unlikely to pay loans 
34.97% 
33.01% 
Impairment provisions for past due loans/gross past due loans 
18.15% 
14.57% 
Impairment provisions for performing loans/gross performing loans 
0.32% 
0.33% 
Texas ratio36 
75.48% 
79.04% 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)37 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
4,773,562 
4,828,807 
Own Funds 
 
5,758,897 
5,839,914 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 33,820,055 
34,721,277 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
14.11% 
13.91% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.56% 
14.35% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
17.03% 
16.82% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Loaded38 
12.57% 
12.01% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in39 
5.6% 
6.1% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Loaded40 
4.9% 
5.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
161.8% 
158.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
118.8% 
114.0% 
 
 
 
 
                                                     
 
34 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2019. 
35 The credit risk ratios recalculated taking into consideration the effects of the derecognition of the "Spring" bad loan portfolio as at 30 June 2020 
are: 
 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 5.01% 
 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers: 1.68% 
 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers: 2.98% 
 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers: 0.36% 
 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans: 47.41% 
 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans: 62.82% 
 
Texas ratio: 70.82% 
36 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
37 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2395/2017. 
38 The Fully Loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account 
the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9. 
39 Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 62/2015. 
40 The Leverage ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account the expected 
absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(cont.) 
Non-financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201941 
Productivity ratios (in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits per employee 
4,414.38 
4,205.40 
Loans to customers per employee 
3,902.85 
3,767.19 
Assets managed per employee 
2,966.85 
3,021.68 
Assets administered per employee 
4,894.74 
4,991.60 
Core revenues42 per employee 
83.46 
80.55 
Net interest and other banking income per employee 
88.29 
83.80 
Operating costs per employee 
62.43 
61.36 
 
 
 
                                                     
 
41 The comparative patrimonial ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2019, while economical ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2019 as per the Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2019. 
42 Core revenues = net interest income + net commission income.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
LOANS TO CUSTOMERS 
BPER Group’s loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, a breakdown of the loans of BPER 
Group (after provisions have been made). 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% Change  
Current accounts 
4,841,510 
4,690,606 
150,904 
3.22 
Mortgage loans 
32,540,195 
28,373,757 
4,166,438 
14.68 
Repurchase Agreement 
591,175 
202,778 
388,397 
191.54 
Leases and factoring 
3,833,890 
3,666,579 
167,311 
4.56 
Other transactions 
10,199,268 
10,117,222 
82,046 
0.81 
Net loans to customers  
52,006,038 
47,050,942 
4,955,096 
10.53 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 52,006.0 million (Euro 47,050.9 million at 31 December 
2018) up by Euro 4,955.1 million since 31 December 2018 due to the business combinations carried out in the 
third quarter of the year (Euro 8,298.9 million of net loans acquired at 1st of July 2019 after completion of the 
Purchase Price Allocation). 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change  
Gross non-performing exposures 
 6,122,541 
 7,045,555 
(923,014) 
-13.10 
Bad loans 
 3,448,761 
 4,338,160 
(889,399) 
-20.50 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 2,478,777 
 2,638,374 
(159,597) 
-6.05 
Past due loans 
 
195,003 
 
69,021 
125,982 
182.53 
Gross performing exposures 
 49,169,481 
 44,011,304 
5,158,177 
11.72 
Total gross exposure 
 55,292,022 
 51,056,859 
4,235,163 
8.29 
Impairment provisions for non-performing exposures 
 3,124,116 
 3,841,000 
(716,884) 
-18.66 
Bad loans 
 2,277,480 
 2,889,903 
(612,423) 
-21.19 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
818,231 
 
942,585 
(124,354) 
-13.19 
Past due loans 
 
28,405 
 
8,512 
19,893 
233.71 
Impairment provisions for performing exposures 
 
161,868 
 
164,917 
(3,049) 
-1.85 
Total impairment provisions 
 3,285,984 
 4,005,917 
(719,933) 
-17.97 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,998,425 
 3,204,555 
(206,130) 
-6.43 
Bad loans 
 1,171,281 
 1,448,257 
(276,976) 
-19.12 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,660,546 
 1,695,789 
(35,243) 
-2.08 
Past due loans 
 
166,598 
 
60,509 
106,089 
175.33 
Net performing exposures 
 49,007,613 
 43,846,387 
5,161,226 
11.77 
Total net exposure 
 52,006,038 
 47,050,942 
4,955,096 
10.53 
 
 
At 31 December 2019, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 3,124.1 million (Euro 
3,841 million at 31 December 2018; -18.66%), for a coverage ratio of 51.03% (54.52% at 31 December 2018), 
while provisions relating to performing loans amounted to Euro 161.9 million (Euro 164.9 million at 31

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
December 2018; -1.85%), leading to a coverage ratio of 0.33% (0.37% at 31 December 2018), which reflects 
the general improvement in credit quality of the Group's performing portfolio. 
Considering the direct write-offs of bad loans still outstanding, Euro 444.0 million (Euro 727.4 million at 31 
December 2018), the coverage ratio increased to 54.34% (58.77% at 31 December 2018). 
The total coverage ratio was therefore 5.94%, down compared with 7.85% at 31 December 2018. Based on the 
same considerations set out above concerning direct write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans came to 
6.69% (9.14% at 31 December 2018). 
 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Loans to customers 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross  
change  
%  
Net  
change  
%  
Coverage  
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
43,119,832 40,829,483 39,677,286 36,673,479 
8.68 
11.33 
5.31 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
248,608 
240,039 
236,743 
229,163 
5.01 
4.75 
3.45 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
1,299,644 
1,282,601 
930,338 
919,329 
39.70 
39.51 
1.31 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
8,052,242 
7,550,322 
7,772,814 
7,231,641 
3.59 
4.41 
6.23 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
1,148,305 
1,024,404 
1,183,697 
1,060,168 
-2.99 
-3.37 
10.79 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
603,265 
568,555 
636,243 
597,273 
-5.18 
-4.81 
5.75 
Total banks 
54,471,896 51,495,404 50,437,121 46,711,053 
8.00 
10.24 
5.46 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
3,356,780 
3,081,446 
3,377,874 
3,116,700 
-0.62 
-1.13 
8.20 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
1,090,696 
1,071,966 
877,339 
858,664 
24.32 
24.84 
1.72 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
593,824 
578,396 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
2.60 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,221,174) (4,221,174) (3,635,475) (3,635,475) 
16.11 
16.11 
- 
Total of balance sheet 
55,292,022 52,006,038 51,056,859 47,050,942 
8.29 
10.53 
5.94 
 
Net non-performing loans amounted to Euro 2,998.4 million (-6.43%), equating to 5.77% of total net loans to 
customers (6.81% at 31 December 2018), whereas, on a gross basis, the non-performing loans on loans to 
customers ratio equated to 11.07% (13.80% at 31 December 2018). 
More specifically, net bad loans amounted to Euro 1,171.3 million (-19.12%), net unlikely to pay loans totalled 
Euro 1,660.5 million (-2.08%) and net past due loans amounted to Euro 166.6 million (+175.33%). 
The net non-performing loans acquired on the absorption of Unipol Banca amounted to Euro 309.6 million 
following completion of the Purchase Price Allocation; more specifically, bad loans amounted to Euro 21.8 
million, unlikely to pay loans total Euro 257.4 million and past due loans totalled Euro 30.4 million.  
The coverage ratio, 51.03%, was down compared with 31 December 2018 (54.52%), mainly due to the sale of 
a portfolio of bad loans to UnipolReC with a gross amount of around Euro 1 billion, as well as to the recognition 
of former Unipol Banca non-performing loans directly at their fair value, without any provisions.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 (in thousands)  
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross  
change  
%  
Net  
change  
%  
Coverage  
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
4,123,336 
1,951,565 
4,905,782 
2,028,553 
-15.95 
-3.80 
52.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
9,898 
1,776 
13,514 
6,318 
-26.76 
-71.89 
82.06 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
35,434 
23,397 
12,502 
6,304 
183.43 
271.15 
33.97 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
983,153 
497,976 
1,101,353 
578,967 
-10.73 
-13.99 
49.35 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
235,957 
114,300 
248,292 
127,576 
-4.97 
-10.41 
51.56 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
62,660 
29,349 
77,388 
40,120 
-19.03 
-26.85 
53.16 
Total banks 
5,450,438 
2,618,363 
6,358,831 
2,787,838 
-14.29 
-6.08 
51.96 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
624,791 
360,570 
651,179 
398,386 
-4.05 
-9.49 
42.29 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
29,109 
12,494 
35,545 
18,331 
-18.11 
-31.84 
57.08 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
18,203 
6,998 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
61.56 
Total of balance sheet 
6,122,541 
2,998,425 
7,045,555 
3,204,555 
-13.10 
-6.43 
51.03 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
444,039 
- 
727,371 
- 
-38.95 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
6,566,580 
2,998,425 
7,772,926 
3,204,555 
-15.52 
-6.43 
54.34 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance sheet)/Loans to customers 
11.07% 
5.77% 
13.80% 
6.81% 
 
Net bad loans amounted to Euro 1,171.3 million (-19.12%), representing 2.25% of total net loans to customers 
(3.08% at 31 December 2018), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad loans on total loans to customers ratio came 
to 6.24% (8.50% at 31 December 2018). 
The coverage of bad loans was 66.04%, in line with 66.62% at 31 December 2018. 
(in thousands)  
Bad loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
2,285,012 
724,625 
3,071,119 
894,519 
-25.60 
-18.99 
68.29 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
6,004 
262 
5,734 
262 
4.71 
- 
95.64 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
7,312 
1,521 
5,393 
1,061 
35.58 
43.36 
79.20 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
613,293 
249,194 
690,969 
314,947 
-11.24 
-20.88 
59.37 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
138,034 
40,474 
148,600 
50,368 
-7.11 
-19.64 
70.68 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
40,846 
11,760 
46,256 
14,878 
-11.70 
-20.96 
71.21 
Total banks 
3,090,501 
1,027,836 
3,968,071 
1,276,035 
-22.12 
-19.45 
66.74 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
321,987 
131,725 
343,247 
162,016 
-6.19 
-18.70 
59.09 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
23,613 
7,647 
26,842 
10,206 
-12.03 
-25.07 
67.62 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
12,660 
4,073 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
67.83 
Total of balance sheet 
3,448,761 
1,171,281 
4,338,160 
1,448,257 
-20.50 
-19.12 
66.04 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
444,039 
- 
727,371 
- 
-38.95 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
3,892,800 
1,171,281 
5,065,531 
1,448,257 
-23.15 
-19.12 
69.91 
Bad 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
6.24% 
2.25% 
8.50% 
3.08% 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans totalled Euro 1,660.5 million (-2.08%), representing 3.19% of total net loans to 
customers (3.60% at 31 December 2018), while on a gross basis the ratio was 4.48% (5.17% at 31 December 
2018). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has decreased since the end of 2018 to 33.01%, compared with 35.73% 
at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
(in thousands)  
Unlikely to pay loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,734,539 
1,136,127 
1,807,840 
1,111,408 
-4.05 
2.22 
34.50 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
3,894 
1,514 
7,780 
6,056 
-49.95 
-75.00 
61.12 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
7,139 
4,715 
3,986 
2,585 
79.10 
82.40 
33.95 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
332,535 
216,927 
396,181 
251,804 
-16.06 
-13.85 
34.77 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
90,274 
67,868 
97,139 
74,947 
-7.07 
-9.45 
24.82 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
21,690 
17,484 
31,068 
25,188 
-30.19 
-30.59 
19.39 
Total banks 
2,190,071 
1,444,635 
2,343,994 
1,471,988 
-6.57 
-1.86 
34.04 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
281,588 
210,722 
292,189 
222,086 
-3.63 
-5.12 
25.17 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
4,600 
4,003 
2,191 
1,715 
109.95 
133.41 
12.98 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,518 
1,186 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
52.90 
Total of balance sheet 
2,478,777 
1,660,546 
2,638,374 
1,695,789 
-6.05 
-2.08 
33.01 
Unlikely 
to 
pay 
loans/Loans 
to 
customers 
4.48% 
3.19% 
5.17% 
3.60% 
 
The net amount of past due loans was Euro 166.6 million, significantly increased (+175.33%) as consequence 
to application of the "New Definition of Default – NDoD", and represented 0.32% of total net loans to 
customers (0.13% at 31 December 2018), while, on a gross basis, the ratio of past due loans on total loans to 
customers was 0.35% (0.14% at 31 December 2018). The coverage of past due loans was 14.57% (12.33% at 
31 December 2018). 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Past due loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
%  
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
103,785 
90,813 
26,823 
22,626 
286.93 
301.37 
12.50 
2. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
20,983 
17,161 
3,123 
2,658 
571.89 
545.64 
18.21 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
37,325 
31,855 
14,203 
12,216 
162.80 
160.76 
14.66 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
7,649 
5,958 
2,553 
2,261 
199.61 
163.51 
22.11 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
124 
105 
64 
54 
93.75 
94.44 
15.32 
Total banks 
169,866 
145,892 
46,766 
39,815 
263.23 
266.42 
14.11 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
21,216 
18,123 
15,743 
14,284 
34.76 
26.88 
14.58 
7. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
896 
844 
6,512 
6,410 
-86.24 
-86.83 
5.80 
8. Finitalia S.p.a. 
3,025 
1,739 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
42.51 
Total of balance sheet 
195,003 
166,598 
69,021 
60,509 
182.53 
175.33 
14.57 
Past due loans/Loans to customers 
0.35% 
0.32% 
0.14% 
0.13%

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
The distribution of loans to non-financial corporates is analysed by ATECO category below: 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Distribution of loans to  
non-financial corporates 
31.12.2019 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
848,309 
1.63 
B. Mining and quarrying 
38,258 
0.07 
C. Manufacturing 
7,411,084 
14.27 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning  
657,765 
1.26 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
338,988 
0.65 
F. Construction 
2,417,385 
4.65 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
4,655,976 
8.95 
H. Transport and storage 
922,480 
1.77 
I.  Hotel and restaurants 
1,319,977 
2.54 
J.  Information and communication 
314,345 
0.60 
L. Real estate 
3,140,580 
6.04 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
752,439 
1.45 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,065,936 
2.05 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
7,280 
0.01 
P. Education 
28,010 
0.05 
Q. Health and welfare 
356,895 
0.69 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
171,219 
0.33 
S. Other services 
373,272 
0.72 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
24,820,198 
47.73 
Individuals and other not included above 
21,191,159 
40.75 
Financial corporates 
3,599,739 
6.92 
Insurance companies 
42,900 
0.08 
Governments and other public entities 
2,352,042 
4.52 
Total loans 
52,006,038 
100.00

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
Net interbank lending 
 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change %  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
2,321,809 
1,540,509 
781,300 
50.72 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
441,913 
169,438 
272,475 
160.81 
2. Reverse repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
- 
n.s. 
3. Other 
1,879,896 
1,371,071 
508,825 
37.11 
B. Due to banks 
12,213,133 
13,126,248 
(913,115) 
-6.96 
Total (A-B) 
(9,891,324) 
(11,585,739) 
1,694,415 
-14.63 
 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change %  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
5,100,751 
2,321,809 
2,778,942 
119.69 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
426,428 
441,913 
(15,485) 
-3.50 
2. Reverse repurchase agreements 
487,689 
- 
487,689 
n.s. 
3. Other 
4,186,634 
1,879,896 
2,306,738 
122.71 
B. Due to banks 
16,600,757 
12,213,133 
4,387,624 
35.93 
Total (A-B) 
(11,500,006) 
(9,891,324) 
(1,608,682) 
16.26 
 
 
 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 31 December 2019. Compared with 31 
December 2018, the balance includes the quota taken up by Unipol Banca, which was absorbed by the Parent 
Company on 25 November 2019. 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) -BPER Banca 
4,400 
24.06.2020 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - CR Saluzzo 
95 
24.06.2020 
3. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - BPER Banca 
1,000 
16.12.2020 
4. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) -BPER Banca 
4,136 
24.03.2021 
5. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - CR Saluzzo 
34 
24.03.2021 
Total 
9,665  
 
 
At 31 December 2019 the BPER Banca Group has therefore obtained Euro 9,665 million of TLTRO II loans, 
against a loan limit of Euro 10,991 million, with a valuation at 31 December 2019 of Euro 9,542 million, after 
deducting accrued interest income. 
At 31 December 2019, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for 
refinancing at the European Central Bank, of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 20,911 million 
(Euro 18,716 million at 31 December 2018). The available portion at 31 December 2019 amounted to Euro 
10,363 million (Euro 5,692 million at 31 December 2018). 
 
 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 30 June 2020. Since 31 December 
2019, the Group has benefited from the additional liquidity made available by the ECB by repaying early the 
TLTRO-II loans expiring subsequent to 30 June 2020 and arranging to new sources of funds: TLTRO-III and 
currency loans.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central 
Bank 
Currency 
Capital 
Value 
Maturity 
1. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
200 
184 02.07.2020 
2. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
200 
183 09.07.2020 
3. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
100 
92 30.07.2020 
4. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
150 
138 06.08.2020 
5. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
150 
137 20.08.2020 
6. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
180 
161 27.08.2020 
7. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) -BPER 
Banca 
euro 
14,000 
14,000 28.08.2023 
Total 
14,980 
14,895 
 
 
The BPER Banca Group has therefore obtained Euro 14,000 million of TLTRO III loans, against a loan limit 
of Euro 16,711 million, with a valuation at 30 June 2020 of Euro 13,997.7 million, after deducting accrued 
interest income. 
At 30 June 2020, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing 
at the European Central Bank, with an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 27,101 million (Euro 20,911 
million at 31 December 2019). The available portion amounts to Euro 10,554 million (Euro 10,363 million at 
31 December 2019). 
 
 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
The following table sets forth the information as at 31 December 2019. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Nominal 
value 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
20,911 
10,548 
10,363 
1 Securities as collateral for own and third-party 
commitments 
363 
363 
2 Securities subject to funding repurchase agreements 
643 
643 
3 Securities and loans not transferred to the Pooling 
Account 
8,507 
8,507 
4 Securities and loans transferred to the Pooling Account 
11,398 
9,542 
1,856 
    of which:  
    Own securitisations 
1,938 
1,757 
    Guaranteed Bank Bonds issued by the Bank 
3,400 
2,858 
    Collateralized Bank Assets  
 
4,950 
 
2,762 
 
 
As summarised in the table, at 31 December 2019, the Pooling account of the Central Treasury possessed 
significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing by the European Central Bank, of an overall 
amount, net of margin call, of Euro 11,398 million, of which Euro 9,542 million has been refinanced (Euro 
1,856 million was still available).  
 
These include: 
 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers (at 31 December 2019 Euro 1,433.2 million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 1,297.1 
million), using the special purpose vehicles Dedalo s.r.l., Sardegna RE Finance s.r.l. and Grecale s.r.l.;

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
securities from self-securitisations of performing loans portfolios given to the Bank's own customers 
in the small and medium-sized businesses segment (at 31 December 2019 Euro 504.8 million, eligible 
for refinancing up to Euro 459.8 million), using the special purpose vehicle Multi Lease AS s.r.l.;  
 
Guaranteed Bank Bonds issue by the Bank with a nominal value of Euro 3,400 million, eligible for 
refinancing up to Euro 2,858.3 million, using the special purpose vehicles Estense Covered Bond s.r.l. 
and Estense CPT Covered Bond s.r.l; 
 
Collateralized Bank Assets (A.BA.CO) for Euro 4,949.6 million at 31 December 2019, of which Euro 
2,761.7 million eligible for refinancing. 
 
The following table sets forth the information as at 30 June 2020. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Nominal 
value 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
27,101 
16,547 
10,554 
1 Securities as collateral for own and third-party 
commitments 
329 
329 
2 Securities subject to funding repurchase agreements 
1,246 
1,246 
3 Securities and loans not transferred to the Pooling Account 
7,326 
7,326 
4 Securities and loans transferred to the Pooling Account 
18,200 
14,972 
3,228 
    of which:  
    Own securitisations 
1,706 
1,561 
    Guaranteed Bank Bonds issued by the Bank 
4,500 
3,876 
    Collateralized Bank Assets  
 
5,273 
 
4,148 
 
 
As summarised in the table, at 30 June 2020, the Pooling account of the Central Treasury possessed significant 
resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing by the European Central Bank, of an overall amount, 
net of margin call, of Euro 18,200 million, of which Euro 14,972 million has been refinanced (Euro 3,228 
million is still available).  
 
These include: 
 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers (at 30 June 2020 Euro 1,294.6 million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 1,181.4 
million), using the special purpose vehicles Dedalo s.r.l., Sardegna RE Finance s.r.l. and Grecale s.r.l.; 
 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers in the small and medium-sized businesses segment (at 30 June 2020 Euro 411.1 
million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 379.6 million), using the special purpose vehicle Multi 
Lease AS s.r.l.;  
 
Guaranteed Bank Bonds issue by the Bank with a nominal value of Euro 4,500 million, eligible for 
refinancing up to Euro 3,876 million, using the special purpose vehicles Estense Covered Bond s.r.l. 
and Estense CPT Covered Bond s.r.l; 
 
Collateralised Bank Assets (A.BA.CO.) for Euro 5,273 million at 30 June 2020, of which Euro 4,148 
million eligible for refinancing.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
Funding 
The following table shows the BPER Group’s borrowing breakdown. 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
47,724,679 
37,413,210 
10,311,469 
27.56 
Time deposits 
954,077 
1,901,381 
(947,304) 
-49.82 
Repurchase agreements 
238,736 
2,539,391 
(2,300,655) 
-90.60 
Lease liabilities 
306,037 
11,883 
294,154 
-- 
Other short-term loans 
2,997,190 
2,728,998 
268,192 
9.83 
Bonds 
 5,089,892 
3,990,573 
1,099,319 
27.55 
 - subscribed by institutional customers 
 
3,278,364 
2,531,595 
746,769 
29.50 
 - subscribed by ordinary customers 
 
1,811,528 
1,458,978 
352,550 
24.16 
Certificates 
 
36,541 
52,672 
(16,131) 
-30.63 
Certificates of deposit 
708,456 
1,358,311 
(649,855) 
-47.84 
Direct deposits from customers 
58,055,608 
49,996,419 
8,059,189 
16.12 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
110,623,352 
36,257,418 
74,365,934 
205.11 
 - of which managed 
 
41,714,305 
19,330,962 
22,383,343 
115.79 
 - of which administered 
 
68,909,047 
16,926,456 
51,982,591 
307.11 
Customer funds under administration  
168,678,960 
86,253,837 
82,425,123 
95.56 
Bank borrowing 
12,213,133 
13,126,248 
(913,115) 
-6.96 
Funds under administration or management 
180,892,093 
99,380,085 
81,512,008 
82.02 
 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 58,055.6 million have increased by 16.12%. The increase was mainly 
influenced by the contribution of Unipol Banca (Euro 9,955.2 million acquired on 1st of July 2019 following 
completion of the Purchase Price Allocation), as well as by the recognition of lease liabilities, as a technicality 
involved in the application of IFRS 16. 
Among the various technical forms, bonds have increased by Euro 1,099.3 million (27.55%), following new 
covered bond issues and acquisition of the loans issued by Unipol Banca (Euro 1,263.4 million acquired on 
1st of July 2019 following the Purchase Price Allocation), and current accounts have increased by Euro 
10,311.5 million (+27.56%), also due to the acquisition of direct funding from Unipol Banca. 
By contrast, repurchase agreements have decreased by Euro 2,300.7 million (-90.60%), following the 
termination of certain relationships with institutional customers, certificates of deposit by Euro 649.9 million 
(-47.84%) and time deposits by Euro 947.3 million (-49.82%). 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, totalled Euro 110,623.4 million, up from 31 December 
2018 (+205.11%) due to the significant contribution made by Unipol Banca (Euro 51,898 million at 1st of July 
2019) and Arca Fondi SGR (Euro 29,822.5 million at 31 December 2019, of which around Euro 12,686.4 
million previously placed by the Group banks).  
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including bank borrowing (Euro 12,213.1 
million) amounted to Euro 180,892.1 million. 
 
(in thousands)  
Direct deposits 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change  
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 45,859,374 
 36,292,280 
9,567,094 
26.36 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
817,559 
 
900,837 
(83,278) 
-9.24 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
 
133,271 
 
124,905 
8,366 
6.70 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 10,009,648 
 11,229,434 
(1,219,786) 
-10.86 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
783,123 
 
803,429 
(20,306) 
-2.53 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
685,005 
 
727,329 
(42,324) 
-5.82 
Total banks 
 58,287,980 
 50,078,214 
8,209,766 
16.39

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
 
(232,372) 
 
(81,795) 
(150,577) 
184.09 
Total 
 58,055,608 
 49,996,419 
8,059,189 
16.12 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
761,177 
 
775,973 
(14,796) 
-1.91 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
761,177 
 
775,973 
(14,796) 
-1.91 
 
 
There were no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2019 (as at 31 December 2018). 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 88,416,773 
 31,978,280 
56,438,493 
176.49 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
575,377 
 
624,615 
(49,238) 
-7.88 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,750,082 
 4,025,753 
724,329 
17.99 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
558,599 
 
504,858 
53,741 
10.64 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
379,962 
 
312,859 
67,103 
21.45 
Total banks 
 94,680,793 
 37,446,365 
57,234,428 
152.84 
6. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
 29,822,478 
 
- 
29,822,478 
n.s. 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(13,879,919) 
 (1,188,947) 
(12,690,972) 
-- 
Total 
110,623,352 
 36,257,418 
74,365,934 
205.11

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and 
in the 2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates. 
From 30 June 2015 the accounting scope of consolidation is aligned with that required for prudential reporting 
purposes: companies excluded are treated in the same way as the banks and companies subject to significant 
influence and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 31 December 2017, the BPER Banca Group adopted internal models for measuring the capital requirements 
relating to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The scope43 of the models included 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca and, from the first quarter of 2019, also Cassa di Risparmio di 
Bra, Sardaleasing and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo were formally included in the roll-out plan and adopt the 
IRB Approach as scheduled in the plan. It is whorty to note that starting from 27 July 2020 Cassa di Risparmio 
di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo were abosbed in BPER Banca. The other BPER Banca Group 
companies and asset classes not included in the roll-out plan continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
The use of internal models has given rise to an increase in the capital buffer over and above the ECB's minimum 
requirement of CET1 that originally was equal to 9% and then reduced to 8.125%, as shown on 31 March and 
30 June 2020 financial data, by the same ECB with a latter communication on April 2020. 
At 31 December 2019 the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be complied with was equal to 9.018% 
Phased In and Fully Phased, as it was also influenced by the additional requirement constituted by the specific 
countercyclical capital reserve of the BPER Banca Group of 0.018%. 
Compared with that limit, the amount of available equity at 31 December 2019 could be quantified at Euro 
1,699 million (about 489 bps of CET1) under the Phased In transitional arrangements, while on a Fully Phased 
basis it could be put at Euro 1,035 million, about 299 bps. 
With regard to the above, the amount of CET1 has been calculated taking into account the portion of the profit 
for the year allocable to equity, totalling Euro 306.7 million, determined in accordance with the process 
envisaged in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (CRR) for the purpose of its computability.  
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2019. 
 
                                                     
 
43 The ECB authorised the use of internal models on 24 June 2016.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
(in thousands)  
 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Phased 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
31.12.2018  
Fully 
Phased 
31.12.2018 
Phased in 
Change 
in 
Phased 
in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital- 
CET1 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
3,642,754 
4,367,711 
461,096 
10.56 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
152,092 
152,092 
31,554 
31,554 
120,538 
382.01 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
3,674,308 
4,399,265 
581,634 
13.22 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
858,760 
859,015 
878,992 
879,587 
(20,572) 
-2.34 
Total Own Funds 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
4,553,300 
5,278,852 
561,062 
10.63 
Total 
Risk-weighted 
assets 
(RWA) 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
30,489,167 
30,606,171 4,115,106 
13.45 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
12.01% 
13.91% 
11.95% 
14.27% 
- 36 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
12.45% 
14.35% 
12.05% 
14.37% 
-2 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own 
Funds/RWA) 
14.94% 
16.82% 
14.93% 
17.25% 
-43 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
43.75% 
43.93% 
43.16% 
43.33% 
  60 bps 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 the capital ratios were as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 13.91% (13.10% at 30 September 2019, 14.33% at 30 
June 2019, 14.24% at 31 March 2019 and 14.27% at 31 December 2018). The ratio calculated on Fully 
Phased basis is equal to 12.01% (11.28% at 30 September 2019, 12.33% at 30 June 2019, 12.24% at 
31 March 2019 and 11.95% at 31 December 2018); 
 
Phased In Tier 1 ratio of 14.35% (13.55% at 30 September 2019, 14.42% at 30 June 2019, 14.32% at 
31 March 2019 and 14.37% at 31 December 2018); 
 
Total Capital ratio (Phased In) of 16.82% (16.12% at 30 September 2019, 17.32% at 30 June 2019, 
17.23% at 31 March 2019 and 17.25% at 31 December 2018). 
 
Note that the BPER Banca Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are 
summarised below: 
 
credit risk - for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna, Bibanca and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Bra, the credit risk measurement is performed using the AIRB method. For Banks and 
other Companies that are not in the scope of validation and for other risk assets not included in the 
validated models, the standardized approach has been maintained; 
 
credit down-rating risk - the standardized approach is used;  
 
market risk - the standardized approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on 
equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to determine 
the related individual and consolidated capital requirement; 
 
operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardized approach (TSA). 
 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Reserve requirement specified 
for the BPER Banca Group of 0.003% at 30 June 2020, raising the overall minimum to 8.128%. Compared 
with that limit, the amount of available equity (CET 1) at 30 June 2020 can be quantified at Euro 2,023 million 
(about 598 bps of CET1) under the phased in transitional arrangements, while on a fully loaded basis it can be 
put at Euro 1,499 million, or about 444 bps of CET 1. 
 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 includes that portion of the profit for the period 
allocable to equity, Euro 104.7 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 of 
ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR).

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 2020.  
 
(in thousands)  
30.06.2020  
Fully 
Loaded 
30.06.2020 
Phased in 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital- 
CET1 
4,240,665 
4,773,562 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
(55,245) 
-1.14 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
151,794 
151,794 
152,092 
152,092 
(298) 
-0.20 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
4,392,459 
4,925,356 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
(55,543) 
-1.12 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
833,371 
833,541 
858,760 
859,015 
(25,474) 
-2.97 
Total Own Funds 
5,225,830 
5,758,897 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
(81,017) 
-1.39 
Total Risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) 
33,744,261 
33,820,055 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
(901,222) 
-2.60 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
12.57% 
14.11% 
12.01% 
13.91% 
20 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
13.02% 
14.56% 
12.45% 
14.35% 
21 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total 
Own Funds/RWA) 
15.49% 
17.03% 
14.94% 
16.82% 
21 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
39.27% 
39.36% 
43.75% 
43.93% 
-457 bps 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 14.11% (13.60% at 31 March 2020 and 13.91% at 31 
December 2019). This ratio calculated on a Fully Loaded basis comes to 12.57% (12.07% at 31 March 
2020 and 12.01% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.56% (14.05% at 31 March 2020 and 14.35% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased In) of 17.03% (16.59% at 31 March 2020 and 16.82% at 31 December 
2019).

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2019 compared with 31 
December 2018. 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
10. 
Interest and similar income  
1,419,767 
1,375,925 
 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
1,395,908 
1,358,857 
20. 
Interest and similar expense  
(255,228) 
(253,488) 
30. 
Net interest income 
1,164,539 
1,122,437 
40. 
Commission income 
1,043,000 
812,147 
50. 
Commission expense 
(111,050) 
(35,882) 
60. 
Net commission income 
931,950 
776,265 
70. 
Dividends and similar income  
14,101 
34,339 
80. 
Net income from trading activities 
180 
1,812 
90. 
Net income from hedging activities 
(1,546) 
1,621 
100. Gains (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of:  
116,600 
91,925 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
38,710 
(77,645) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
77,664 
168,662 
 
c) financial liabilities  
226 
908 
110. Net income on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
(1,241) 
8,664 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
(8,436) 
(4,378) 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
7,195 
13,042 
120. Net interest and other banking income 
2,224,583 
2,037,063 
130. Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to:  
(446,291) 
(223,706) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(447,547) 
(225,772) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,256 
2,066 
140. Gains (Losses)  from contractual modifications without derecognition 
(2,979) 
(2,956) 
150. Net income from financial activities 
1,775,313 
1,810,401 
180. Net income from financial and insurance activities 
1,775,313 
1,810,401 
190. Administrative expenses: 
(1,699,466) 
(1,442,264) 
 
a) staff costs 
(1,049,686) 
(821,494) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(649,780) 
(620,770) 
200. Net provisions for risks and charges 
(12,193) 
(7,794) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
9,032 
16,197 
 
b) other net provisions 
(21,225) 
(23,991) 
210. Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(125,524) 
(70,405) 
220. Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(59,552) 
(48,534) 
230. Other operating expense/income 
188,348 
152,823 
240. Operating costs 
(1,708,387) 
(1,416,174) 
250. Gains (Losses) of equity investments 
7,213 
13,349 
270. Impairment losses on goodwill 
- 
(62,344) 
275. Gain on a bargain purchase 
343,361 
- 
280. Gains (Losses) on disposal investments 
(602) 
294 
290. Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax  
416,898 
345,526 
300. Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(22,446) 
100,264 
310. Profit (Loss) from current operations after tax 
394,452 
445,790 
330. Profit (Loss) for the year 
394,452 
445,790 
340. Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(14,869) 
(43,837) 
350. Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
379,583 
401,953

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department now reports directly to the Parent Company's Chief Executive Officer and 
is broken down into the following Organisational Units: 
 
Rating Office and Risk Governance Office, as staff functions for the Chief Risk Officer; 
 
Financial Risk Department; 
 
Credit and Operational Risk Department; 
 
Credit Control and Internal Ratification Department. 
 
The Risk Management Department, as the Group's risk control function, aims to collaborate in the definition 
and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework and the related risk governance policies, through an 
adequate risk management process. 
An integral part of its mission is to ensure adequate reporting to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company 
and Group companies.  
The Risk Management Department extends its area of responsibility to all of the Group companies included in 
the current risk map, given that the "Group Guidelines - Internal Control System" provide for centralised 
management of the risk control function by the Parent Company. 
The Group companies that have this function outsource it to the Parent Company, with the exception of the 
Luxembourg based company44. 
The mission of the Risk Management Department is carried out as part of the Parent Company's guidance and 
coordination activity as an outsourcer for Group banks and companies.  
The Risk Management Department operates at Group companies through a Contact (who functionally reports 
to it) identified at the various Group companies. 
 
The responsibilities of the Risk Management Department are entrusted to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who 
performs the role with support from the organisational units that report hierarchically to the department. The 
principal activities include: 
 
within the ambit of the Risk Appetite Framework, proposing the quantitative and qualitative 
parameters necessary for its definition, both in the normal course of business and in situations of stress, 
ensuring their adequacy over time in relation to changes in the internal and external context; 
 
proposal of risk governance policies for measurable and non-measurable risks not allocated to other 
control functions (limited to the sections relating to risk management and exposure/operational limits) 
and oversight of their implementation, ensuring that the various stages of the risk management process 
are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
 
development of risk management methodologies, processes and tools via the identification, 
measurement/assessment, monitoring and reporting of risks, ensuring their adequacy over time 
through the development and application of indicators designed to highlight anomalous situations and 
inefficiencies. In particular: 
 
definition of common metrics of operational risk assessment (including IT risks) that are 
consistent with the RAF, in coordination with the Compliance Function, the ICT function and the 
Business Continuity function; 
 
definition of methods to evaluate and control reputational risk, in coordination with the 
Compliance function and the corporate functions that are most exposed to this type of risk; 
                                                     
 
44 Circular CSSF 14/597 – Update of circular CSSF 12/552 on the central administration, internal governance and risk management "117. Outsourcing 
the compliance function and risk control function is not authorised."

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
 
provision of assistance to the Corporate Bodies in the assessment of strategic risk by monitoring 
significant variables. 
 
monitoring the actual risk profile assumed in relation to the risk objectives defined in the RAF, 
collaborating in the definition of operating limits for the assumption of various types of risk and 
constantly verifying their adequacy and compliance, reporting any overruns to Corporate Bodies; 
 
provision of support to the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the ICAAP and ILAAP, 
preparation of reports to be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and coordination of the various 
phases of the process and performance of those assigned to it; 
 
coordination of the process for the preparation and update of the BPER Banca Group recovery plan to 
be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and performance of the phases assigned to it; 
 
coordination of activities associated with the internal stress testing programme with the help of the 
various organisational structures involved, in the various execution areas (operational and regulatory 
stress test); 
 
checking the adequacy and effectiveness of the measures taken to correct weaknesses in the risk 
management process; 
 
development, ratification45 and upkeep of the internal systems of risk measurement, ensuring 
compliance with the instructions issued by the Supervisory Authority, as well as consistency with the 
operational needs of the company and the evolution of the market; 
 
provision of preventive advice on the consistency of more significant transactions with the RAF, 
acquiring if necessary, depending on the nature of the transaction, the opinion of other functions 
involved in the risk management process; 
 
analysis of risks deriving from new products/services and from entry into new business segments; 
 
control of the rating and override processes; 
 
performance of second-level checks on the lending process, verifying the existence of effective 
supervision over credit exposures (especially if impaired), the proper classification of risk and the 
adequacy of provisions; the effectiveness of the recovery process; 
 
involvement in defining, updating and monitoring the Non-Performing Loans strategy (providing 
estimates of the impact on the risk parameters used in the internal rating system and on the Group's 
capital profile in terms of RWA and Shortfall), as well as in policies and processes for their 
management before submission to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and Group companies;  
 
it handles execution of the activities included in the second-level control framework on non-
performing loans; 
 
it coordinates the preliminary activities for the preparation and updating of the Resolution Plan, 
prepared by the Resolution Authority, directly carrying out the steps that are within its sphere of 
competence.  
 
In addition, the Risk Management Department: 
 
takes part in the definition of the Group's strategy, assessing the relative impact on risk; 
 
takes part in deciding on strategic changes to the Group's internal control system. 
 
 
                                                     
 
45 Through the Model Ratification Office

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Business Continuity 
Routine work in the area of business continuity was completed in 2019, making it possible to update the 
Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company, the Business Continuity Plans of those banks and companies 
within the Banking Group with critical processes, and the Disaster Recovery plans of all the companies 
concerned. 
In addition, the following innovative elements were introduced during 2019: 
 
Direct access to Orbit by the managers of organisational units required to complete the BIA analyses 
relevant to them; 
 
Implementation and updates to the “Test” module of the Orbit application used to prepare 
documentation for the Operational Continuity checks carried out by those Group companies whose IT 
systems are aligned;  
 
Enhanced monitoring of critical suppliers via the incremental identification of Operational continuity 
contacts; 
 
Identification of back-up sites for the critical processes of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Saluzzo, respectively in Lagnasco and Bra. 
 
Two internal audits were carried out, covering the “Routine management of Operational Continuity and 
Disaster Recovery and Test Participation” and “Participation in Operational Continuity tests by suppliers and 
third parties”. The outcomes were widely satisfactory. 
 
Additionally, two training sessions were delivered to: 
 
Managers of the functions involved in the impact analysis carried out at all banks and companies 
regarding the “Routine management of Operational Continuity” sub-process; 
 
Contact persons assigned to monitor critical suppliers. 
 
With regard to the Group's annual testing plan, 18 operational continuity tests were carried out (1 on the cyber-
theft of data in walk-through mode; 9 exercises covering the non-availability of human resources, of which 3 
in walk-through mode; 4 exercises covering the non-availability of sites, including 1 in walk-through mode; 1 
exercise covering the non-availability of infrastructure; 1 exercise covering the non-availability of 
infrastructure and the primary site; 1 walk-through exercise on the non-availability of the primary site, 
infrastructure and human resources; 1 exercise on the chain of command during the non-availability of 
infrastructure and critical IT systems), as well as 4 disaster recovery tests (non-availability of IT systems). 
Overall positive outcomes were achieved.  
Group entities also participated in and/or received the results of  14 tests carried out by critical suppliers. 
 
The annual analysis of the Bank's critical processes also highlighted the residual risks, which were brought to 
the attention of the Risk Committee on 20 November 2019 and then to the Board of Directors on 19 December 
2019. The Board meeting held on 19 December 2019 approved the updates to the continuity plan.  
Work is also well advanced on an update to the Group Regulation governing the “Management of Operational 
Continuity” (and related Operating Instructions), with a view to adopting the relevant new internal and external 
regulations, including the new EBA Guidelines. In particular, the document is being finalised and agreed with 
the internal functions involved. 
For any further information related to the epidemic risk (Covid-19 crisis) see also the “Risk Factors” section.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Recent Developments 
Supplementary agreement for the acquisition of a going concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
With reference to the agreement signed on 17 February 2020 with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ("ISP"), as 
subsequently integrated on 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 to regulate the acquisition of a going concern 
by BPER from ISP, on 12 November 2020 BPER announced that, based on an analysis of the distribution 
structure of UBI Banca, the parties signed a supplementary agreement with the aim of completing the definition 
of the branches and proceeding with the identification of the human resources to be included in the going 
concern involved in the acquisition. 
The scope of the going concern comprises 486 branches with accounting autonomy and where customers’ 
accounts are legally registered (7 more than what had already been established by the parties), and 134 so-
called operational units which ensure services to branch customers and do not have accounting autonomy. 
The fact that the operational units form part of the going concern will help to preserve the high quality of the 
service offered to customers, also given the widespread presence in the areas concerned. The geographical 
distribution of the branches and operational units included in the going concern, in line with what had already 
been agreed by the parties, shows a high concentration in Northern Italy, particularly in Lombardy. 
The human resources involved in the going concern come to a total of 5,107 employees, including the portion 
of resources interested by the voluntary exit plan contained in the labour agreement signed by ISP and the 
Trade Unions on 29 September 2020, resulting substantially in line with BPER's objectives and what was 
originally envisaged. The going concern is made up mainly by staff of the network of branches and operational 
units, and of Private Banking and Corporate Services, in addition to "semi-centre" personnel, in support of the 
regional and local units that coordinate the branches being acquired, and "centre" personnel for the 
strengthening of central, control and IT functions. 
At present, the prudential economic estimates of the contribution of the going concern to the combined entity 
(BPER Group plus going concern) are confirmed, in line with what has already been communicated to the 
market. 
The strategic and industrial rationale of the transaction is also confirmed, in line with the objectives of 
dimensional growth and consolidation of the competitive positioning of the BPER Group, strengthening both 
its customer base and market share in regions of great economic importance where BPER currently has a 
limited presence. 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process European Central Bank 
On 27 November 2020 BPER informed that the European Central Bank, in relation to the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (“SREP”), announced that it will not issue any decision on the prudential requirements 
in 2020 and, therefore, BPER will have to comply with the requirements currently in place, also taking into 
account the regulatory change introduced since 12 March 2020.46 
 
Based on this, it is confirmed that BPER will have to maintain a minimum capital ratio in terms of Common 
Equity Tier 1 ("CET1 ratio") of 8.125% on a consolidated basis for 2021, consisting of the sum of the minimum 
regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.125%47 and the Capital 
Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, while the minimum Total Own Funds requirement ("Total Capital ratio") must 
be equal to 12.5%. 
                                                     
 
46 In order to support supervised banks in their lending to the real economy under the extraordinary circumstances linked to the spread of the 
coronavirus (COVID19), the ECB informed BPER on 8 April 2020, with effect from 12 March 2020, about a new method for holding the Pillar 2 
additional own funds requirement of 2%, having to be at least 56.25% of CET1 and 75% of T1. The Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be met 
was therefore equal to 8.125% Phased in. 
47 See note above.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
BPER's consolidated capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 are as follows: 
 Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio Phased In pro-forma48 of 14.61%. This ratio calculated on a pro-
forma Fully Loaded basis comes to 13.03%49; 
 Total capital ratio Phased In pro-forma50 of 17.53%. 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR  
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds 
Name and Legal Form of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 18 March 2015 with the original corporate name 
of “SPV Covered Bond 5 S.r.l.”, as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT 
number, Fiscal Code number and registration number with the Register of Enterprises of Treviso No. 
04730160266. The Guarantor has a duration until 31 December 2100. 
The Guarantor’s Legal Entity Identifier code is 815600CB91E077EF4425 (expiring on 15 March 2021). 
The Guarantor has no website. 
On 13 May 2015 the Issuer requested to Bank of Italy the authorisation to purchase up to 60 per cent of the 
quota capital of the Guarantor and not having the Issuer received any denial on 7 September 2015 the quota 
capital transfer has been duly fulfilled. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 27 July 2015, as recorded in the Chamber of Commerce of 
Treviso on 6 August 2015, the corporate name of the Guarantor was changed from “SPV Covered Bond 5 
S.r.l.” to “Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.”. 
On 16 September 2015 the Guarantor has been included in the BPER Group. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 13 October 2015 the by-laws of the company have been 
amended in order to be compliant with the BPER Group request. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 26 October 2015 a board of directors has been appointed. 
Since the date of its incorporation or establishment, the Guarantor has not commenced operations other than 
those incidental to its incorporation and registration, the change of its corporate name, the inclusion in the 
BPER Group, the authorisation of the participation in the Programme and of the other documents and matters 
referred to or contemplated in this Base Prospectus to which it is or will be a party and matters which are 
incidental or ancillary to the foregoing. 
                                                     
 
48 Reg. 2395/2017 "Transitional provisions for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds" introduced the transitional regime 
(the so-called "phased-in") for the impact of IFRS 9 on own funds, giving banks a chance to spread the effect on own funds over a period of 5 years 
(from March 2018 to December 2022), sterilizing the impact in CET1 by applying decreasing percentages over time. The BPER Banca Group has 
chosen to adopt the so-called "static approach" to be applied to the impact resulting from comparison between the IAS 39 adjustments at 31/12/2017 
and the IFRS 9 adjustments at 1/1/2018. The “proforma” values reported include the result accrued during the third quarter, equal to € 95.9 million, 
for which the request for recognition in the Own Funds has not yet begun and will be finalized with reference to the reporting date for regulatory 
purposes of December 2020. 
49 The Fully Loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio pro-forma has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking 
into account the result for the period, net of the expected pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time 
adoption of IFRS9. The inclusion of the result for the period in CET1 is subject to the approval of the European Central Bank. The authorization process 
for the request for recognition of the result for the period has not yet begun and will be finalized with reference to the reporting date for regulatory 
purposes of December 2020. 
50 See note 47.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and the 
telephone number of the registered office is +39 0438 360900 and the fax number is +39 0438 360 962. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00. 
“Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.” is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no 
commercial name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Business overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to 
other banking groups) against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, 
in compliance with article 7-bis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of 
subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the 
covered bonds issued by such banks or other entities. Pursuant to the Guarantor by-laws, the Guarantor may 
act as a special purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with the article 7-bis of Law 
130 and, therefore, may carry out the above-mentioned activities in the context of one or more covered bond 
transactions or issuance programme other than this Programme. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions 
for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking covered 
bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in 
other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the securities purchased, 
but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business other than the purchase of 
the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller and the issue of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued under this 
Programme. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a board of directors. The directors of the Guarantor are: 
 
Name 
Appointment 
Title 
Principal Activities performed outside 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l., where 
significant for the Guarantor 
Giovanni Battista Chiossi 
Chairman of the 
board of directors 
Lawyer 
No principal outside activity 
Marco Bonfatti 
Director 
Manager 
Head of Accounting Department 
(Responsabile Direzione 
Amministrazione Bilancio), BPER 
S.p.A. 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing Director 
Manager 
No principal outside activity

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
The directors’ address is Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy. 
 
The Company did not appoint a board of statutory auditors pursuant to Article 2477 of the Italian Civil Code. 
Conflict of interest 
Potential conflicts of interests may arise since the director of the Guarantor Marco Bonfatti holds 
simultaneously the position of Head of Accounting Department (Responsabile Direzione Amministrazione 
Bilancio) of BPER S.p.A.. However, in case of such conflict of interest, pursuant to article 2475-ter of the 
Italian Civil Code, the decision adopted by the board of directors with the determining vote of a director with 
a conflict of interest with the company, if causing an economic damage to the company, may be appealed 
within ninety days by the directors. In addition, in accordance with the same article of the Italian Civil Code, 
any contract entered into with the company by directors who have the power to represent the company with 
conflict of interests may be annulled at the request of the company, provided that the rights acquired in good 
faith by third persons on the basis of acts made in execution of the decision are preserved.  
Save as noted above, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties of the directors and their 
respective private interests and/or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided in quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A.: 60 per cent of the quota capital; 
 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.: 40 per cent of the quota capital. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia, a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from SVM 
Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. to sell to BPER the quota of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be 
exercised from the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which 
all amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the other Secured Creditors 
have been paid in full. 
Please also see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – The Quotaholders’ 
Agreement” below. 
No material litigation 
Since the date of the incorporation or establishment of the Guarantor, there have been no governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, 
which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and Profits 
and Losses and Report of the Auditors 
The Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December of each year.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on 
any Business Day (excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor. 
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: Euro 10,000. 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has a quota of Euro 
4,000 each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued, or created but unissued), term loans, 
liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent 
liabilities.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry 
out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the 
register of statutory auditors and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant 
to article 6 of of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended and supplemented, shall be 
independent from the Issuer, the Sellers and the Guarantor and the accounting firms who carry out the audit of 
the Issuer, the Sellers or the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter (the “Asset Monitor Engagement Letter”) entered into on 14 June 2017, 
the Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, 
enrolled with the Companies’ Register of Milan under number 12979880155 and in the register of statutory 
auditors and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to article 6 of 
Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010, as amended from time to time, having its registered office at 
Via Monte Rosa 91, 20149 Milan, Italy, as asset monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject 
to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, 
the control of: (i) the satisfaction of the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF Decree with respect to the 
Receivables, Public Securities and Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the calculations 
performed by BPER with respect to the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance with the limits to the transfer of 
the assets to the Cover Pool set out under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk 
protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in connection with the Programme; and (vi) the 
completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 
129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the Issuer 
an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses 
to the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset 
Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter is governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders (the “Asset 
Monitor Agreement”) and subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent 
to the Asset Monitor, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test and (ii) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the 
Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Test, in each case pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Guarantor, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer a report in the form set out in the 
Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the 
Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset 
Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (i) the Initial Receivables; (ii) any other Eligible Assets; and (iii) any 
Integration Assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Portfolios 
transferred by the Issuer to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as more 
fully described under the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Master Transfer Agreement” 
below. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Eligible Assets consist only of Mortgage Loans transferred by the Seller to the 
Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under “Description of 
the Transaction Documents – Master Transfer Agreement”. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Mortgage Loans from which the Eligible Assets arise mature between 31 
December 2019 (inclusive) and 30 April 2052 (inclusive). 
The composition of the Cover Pool will be dynamic over the life of the Programme. In particular, assets comprised in the 
Cover Pool will change over time as a result, inter alia, of the purchase of any Subsequent Portfolio and the repurchase 
of any Portfolio in each case in accordance with the terms of the Master Transfer Agreement. 
The General Criteria 
The Receivables which have been sold by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell'Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa) (BPER) to Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. are represented by all claims for redemption of the outstanding 
principal amount (including the principal amount of installments due and not paid for) as on the Valuation Date 
(excluded), any right and claim for payment of interest accrued and not collected on the Valuation Date (included) and 
accruing as from the Valuation Date (excluded), including interest on arrears, as well as accessories, expenses, damages, 
compensation and anything arising from mortgage loans or loans entered into pursuant to Article 38 and following of the 
Banking Act that, on the Transfer Date, were in the ownership of BPER and that, at the relevant Valuation Date (unless 
otherwise provided), had the following characteristics (read as cumulative unless otherwise provided): 
1. 
loans whose principal debtors (possibly even as a result of subrogation, assignment or taking over of debts (accollo 
liberatorio)) are: (i) one or more persons (including professionals or entrepreneurs) resident in Italy with regard to 
residential and commercial mortgage loans; (ii) legal persons, having registered office in Italy, or individuals, 
resident in Italy, who have entered into the relevant contract for financing in the exercise of their business activity 
(including professional partnerships and entrepreneurs) for commercial mortgage loans; 
2. 
mortgage loans for which there is no obligation or ability to make additional payments; 
3. 
mortgage loans denominated in euro (or paid in lira and subsequently redenominated in euro) and whose loan 
agreements do not contain provisions that permit the conversion into another currency; 
4. 
mortgage loans whose principal repayment is done in one or several installments according to one of the following 
amortization methods, as detectable on the signing date of the loan or, if existent, the last agreement on the system 
of amortization: 
(i) 
the so-called "French" amortization method (piano di ammortamento alla francese), by which is meant the 
amortization method under which the rate is inclusive of a component of fixed capital at time of the grant 
and increasing over time and a variable interest component;

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
(ii) 
the so-called "Italian" amortization method (piano di ammortamento all’italiana), by which is meant the 
amortization method under which the rates are inclusive of a component of constant capital over time and a 
variable component of interest; 
(iii) amortization method which provides a constant rate and for the duration to be extended up to a maximum 
date; 
(iv) amortization method which provides a single installment of capital repayment at the end of the loan (the so-
called "bullet"); 
5. 
mortgage loans secured by mortgages on real estate located on the territory of the Italian Republic; 
 
6. 
mortgage loans that have been granted under loan agreements governed by Italian law (as specified in the relevant 
loan agreement); 
7. 
mortgage loans secured by (i) a first legal ranking mortgage (ipoteca volontaria di primo grado legale), or (ii) a 
second legal ranking mortgage in respect to which the obligations secured by the higher legal ranking mortgages 
have been fully satisfied;  
8. 
mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the amount of the loan disbursed on the date of signing of the 
loan and (ii) the estimated value of the mortgaged property, determined close to the conclusion of such mortgage is 
equal to or less than 100%. For the purposes of the criteria referred to at the present paragraph 8, "valore di stima 
dell’immobile ipotecato, determinato in prossimità della stipulazione del medesimo mutuo” means the estimated 
value determined on the basis of technical and economic parameters used from time to time by the lending bank in 
the process of the monitoring of the property value as per criteria 5. In order to assess the compliance of the loan 
with the policy referred to at the present paragraph 8, each borrower may, where not already in possession of this 
information, know the value of the revalued mortgaged property by contacting the relevant branch where the 
installment payments of such loan are domiciled; 
9. 
mortgage loans in respect of which the payment of installments is made by automatic debit on a current account 
with a bank belonging to Gruppo Bancario Banca popolare dell'Emilia Romagna (including payment by SDD); 
In any event, are excluded from the sale all receivables arising from loans which, on the Valuation Date, while presenting 
the above characteristics, also present, on the Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided) one or more of the following 
characteristics: 
10. mortgage loans that either derive from "esposizioni oggetto di concessioni" or classified as "sofferenze", 
"inadempienze probabili" and "esposizioni scadute e/o sconfinanti deteriorate" (as defined in the Circular of the 
Bank of Italy n. 272 of 30 July 2008, supplemented by the update no. 7 of 20 January 2015, and as amended from 
time to time – Matrice dei Conti); 
11. mortgage loans that have been granted, in the case of commercial mortgage loans, even as co-holders of such loan, 
to individuals whom, on to the Valuation Date, were employees or bank representatives (under Article 136 of the 
Banking Act) of BPER; 
12. mortgage loans in relation to which the relevant borrower has adhered, in the case of residential mortgage loans, on 
the Valuation Date, by sending the accession letter by mail or has presented the accession letter at any branch of 
BPER, at the proposed renegotiation made under the Italian Law Decree no. 93 of 27 May 2008 converted with 
Italian Law no. 126 of 24 July 2008 and the agreement signed between the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze 
and the Associazione Bancaria Italiana; 
13. residential mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land Registry 
categories: A / 9, A / 10;

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
14. commercial mortgage loans secured by mortgages on properties that fell into one of the following Land Registry 
categories: B / 1, B / 2, B / 3, B / 4, B / 5, B / 6 B / 7, D / 9 , E / 1, E / 2, E / 3 E / 4, E / 5, E / 6, E / 7, E / 8, E / 9, C 
/ 4 and C / 5; 
15. mortgage loans that have been concluded under any law (including regional and / or provincial) or legislation 
providing for contributions or benefits in terms of principal and / or interest (the so-called mutui agevolati e 
convenzionanti) or that have been entered into under any law or regulation which provides financial incentives 
(mutui agevolati), public grants of any kind granted to debtors, mortgagors or any guarantor with respect to the 
principal and/or interest and are not funded with funds from third parties; or are mortgages that have been concluded 
in accordance with Articles 43, 44 and 45 of the Banking Act (cd. "credito agrario e peschereccio”); 
16. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio of (i) the outstanding debt of the principal amount of the loan and (ii) 
the revalued value of the mortgaged property on the Valuation Date, is higher than 80% for residential mortgages 
loans or 60% for commercial mortgages loans. For the purposes of the criteria referred to at the present paragraph 
16, "valore rivalutato di stima dell’immobile ipotecato” means the estimated value determined on the basis of 
technical and economic parameters used from time to time by the lending bank in the process of the monitoring of 
the property value as per criterion 5. In order to assess the compliance of the loan with the policy referred to at the 
present paragraph 16, each borrower may, where not already in possession of this information, know the value of 
the revalued mortgaged property by contacting the relevant branch where the installment payments of such loan are 
domiciled; 
17. mortgage loans that have been granted to public bodies, to public enterprises or other comparable companies, banks 
or financial institutions; 
18. mortgage loans that have been granted to religious institutions, institutions of public assistance, fundraising 
organization, charities or other non-profit organization; 
19. mortgage loans whose principal repayment is made according to the amortization method known as "Mix", and 
meaning the method which provides for a proportion of amortization at fixed rate and another portion at variable 
rate; 
20. mortgage loans whose relative property is still "under construction"; 
21. mortgage loans that have a declared purpose of debt consolidation by the debtor; 
22. mortgage loans that at the date of the grant were secured by collateral represented by pledge on the securities; 
23. commercial mortgage loans granted by a pool of banks; 
24. commercial mortgage loans that have been granted as guarantee arising from the transfer of receivables to the 
Gestore dei Servizi Energetici (GSE) S.p.A., or mortgage loans granted to finance the purchase and installation of 
photovoltaic systems; 
25. mortgage loans used by BPER as guarantees for the refinancing transactions according to the legislative and 
regulatory framework of the Eurosystem.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
THE CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
BPER Credit Policy 
BPER’s origination process, which has been in force without significant modification for the last few years, comprises 
the following stages: 
1. 
Application and collection of documentation; 
2. 
Collection of technical information for mortgage loans; 
3. 
Deliberation; 
4. 
Signing of contracts; and 
5. 
Disbursement. 
Application and collection of documentation 
Following the first contact with the applicant, the necessary data and information are requested. 
In many cases mortgage loan applications are made by customers of BPER in which case a significant amount of 
information is likely to be already available and will only need to be updated. 
Collection of technical information 
The management of the loan application is distributed on a territorial basis: the branch closest to the property offered as 
security is responsible for the analysis of a client’s financial and economic situation. The objective of this analysis is to 
evaluate the credit merits of the client and any possible further guarantees that may be required. 
During this phase, BPER will conduct searches of the central database of risks and collect information from several public 
databases. 
With respect to retail customers, BPER relies on information provided by Centrale Rischi / Centrale Rischi di Importo 
Contenuto (CR/CRIC); EURISC, which gives a picture of the applicant’s track record towards financial institutions in 
terms of missed payments; and Credit Bureau Score, which is a scoring system returning the probability that the applicant 
would default in the following 12 months. 
The local branch also collects information regarding the ability of the applicant to generate income in order to service the 
debt. 
With respect to retail customers the DTI (debt-to-income) ratio is exanimated. Generally, the DTI ratio shall not be higher 
than 35%. Stresses on applicant’s net income are also applied. 
Since September 2008, the result of the analysis performed on the applicant is expressed in terms of a rating system, on 
the basis of which a rating is assigned to the potential borrower summarizing its credit standing.  
In addition to any evaluation of the applicant, a technical and legal examination of the real estate asset offered as a 
mortgage takes place. 
Deliberation 
Once the property appraisal has been completed, the branch transfers all data and documents to the central Loans Office 
which will verify the whole set of information gathered and alert BPER’s appropriate level for deliberation and approval. 
According to the amount of the mortgage loan or the risk for the client, a specific hierarchy of approval authority is in 
place, detailed by the relevant internal procedure, provided that the Board of Directors has no credit approval limits. 
Signing of contracts 
Once the grant of the loan has been approved, the relevant loan agreement is transferred to the relevant BPER’s level in 
order to proceed with the signing of the agreement. A notary is charged for the formal registration of the mortgage.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Disbursement 
Disbursement will only take place once BPER has confirmed that all documentation is in place and that the formal 
registration process has been completed. In addition, funds will only be made available once an insurance contract to 
cover the risk of fire and explosion has been activated. 
BPER Mortgage Monitoring and Management Procedures 
Introduction 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit from their 
respective account held with BPER authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage loan agreement. On 
regular basis a solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid instalment. 
Definitions 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above in the section 
entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans which show 
some criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk deterioration and providing 
assistance to local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are promoted toward 
requiring claims such as: 
 
change of status of loans; 
 
provision adjustment on the non-performing exposures; 
 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start the legal 
recovery procedures; 
 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery process begins.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee until the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay 
principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, ultimate 
payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest and 
principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered 
Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor 
determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the service of a Notice to Pay, for the purpose of testing 
the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(e) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, basis, currency or other risks in respect of amounts 
received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; and 
(f) 
an Italian Cash Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from 
Interest Available Funds in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its 
obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date or Due for Payment Date, as the case may be, in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the 
Covered Bonds for any other reason. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond Guarantee” below, 
as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing the Issuer to do so, the Additional 
Sellers, if any) must ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests described below. 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional 
Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, such obligation shall 
be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme Expiry Date that each of the following 
tests is met: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage Loan in respect 
of which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the MEF 
Decree will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor 
plus the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up 
to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of 
all Series of Covered Bonds at the same time outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present Value 
of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”); and 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the interest 
payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the “Interest Coverage 
Test”), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”). 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Eligible 
Cover Pool (provided that the interest payments expected to be received in respect of any Mortgage Loan 
for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the 
MEF Decree, will be considered up to an amount that, takes into account the Latest Valuation relating to 
that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation 
Periods until the date on which all the outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, 
for the avoidance of doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible 
Investments of principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in 
each and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on the Accounts and any 
additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each and all respective Calculation 
Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to or on each 
and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap Agreements; and 
(ii) 
the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and including payments 
under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates. 
“Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the product of (i) the applicable 
Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due in respect of the outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under or in 
respect of the Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest payments in respect of any

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 2, 
paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree will be considered up to an amount that, takes into account the Latest 
Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage limit); plus  
(ii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap 
Agreements; minus 
(iii) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in accordance with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments; plus 
(iv) 
any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Mortgage Loans and not yet applied 
under the relevant Priority of Payments.  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Tests are to be 
carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means, as at any relevant date, (i) all the Eligible Assets comprised in the Cover Pool which are 
not Non-Performing Loans and (ii) all the Integration Assets up to a nominal amount equal to 15 per cent of the nominal 
amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date. 
“Non-Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least180 consecutive days in arrears, or which has 
been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, this definition 
may differ from the classification of Non-Performing Loan used in the section headed “Description of the Issuer and 
Initial Seller”. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best market practice 
and calculated based on market instruments. 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, shall verify 
compliance with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other 
date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met as at any relevant date if the 
Asset Coverage Test is met as at such date. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be monitored and verified 
from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Initial Issue Date and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure, in accordance with the 
provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate 
Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage 
Test”, and together with the Mandatory Tests, the “Tests”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Y-W-Z 
where: 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as 
at any given date, calculated as the lower of: (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period; and (2) the 
Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a.1) 80 per 
cent for all residential Mortgage Loans that are up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (a.2) 60 per cent for 
all commercial Mortgage Loans that are up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 40 per cent for all 
Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears, but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) zero for 
all Non-Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(a) 
a Mortgage Loan was, during the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
relevant Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required by 
the terms of the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an “Affected 
Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed 
to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans 
(as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(b) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation 
and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding 
Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period 
in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without 
double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or 
in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such 
financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); and/or 
(c) 
the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the applicable legislation and 
regulations (normativa primaria e secondaria), including any order, decree or any other decision issued by 
the judiciary authority (autorità giudiziaria) or administrative authority (autorità amministrativa) or any 
other competent authority, or to the schemes with the relevant associations (accordi con le associzioni di 
categoria), including without limitation the scheme named “Accordo per il Credito 2015” between the 
Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the associations of enterprises for suspension of the debts of small and

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
medium enterprises, according to Italian law No. 190/2014, and the scheme named “Accordo per la 
sospensione del credito alle famiglie” between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the associations of 
consumer clients dated 31 March 2015 as amended and supplemented, during the suspension period (any 
such Mortgage Loan a “Renegotiated Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance 
of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted 
Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Renegotiated Loan multiplied by M (where M is equal 
to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at 
such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 90 days but less than 181 days and (c) 
100 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of more than 180 days); provided however that, for the period starting from 10 June 2020 
(included) and until 30 June 2021 (included), each suspension of payments requested or otherwise granted 
pursuant to Law Decree n. 18 of 17 March 2020 (so called “Decreto Cura Italia”) or any other suspension 
of payments pursuant to preferential regimes granted by the Issuer in connection or as a consequence of 
the spread of epidemics of the new respiratory syndrome “COVID-19” and relevant effects on the economic 
scenario and in line with the recent EBA guidelines on prudential treatment of payment moratoria (along 
with the EBA Guidelines on the application of the definition of default), (any such Mortgage Loan so 
affected a “Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan”), the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal 
Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan multiplied by N (where N is equal 
to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a 
residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 25 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in 
respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 90 days but less 
than 181 days (c) 50 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, 
payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days but less than 271 days and (d) 100 per 
cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of more than 270 days); 
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover 
Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be calculated as the lower of (1) the actual 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied 
by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are less than three months in arrears or not 
in arrears, (b) 40 per cent for Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but are not yet Non-
Performing Loans and (c) zero for all Non-Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), calculated as 
described in item (i)(A) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as described in item (i)(B) above 
and/or (3) the aggregate of the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Renegotiated Loan, calculated 
as described in item (i)(C)above, 
the result of which multiplied by the “Asset Percentage” (as defined below); 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of Accounts (minus any amount deposited to the 
Italian Collection Account, or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any Eligible Institution, 
pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period 
which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to a maximum nominal amount

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
which cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, 15 per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as 
at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and/or Eligible 
Investments as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the amounts standing 
to the credit of the Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into 
account “B” above, 15 per cent of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
“Y” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by Moody’s, 
otherwise the Potential Set-Off Amounts; 
“W” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by Moody’s, 
otherwise the Potential Commingling Amount; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds 
then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) 0.50 per cent (the “Negative Carry Factor”); 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which 
the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of (a) 80.00 
per cent and (b) the higher of (1) such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient 
to maintain the ratings assigned by Moody’s to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date; and (2) to 
the extent that the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s is at the relevant date lower than the corporate rating of the 
Issuer by Moody’s as at the Initial Issue Date, such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, 
as is sufficient to obtain a rating of the Covered Bonds equal to the rating that Moody’s would have assigned by applying 
the same Moody’s methodology used to assign the rating to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date 
and considering a scenario where the corporate rating of the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date was such lower rating; 
“Latest Valuation” means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with the BoI 
Regulations; 
“Potential Commingling Amount” means: 
(i) 
an amount equal to 2.1 per cent of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but excluding 
any Non-Performing Loans; or 
(ii) 
if the Second Moody’s Rating Trigger is outstanding and (x) any of the remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) or (ii) 
of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to zero or (y) none of the remedies set out in 
clause 14.1.1(i) and (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to 2.625 per cent of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but excluding any Non-Performing Loans. 
The Potential Commingling Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis;  
A “Second Moody’s Rating Trigger” will be deemed to be outstanding if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt ratings assigned by Moody’s are at any time below “P2” by Moody’s; 
“Potential Set-Off Amounts” means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that could 
potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any case will never be 
lower than the Moody’s Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation 
Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, except when the Issuer’s short term rating is at 
least “P1” by Moody’s. The Potential Set-Off Amounts will be updated at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer 
of Receivables to the Guarantor; 
“Moody’s Set-Off Exposure” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the lower of:

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan of cash 
multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant 
Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" 
(OTC) derivative transaction and (2) the aggregate amount as at the relevant date of cash multiplied by (1 minus 
15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative 
exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative 
transaction, minus the Moody’s Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as at the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
“Moody’s Deposit Compensation” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit 
and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage 
Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving 
accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller as at the relevant date, minus an amount equal to the 
instalments due and paid under the relevant Mortgage Loan during the immediately preceding two months, and 
(b) zero; and 
(ii) 
the Compensation Threshold; 
“Compensation Threshold” means Euro 100,000.00; 
“Transfer Date” means, in respect of each Receivable arising under a Mortgage Loan, the later of (i) the date on which 
the relevant notice of assignment has been published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana and (ii) the date 
on which the relevant notice of assignment has been deposited with the relevant companies’ register. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any 
Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to 
the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher 
than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation Test”). 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the “Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A* Guarantee Asset Percentage +B+C-Z 
where: 
“A” is the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M. 
For the purposes of items (1) and (2) above, M is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three 
months in arrears or not in arrears, (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months in arrears but 
are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans. 
minus

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage 
Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding Calculation Period: 
(I) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, an Affected Loan. In this event, the 
aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the 
last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) 100 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that 
are up to three months in arrears or not in arrears, and (b) 85 per cent for all Mortgage Loans that are more than 
three months in arrears but are not yet Non-Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent for all Non-Performing Loans; 
and/or 
(II) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material representation and 
warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in any preceding Calculation 
Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss 
incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such 
financial loss to be calculated by the Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) above 
and to be set off against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the 
Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); and/or 
(III) 
any Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, a Renegotiated Loan. In this event, the 
aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated 
on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of each Renegotiated Loan calculated as the lower of (1) 
and (2) in “A” above multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, 
as at such date, payments have been suspended for less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in 
respect of which, as at such date, payments have been suspended for more than 90 days but less than 181 days and 
(c) 100 per cent for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been suspended 
for more than 180 days); provided however that, for the period starting from 10 June 2020 (included) and until 30 
June 2021 (included), the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover 
Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Covid-19 
Renegotiated Loan multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect 
of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 25 per cent for all 
Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of 
more than 90 days but less than 181 days (c) 50 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, 
as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days but less than 271 days and (d) 
100 per cent for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual 
suspension period of more than 270 days).  
Guarantee Asset percentage is equal to 1/(75% * (1/(AP) -1)+1) where AP is the Asset Percentage used on the last 
Calculation Date preceding the service of a Notice to Pay. 
“B” is the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool up to 
the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been provisioned as at the relevant Calculation 
Date to acquire further Subsequent Portfolios or otherwise provisioned in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“C” is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and/or Eligible 
Investments as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Z” is the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered Bonds then 
outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor or the service of the Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) and on any other date on which the 
verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is deemed to 
be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
Following the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be 
entitled to serve a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. To avoid any doubt the service of a Breach of the amortisation Test Notice shall not constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default. 
Consequences of the service of a Guarantor Dafault Notice on the Guarantor 
Following the occurrence of any Guarantor Event of Default, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be 
entitled to serve a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement 
and: 
(a) 
all the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at their Outstanding Principal Balance together 
with any appropriate accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-
Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bonds Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the Guarantor for an amount equal 
to the Outstanding Principal Balance together with any appropriate accrued interest and any other amount due 
under the Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without further notice, subject to adequate 
satisfaction before doing so, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) as it may deem fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such 
proceedings or steps unless requested or authorized to do so by a resolution of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(c) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use its best effort to sell Receivables and/or the Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in accordance with the 
provisions of this Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
1) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at all 
times maintain, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured Creditors, the 
following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Expenses Account”; 
(b) 
the “Quota Capital Account”, a euro-denominated deposit account or any other account as may replace it 
in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement into which the sum representing 100 per 
cent of the Guarantor’s equity capital (equal to Euro 10,000) has been deposited and will remain deposited 
therein for so long as all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer have been paid in full; 
Expenses Account 
Payments into the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount will be credited on the Expenses Account out of 
the interest collections received from the Initial Receivables credited to the Initial Collection Account 
during the period starting from the Initial Valuation Date and ending on the Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals the Expense Required Amount; 
and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Expenses Account (if any) will be credited thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
at any time the Italian Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expenses Account to 
pay the Expenses on the basis of the payment instructions from time to time received from the Guarantor 
or the Corporate Servicer; and 
(b) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
2) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at all 
times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest 
of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Italian Collection Account”; 
(b) 
the “Italian Payments Account”; 
(c) 
the “Italian Cash Reserve Account”; and 
(d) 
the “Italian Commingling Account”. 
Italian Collection Account 
Payments into the Italian Collection Account: 
(a) 
all the collections and/or recoveries arising out of the Portfolios as they are collected and/or received and 
deposited by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement; 
(b) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of the Portfolios under the Master Transfer 
Agreements and the Servicing Agreement;

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(c) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreements and to be used for the purposes of creating 
Eligible Deposits;  
(d) 
all other sums paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents including – for the avoidance 
of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Sellers in accordance with the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements; 
and 
(e) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Italian Collection Account (if any) will be credited thereto. 
Withdrawals from the Italian Collection Account: 
(a) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Collection Account to the English Investment 
Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the 
credit of, the Italian Collection Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
(b) 
on quarterly basis and on the basis of the Payment Instructions from time to time received from the 
Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer, the amount necessary to fund the Italian Payments Account; and 
(c) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the amount necessary to fund the Expense Required Amount. 
Italian Payments Account 
Payments into the Italian Payments Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to the credit of 
Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; 
(b) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap Agreements will 
be credited to the Italian Payments Account, except for collateral to be credited to the relevant English 
Swap Collateral Account; 
(c) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Selected Assets under the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement; 
(d) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts held with both the Italian Account Bank and the English 
Account Bank (except as otherwise provided herein); 
(e) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the English Investment 
Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the Eligible Investments and 
Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if any, will be 
transferred to the Italian Payments Account; 
(f) 
upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent any amount standing to the credit of the Italian 
Commingling Account shall be credited on the Italian Payments Account; 
(g) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or cancelled in full 
and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of 
the English Investment Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; and 
(h) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed in full or cancelled in full 
and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of 
the Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account. 
Withdrawals from the Italian Payments Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report and 
Payment Instructions, will, no later than 13.00 (Italian time), make those payments as are indicated in the 
relevant Payments Report in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments (including any payment 
as purchase price of Subsequent Portfolios) other than those set out in paragraph (b) below; and

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
(b) 
one Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after the service of a Notice to Pay, the 
Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report, will transfer to the Subsequent Paying Agent 
the amounts necessary for the Subsequent Paying Agent to execute payments of interests and principal due 
in relation to the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
Italian Cash Reserve Account 
Payments into the Italian Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, monies will be credited to the Italian Cash Reserve Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals the relevant 
Required Reserve Amount on such Guarantor Payment Date; 
Withdrawals from the Italian Cash Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on the second Business Day before each Guarantor Payment Date all the amounts standing to the credit of 
the Italian Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Italian Cash Reserve 
Account, if any, will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account;  
(c) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Cash Reserve Account to the English Investment 
Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the 
credit of, the Italian Cash Reserve Account on the relevant Investment Date; and 
(d) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of the Italian 
Cash Reserve Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Italian Commingling Account 
Payments into the Italian Commingling Account: 
(a) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period, and in any event within 14 days following the 
BPER downgrade provided for under Article 14.1.1 of the Servicing Agreement, an amount, as calculated 
by the Servicer according to Article 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing Agreement, will be credited to the Italian 
Commingling Account; 
Withdrawals from the Italian Commingling Account: 
(a) 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Italian Commingling Account, shall be credited on the Italian 
Payments Account upon instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent; and 
(b) 
within the fifth Business Day of each Collection Period any amount exceeding the calculation provided by 
the Servicer according to Article 14.1.1 (ii) of the Servicing Agreement will be paid back to the Servicer; 
and 
(c) 
the Italian Account Bank will transfer from the Italian Commingling Account to the English Investment 
Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and standing to the 
credit of, the Italian Commingling Account on the relevant Investment Date. 
3) 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at all 
times maintain with the English Account Bank, in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured 
Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “English Investment Account”;  
(b) 
the “English Securities Account”.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
English Investment Account 
Payments into the English Investment Account: 
(a) 
an English Investment Account into which (i) amounts standing to the credit of the Italian Collection 
Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account and the Italian Commingling Account will be deposited upon 
discretion of the Investment Agent and (ii) on each Liquidation Date, by 15.00 (Italian time), the proceeds 
of the liquidation of the relevant Eligible Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities 
standing to the credit of the English Securities Account and the interest accrued on the investments until 
the end of the Collection Period, if any, will be credited;  
(b) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the English Investment Account (if any) will be credited thereto; 
Withdrawals from the English Investment Account: 
(a) 
the funds standing to the credit of the English Investment Account (if any) will be used to make Eligible 
Investments in accordance with Clause 11 of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the English Investment 
Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the relevant Eligible Investments 
and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if any, will be 
transferred to the Italian Payments Account; and 
(c) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing to the credit of the English 
Investment Account will be transferred to the Italian Payments Account and used to make payments in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Investment Date” means any date in which the Investment Agent elects to make investments according to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
English Securities Account 
Payments into the English Securities Account: 
(a) 
all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased upon instruction of the Investment Agent with 
the amounts standing to the credit of the English Investment Account, pursuant to any order of the 
Investment Agent, and all Integration Assets consisting of securities will be deposited. 
Withdrawals from the English Securities Account: 
(a) 
on each relevant Liquidation Date, by 13.00 (Italian time) the Eligible Investments standing to the credit 
of the English Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds credited to the English Investment 
Account by the Cash Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13.00 (Italian time) 
of the last day of the relevant Collection Period; 
(b) 
the Integration Assets consisting of securities will be liquidated in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and proceeds credited to the English Investment Account by the Cash Manager 
promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant 
Collection Period; and 
(c) 
before 13.00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period, the interest accrued on the 
investments until the end of the Collection Period standing to the credit balance of the English Securities 
Account, if any, will be transferred to the English Investment Account. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any 
amount other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the Payments Report 
Date falling on six months after the immediately following Payments Report Date for the Principal 
Available Funds.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account becoming 
overdrawn.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between BPER as Initial Seller and the 
Guarantor, as subsequently amended and restated (the “BPER Master Transfer Agreement”), the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred without recourse (pro soluto) to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary receivables arising from 
Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Receivables”) and (b) may assign and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) any portfolio 
of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets (the “Subsequent Portfolio”) to the Guarantor from time to time, in the cases 
and subject to the limits on the transfer of Subsequent Portfolios. 
“Eligible Assets” means the Mortgage Loans and the Public Securities.  
“Integration Assets” (Attività Idonee Integrative) means the assets mentioned in Article 2, paragraph 3, point 2 and 3, of 
the MEF Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) securities issued by banks 
residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one year, which, according to the MEF Decree, may be 
sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 15% of the Portfolio. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari residenziali 
and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF 
Decree. 
“Public Securities” means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, lett. c), of the MEF 
Decree. 
“Subsequent Portfolio” (Portafoglio Successivo) means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets which, 
further to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase from the Initial Seller and/or the Additional 
Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Valuation Date” means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 30 June 2015; and (ii) in respect of any portfolio of 
Subsequent Portfolios, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Portfolios. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the purchase price for the Subsequent 
Portfolios will be determined pursuant to the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
The Subsequent Portfolio 
In accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER may (or, 
in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests and the other tests provided for in the Transaction 
Documents, shall) transfer further Subsequent Portfolios in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
to collateralise the issue of further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the Limits to the 
Assignment (each an “Issuance Assignment”); 
(b) 
to invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to 
compliance with the provisions of the MEF Decree (the “Integration Assignment”). 
The Integration Assignment 
The integration of the Cover Pool (whether through Integration Assets or Subsequent Portfolios) shall be allowed solely 
for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test or to comply with the Integration 
Assets Limit (as defined below) provided for under the OBG Regulations.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets provided that, the Integration Assets 
shall not be, at any time, higher than 15 per cent of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3, of the MEF Decree consisting 
of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with 
residual maturity not greater than one year, which, according to the MEF Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the 
limit of 15% of the Portfolio. 
Further assignments 
Each Subsequent Portfolio shall be exclusively composed of monetary receivables arising under Mortgage Loans, which 
comply with the general criteria indicated in schedule 1 to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the “General Criteria”) 
and, if applicable in relation to the relevant transfer, the Specific Criteria specified in the relevant offer for sale sent by 
the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Portfolios shall be conditional upon: 
(a) 
for the Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance with the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as 
a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with;  
(b) 
for the Issuance Assignments, (i) sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan, to pay the 
relevant purchase price, (ii) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (iii) confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of 
such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with; and 
(c) 
for the Integration Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan and/or, only 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance with 
the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, 
as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with. 
Price adjustments 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolio does not 
meet the Criteria and was therefore erroneously transferred to the Guarantor, then such Initial Receivable or 
Subsequent Portfolio will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any initial receivable or subsequent receivable which met 
the Criteria was not included in the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Portfolios, then such Initial Receivable 
or Subsequent Portfolios shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred to the Guarantor as of the 
Valuation Date of the relevant Initial Receivable or Subsequent Portfolios, pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor have set up a proper mechanism 
to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or acquisition of the relevant Initial Receivables or Subsequent 
Portfolios and the increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the amounts already paid as purchase price. 
Repurchase of receivables and Pre-emption right 
(a) 
The Initial Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian Civil Code, to repurchase the 
Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, also in different tranches, in accordance with the terms 
and conditions set out in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(b) 
According to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller is granted a pre-emption right to repurchase 
the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Portfolios assigned by it, to be sold by the Guarantor to third parties, at the 
same terms and conditions provided for such third parties. 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Subsequent Portfolios 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Portfolios 
from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the Programme Termination Date 
has occurred; or (b) a Notice to Pay has been served on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof, “Programme Termination Date” means the later of: 
(i) 
the date falling on the last calendar day of the tenth year after the Initial Issue Date; and 
(ii) 
the date on which all Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been redeemed in full. 
Moreover, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Portfolios from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon 
the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a breach of material obligations of BPER as Initial Seller pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the event such breach is not cured within the period specified in the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (b) any material breach of BPER’s representations and 
warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and such breach has a material adverse effect 
on the Covered Bondholders; (c) a material adverse change has occurred in respect of BPER; (d) a change of control of 
BPER which has caused BPER not to be part of the BPER Group; and (e) winding up of BPER, or opening of other 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with respect to BPER. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to purchase 
Subsequent Portfolios from BPER without prejudice, however, with the provisions set out in the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement in relation to Integration Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Initial Seller in respect of its 
activities in relation to the Receivables. The Initial Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities 
with respect to the Receivables which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any Receivables and, in particular, 
not to assign or transfer the Receivables to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance 
or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables. The Initial Seller has also undertaken to refrain 
from any action which could cause any of the Receivables to become invalid or cause a reduction in the amount of any 
of the Receivables or the Covered Bond Guarantee. The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Initial 
Seller shall waive any set off rights in respect of the Receivables, and co-operate actively with the Guarantor in any 
activity concerning the Receivables. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a member of the BPER Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Portfolio, to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and 
which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each an “Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the “Master Transfer Agreements” and, 
any one of them, a “Master Transfer Agreement”); and 
(ii) 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, respectively.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Governing law 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Guarantor appointed BPER (in such capacity, the “Servicer”) as servicer of the Receivables pursuant to the terms of 
a servicing agreement dated 17 September 2015, as subsequently amended (the “Servicing Agreement”).  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with the 
Receivables, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for the management of the Receivables respectively 
assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di 
cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides that the 
Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, the following 
activities: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables in accordance with the collection policies, 
management and administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
being responsible for data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) in respect of the data 
relating to the Receivables respectively assigned by it pursuant to Article 29 of the Legislative Decree No. 196 of 
30 June 2003, as amended and supplemented from time to time, (the “Decree 196/2003”) and to Article 4 of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of 27 April 2016 (“GDPR” and, together with the Decree 196/2003, the “Privacy 
Law”); 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the respective documents relating to the Receivables respectively assigned 
by it; to consent to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders examining and inspecting 
the documents and drawing copies; and 
(d) 
upon the service of a Notice to Pay, a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, to comply 
with the instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if acting on behalf of the 
Guarantor, sell or offer to sell to third parties one or more Receivables, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except, inter alia, for the 
supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 3 April 2015, No. 288, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the activities 
performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified for any losses, 
costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the collections and recoveries made 
in respect of the Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. After the occurrence of a breach of any of the Tests, 
and until the date on which such breach has been cured, or, prior to a breach of any of the Test, at any time at its discretion, 
the Servicer will prepare and submit to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency and the Guarantor Calculation Agent. The reports will provide the main 
information relating to the Servicer’s activity during each such period.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Successor Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have the right to 
withdraw the appointment of the relevant Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (each a “Successor 
Servicer”). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, management and collection 
of the relevant Receivables in respect of which it has been appointed, as well as all other activities provided for in the 
relevant Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents as 
the relevant Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following the occurrence 
of certain termination events set out in the Servicing Agreement (each a “Servicer Termination Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include, inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the relevant Servicer which failure continues for a period of 
five Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer of a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the 
relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
the Bank of Italy has proposed to the Minister of Finance to admit the relevant Servicer to any insolvency 
proceeding or a request for the judicial assessment of the insolvency of the relevant Servicer has been filed with 
the competent office or the relevant Servicer has been admitted to the procedures set out in articles 74 and 76 of 
the Banking Act, or a resolution is passed by the relevant Servicer with the intention of applying for such 
proceedings to be initiated; 
(c) 
failure by the relevant Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of written notice from 
the Guarantor and such failure is reasonably deemed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
the representations and warranties made by the Servicer in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are 
materially false or misleading and such misrepresentation is reasonably deemed by the Representative of the 
covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities acting as 
servicer; and 
(f) 
the Servicer ceases to belong to the BPER Group.  
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, it is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the “BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller made 
certain representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolios of Receivables transferred and to be 
transferred by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent transfer date and 
as of each Issue Date, the Initial Seller has given to the Guarantor, inter alia, representations and warranties about: (a) its 
status and powers, (b) the information and the documents provided to the Guarantor, (c) its legal title on the Receivables 
assigned by it, (d) the status of the Receivables assigned by it and (e) the terms and conditions of the Receivables assigned 
by it. 
Pursuant to the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Initial Seller has undertaken to fully and promptly 
indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against any and all damages,

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and disbursements 
and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for damages by third parties) awarded against, or 
incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being actually false, incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Initial Seller to 
perform any of the obligations and undertakings assumed by the Initial Seller under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party.  
Moreover, the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement provides that, in the event of a misrepresentation or a breach 
of any of the representations and warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of one or more Receivables or the interest of the Guarantor 
in such Receivables, and such misrepresentation or breach is not cured, whether by payment of damages or 
indemnification or otherwise, by the Initial Seller within a period of 30 (thirty) days from receipt of a written notice from 
the Guarantor to that effect (the “Cure Period”), the Guarantor has the option, pursuant to article 1331 of the Italian Civil 
Code, to assign and transfer to the Initial Seller all of the Receivables affected by any such misrepresentation or breach 
(the “Affected Receivables”). The Guarantor will be entitled to exercise the put option by giving to the Initial Seller, at 
any time during the period commencing on the Business Day immediately following the last day of the Cure Period and 
ending on the day which is 180 days after such Business Day, written notice to that effect (the “Put Option Notice”). 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolio to the Guarantor, will be, inter alia, required to enter into with 
the Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and 
conditions of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an “Additional Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements”). 
Governing law 
The BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 17 September 2015, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as subsequently 
amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted to the Guarantor 
a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the BPER Commitment Limit. Under 
the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant 
price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the Guarantor by it, including the Subsequent Portfolios or 
Integration Assets to be transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by the Initial Seller 
pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan advanced to fund the purchase 
price of Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent Portfolios and/or Integration Assets in the framework of an 
Integration Assignment (the “Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying any amount 
required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent 
Portfolios in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the “Price Adjustment Advance”); and (d) 
financing the creation of Eligible Deposits (the “Eligible Deposits Advance” and, together with the Issuance Advance, 
the Integration Advance and the Price Adjustment Advance, the “Advances”).  
The Guarantor shall pay any interest due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
“Subordinated Loan Interest” means:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and, in the event that such Notice to Pay has been revoked, an amount equal 
to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Interest Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (ix) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment; or 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been revoked, but prior to 
the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the higher 
of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments; or 
(c) 
following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice but prior the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority 
of Payments. 
(d) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum 
of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority 
of Payments. 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments.Notwithstanding the above, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, upon receipt by the Guarantor of 
a request from the Initial Seller, the Advances shall be repaid by the Guarantor prior to the date that matches the maturity 
date of the relevant series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments, provided that the Calculation Agent confirms that, as a result of such early repayment, the Asset Coverage 
Test and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with. 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Portfolios to the Guarantor will be required to enter into with the Guarantor 
a subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement an “Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together 
with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
In such event, the portion of Subordinated Loan Interest to be paid to the Initial Seller and the relevant Additional Sellers 
will be determined on the basis of the formula to be agreed from time to time by the Initial Seller such Additional Sellers 
and the Guarantor (and indicatively based on the portion of assets transferred by each Seller at any date with respect to 
the aggregate amount of the Cover Pool at the same date). 
Governing law 
The BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 and of the MEF Decree. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
(i) 
following the service of a Notice of Pay or a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but prior to the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, unconditionally and 
irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered 
Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date; and 
(ii) 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the 
benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the Due for 
Payment Date. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, paragraph 1 of Law 130 and article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee provided under this 
Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima richiesta) and therefore 
provides for direct and independent obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. The obligation of 
payment under this Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) obligation of the 
Guarantor, irrespective of, and unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability or genuineness of any of the 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, with limited recourse to the Available Funds.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee is not a “fideiussione” and therefore the provisions of the Italian Civil Code relating to 
fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della fideiussione), 1944, 
paragraph 2 (Obbligazione del fideiussore), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore 
per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione 
principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
or a Guarantor Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be made, subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the 
relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, subject as described below in relation to an Article 74 Event. In addition, if 
an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms, where the Guarantor is required to make a 
payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, to the extent that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available after payment of higher 
ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the relevant Priority of Payments, to 
pay such Guaranteed Amounts, it shall make partial payments of such Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-
Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments on such Maturity Date and any such amount due and remaining unpaid on 
such date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date, if applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default arising as a result of a resolution issued in respect of the Issuer 
pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act (an “Article 74 Event”) and the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor, in 
accordance with Article 4, paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, shall be solely responsible for making the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts falling due under the relevant Covered Bonds during the applicable Suspension Period. The 
Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (the “Article 74 Event Cure Notice”), informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, 
provided that in relation to such cure event, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled, if it deems 
appropriate, to receive and to rely upon prior confirmation from competent professionals of such cure event having 
occurred. Upon service of the Article 74 Event Cure Notice and unless a Notice to Pay in connection with the occurrence 
of another Issuer Event of Default has been otherwise served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligation

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
to make payment of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee shall cease to apply and 
the Issuer shall resume responsibility for making any payment due under the Covered Bonds. 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will become Pass 
Through Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions and will rank pari passu and without any preference amongst 
themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance with the Post-Breach of 
Amortisation Test Priority of Payments. 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will accelerate against the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions and will become immediately due and payable ranking pari passu and 
without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied in accordance 
with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be made 
without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or other 
governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the Italian Republic or 
any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof unless such withholding or deduction is required by law or 
regulation. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such 
withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax authority for the amount required to be withheld or 
deducted. The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of 
such withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the Guarantor – also in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Pool Administration Agreement and with 
reference and as of the date of compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer 
in accordance with the provisions of article 4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree – shall substitute the Issuer in every and 
all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set 
out for the relevant Covered Bonds, so that the rights of the Covered Bondholders to receive payments under such Covered 
Bonds in such circumstances shall only be a right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor 
in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall be subrogated in the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis 
the Issuer and shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with the provisions of 
article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer. Any amount so 
recovered from the Issuer shall form part of the Available Funds. 
As a result and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders) has irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the Guarantor – to the 
Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer and to demand performance by the Issuer of any of its payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds, including any right to enforce any acceleration of payment against the Issuer 
provided under the Conditions or under applicable laws and regulations. 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms.  
“Due for Payment Date” means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due 
for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bond, the amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, and (ii) following the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the 
Guarantor but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, 
the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date or (iii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early 
Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered 
Bonds on the Due for Payment Date, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds 
provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as 
the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed 
Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the 
extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-
possession or trustee in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, 
and has not been paid or recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only with respect to the 
first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the relevant 
Notice to Pay has been served on any CB Payment Date or within two Business Days after any CB Payment Date, 
the day which is seven Business Days after such CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of the relevant Pass Through Series shall be 
the Extended Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice 
on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series, 
such CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of all 
outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due and payable 
under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms falling 
on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts 
of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in 
the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional 
amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a 
Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due 
and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) as specified in the 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, 
premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such 
Extended Maturity Date. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the 
Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer and ending on the date on which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties that the 
Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible 
for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that falls due and payable during such period. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date (the “Corporate Services 
Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain corporate, administrative and 
accounting services, including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently amended, 
(the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in its own 
capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, BPER in any capacity, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Investment Agent, the English Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the 
Primary Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Calculation Agent (with the exception of the Guarantor, the “Secured 
Creditors”), the parties agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of 
the Guarantor’s payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to the service of 
a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or 
towards satisfaction of the payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, 
in accordance with, respectively, the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments and the Post-Guarantor Event 
of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured Creditors will 
be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors will have a 
claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject to and as provided for in the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the Secured Creditors have irrevocably agreed that, 
upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities provided by the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice and (b) to exercise, in the name and on 
behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the Guarantor, also in the interest and for the benefit 
of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, and Article 1726 of the Italian Civil Code), any 
and all of the Guarantor’s Rights, including, without limitation, the right to give instructions, under each relevant 
Transaction Document, to each of the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Sellers, 
the Subordinated Loan Providers, the Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Subsequent

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and any other Secured Creditors. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result of its taking any action or failing to 
take any action in accordance with such mandate, except in the case of its wilful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o 
colpa grave). 
“Guarantor’s Rights” means the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Cover Pool, any rights that the 
Guarantor has under the Transaction Documents and any other rights that the Guarantor has against any Secured Creditors 
(including any applicable guarantors or successors) or third parties in connection with the Programme. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, 
the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a 
cash management and agency agreement, as subsequently amended, (the “Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the English Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Primary 
Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and 
reporting services, together with account handling and cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
5 (five) Business Days after the end of the Calculation Period, as the case may be, the English Account Bank and 
the Italian Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with a report together with account handling 
services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(b) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will, inter alia, calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following Guarantor 
Payment Date (including, if any, amounts due to, respectively, BPER pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement and the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the Additional Subordinated Loan Agreements) pursuant 
to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Cash 
Manager payments report to that effect (the “Payments Report”);  
(c) 
upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible Investments and the amounts of each of 
the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and 
will, prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders a report to that effect (the 
“Post-Acceleration Report”);  
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with an investors report (the “Investor 
Report”) which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds; the Investor 
Report will be fully available at the Guarantor Calculation Agent web site no later than five Business Days 
following each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
the Primary Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in accordance with the Conditions 
and the other Transaction Documents;  
(f) 
after the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent Paying Agent will make 
the payments due on the Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
(g) 
on any Estense CPT Cover Pool Report Date, the Calculation Agent shall prepare a report setting out certain 
information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR 
(the “Estense CPT Cover Pool Report”). The Estense CPT Cover Pool Report will be published in the Issuer’s 
web site.  
Account Banks 
The Italian Collection Account, the Italian Payments Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account, the Italian Commingling 
Account will be opened in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the Italian Account Bank, and the amounts 
standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
The English Investment Account, the English Securities Account and the English Swap Collateral Account will be opened 
in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the English Account Bank (together with the Italian Account Bank, 
the “Account Banks”), and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account shall be operated by any bank as selected by the Corporate Servicer 
and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Banks shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the Accounts are 
maintained and such records will, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, as the case may be, show 
separately: (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business of the last day of the relevant 
Calculation Period; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business of the 
last day of the relevant Calculation Period; and (iii) details of all amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made 
from, each of the Accounts, respectively, in the course of the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account 
Banks will inform the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the 
balance of those of the Accounts which are held with it. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the English 
Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank shall always qualify as an Eligible Institution, and failure to so qualify shall 
constitute a termination event thereunder. 
Investment Agent 
During each Collection Period, the Investment Agent may instruct the Italian Account Bank and the Cash Manager to 
invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the English Investment Account in Eligible Investments 
which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated thereby, and principal thereof, will be transferred to the 
English Investment Account, and will form part of the Available Funds on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types and amounts of 
Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on which markets, any 
purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer and the Rating 
Agency, the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the Covered Bonds. 
On each Payments Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the 
following Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and submit to the 
Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Subsequent 
Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Banks and the Corporate

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
Servicer the relevant Payments Report. The Payments Report will set out the Available Funds and payments to be made 
on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. Such 
Payments Report will be available for inspection during normal business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer 
fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such amounts shall be applied to make 
payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments. Any 
amount that will not be used and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on each Guarantor Payment 
Date shall remain credited onto the Italian Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds and applied on 
the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date.  
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer 
fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such amounts shall be applied to make payments 
under the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent shall, on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible Investments and the amounts of each of the 
payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will prepare 
and submit the Post-Acceleration Report to, inter alios, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, each of the 
Secured Creditors, the Issuer and the Rating Agency as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of request for 
its production and, in any event, no later than five Business Days following such request.  
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date. 
“Investor’s Report Date” means five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, execute the payment instructions stated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and shall allocate the amounts 
standing on the Accounts according to the relevant Priority of Payments on the basis of the Payments Report or the Post-
Acceleration Report (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare the Test Performance Reports, subject to receipt by it of reports from the Servicer, 
the Cash Manager, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer. 
Primary Paying Agent 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Primary Paying Agent will make payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions, the 
relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Subsequent Paying Agent 
After the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in accordance 
with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Subsequent Paying Agent shall make payments of principal 
and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee,

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the rules and procedures of 
Monte Titoli. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks, the Cash Manager or the Subsequent Paying Agent 
ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Guarantor, 
provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents in writing to such 
termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Management and Agency Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The opening and managing provisions concerning the English Investment Account, the English Securities Account and 
the English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, (and the duties of the English Account Bank in respect thereof) and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have entered into a cover pool administration 
agreement, as subsequently amended (the “Cover Pool Administration Agreement”). Pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Initial Seller and the Guarantor have undertaken certain 
obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the Tests (as described in detail in the 
section headed “Credit structure – Tests” below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional 
Sellers (if any) shall procure on a ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, such obligation shall be 
deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme Termination Date that the Mandatory 
Test (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests” below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, that the Asset Coverage 
Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any 
Additional Seller will ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, that the Amortisation Test (as 
defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, that the Asset Coverage Test is met as of 
the date specified in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and, following the service of a Notice to Pay, that the 
Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Sellers, the Swap Counterparties, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agency and the Asset Monitor, a report setting out the calculations carried 
out by it with respect of the Tests (the “Test Performance Report”). Such report shall specify the occurrence of a breach 
of the Mandatory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Amortisation Test. 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of any Test, the 
Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent use the Available Funds to 
purchase Subsequent Portfolios in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient, 
the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Subsequent Portfolios, in an amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the 
next following Monthly Calculation Date. Failing the Issuer to cure the Tests, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, 
and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent Portfolios. If the Tests are not satisfied on 
the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice 
(the “Breach of Tests Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant Tests are not satisfied on or before the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall, 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Breach of the 
Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor 
shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds) direct – in the date falling (i) within 
30 calendar days after the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor following a non-payment referred to 
under Condition 11 (Events of Default) or (ii) in any other case of a service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor other than for a non-payment, six months prior to the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds 
(the Sale Date) – the Servicer to sell the Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in 
the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and applied as set out in the applicable 
Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor shall, through a tender process, appoint a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of a recognised 
standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of receivables, to act as cover pool 
manager (the Cover Pool Manager), on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price 
for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than 
Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to advise it in relation to the sale of 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits 
(except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in 
the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Admnistration Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of 
the Cover Pool Manager in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and will include the duty to prepare and send to the Rating Agency a business plan containing 
any relevant information on the sale of assets performed by it pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. The Servicer will be required to comply with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the applicable 
obligations provided therein. 
Before offering Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than 
Eligible Deposits) for sale in accordance with the Cover Pool Admnistration Agreement, the Guarantor shall ensure that 
the assets to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets): (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) 
no more Selected Assets will be selected than it is necessary to raise disposal proceeds as close as possible but in any case 
higher than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount (as defined below) of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds 
and the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds in a total amount calculated in accordance to the following formula: 
Adjusted Required 
Redemption 
Amount 
X 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables and 
Integration Assets and Public Securities included in the Cover 
Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds then 
outstanding 
 
For the purposes of the formula above: 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount means an amount equal to:  
i. 
the Required Redemption Amount of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds; plus or minus 
ii. 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered Bonds) or by the relevant 
Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
iii. 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and Eligible Investments, without double counting 
any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected Assets; plus 
iv. 
all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date of the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the amounts to be paid on the 
Earliest Maturity Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Required Redemption Amount means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect 
of a Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered 
Bonds. 
The sale of the Selected Assets will be executed provided that: 
(a) 
prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets the Amortisation Test is complied with; and 
(b) 
the proceeds of the sale of the Selected Assets are equal to or higher than the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount of the Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets has not been executed by the first Sale Date, then the Guarantor shall repeat its attempt 
to sale the Selected Asset, ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise 
its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, starting from the date falling six months 
after the first Sale Date and thereafter every sixth months until the earlier of (i) the date of which a breach of the 
Amortisation Test occurred (in which case the provisions under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement), (ii) the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice occurred (in which case the provisions under the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement), (iii) the date on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, (iv) the Extended Maturity Date.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with 
the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the Guarantor shall (so authorised by means of execution of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the Servicer, to immediately sale the 
Selected Assets at the best price reasonably obtainable taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring 
that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance 
with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may assign to the purchaser of Selected Assets or terminate, if 
so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to (i) the relevant 
provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, (ii) the consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and (iii) 
confirmation by Moody’s that any such assignment or termination will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor), the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the Servicer, to immediately sell 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of the 
Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any 
such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
The Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, appoint a Cover 
Pool Manager, on a basis intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits 
(if such terms are commercially available in the market), and to advise them in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the 
relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool 
pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement).  
To avoid any doubt, provided that after the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice all the outstanding Series of 
Covered Bonds have become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be executed ensuring that the assets 
to be offered for sale (the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice) (i) have been selected 
from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice will be selected than it is necessary to raise disposal proceeds as close as possible but in any case higher than: 
i. 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of any outstanding Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds; plus or minus 
ii. 
any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap 
Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered Bonds) or by the relevant 
Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
iii. 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts without duplication with the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, Public Securities and Eligible Investments, without double counting 
any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised in the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach 
of Amortisation Test Notice. 
If the sale of the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice could not be immediately 
executed according to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement – being such a sale date defined as the 
Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice – then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
liaise with the Servicer to repeat its attempt to sale the Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test 
Notice, ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right 
in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, starting from the date falling six months after the first Sale 
Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice and thereafter every sixth months until the earlier of (i) 
the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor occurred, (ii) the date on which all the Covered Bonds have 
been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, (iii) the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
At the Extended Maturity Date unless all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled in accordance with 
the Conditions and the relevant Final terms, the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, 
in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement), direct the Cover Pool Manager, who could liaise with the Servicer, to immediately sale the Selected Assets 
After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice at the best price reasonably obtainable taking into account the 
market conditions at that time ensuring that the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) will have the right to exercise 
its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, may assign to the purchaser of Selected Assets 
After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of 
its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice 
Following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement), instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that all Receivables and/or the 
Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) will be sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably obtainable in each case taking into account the market 
conditions at that time, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Italian Payments Account 
and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, through a tender process, appoint a Cover Pool Manager, on a basis 
intended to incentivise the Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (if such terms are commercially 
available in the market), and to advise it in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public 
Securities included in the Cover Pool, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool pursuant to its pre-emption 
rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement). The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. The Servicer will be required to comply with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. 
Upon its appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the applicable 
obligations provided therein.  
With respect to any sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool, 
other than Eligible Deposits, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, 
may assign to the purchaser of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool 
or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject 
to the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. entered 
into a quotaholders’ agreement (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”) containing provisions and undertakings in relation to 
the management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. has granted a call option in favour of the Issuer to purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. and the Issuer has granted a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
to sell to the Issuer the quota of the Guarantor quota capital held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
Governing law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of Covered Bondholders, the Arranger 
and the Initial Dealer entered into a programme agreement, as subsequently amended (the “Programme Agreement”), 
which contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be issued and sold, from time to time, by the 
Issuer to any one or more Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series or 
Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and 
subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the 
representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under any obligation to issue or subscribe for any Covered 
Bonds of any Series or Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Initial Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which 
appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, expenses and 
claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on, breach of duty or 
misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of existing 
Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (a) generally in respect of the 
Programme; or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market-making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have given certain representations and warranties to 
the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given by them in connection with this Base 
Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in relation to 
the syndicated issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription Agreement (the 
“Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree to subscribe 
for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein.

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed an Italian deed of pledge (the “Italian Deed of Pledge”) 
pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for itself and on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, concurrently with the issue of the Covered Bonds, 
(i) an Italian law pledge over all monetary claims and rights and all the amounts (including payment for claims, 
indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is entitled from time to time pursuant to 
Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor 
Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement; and (ii) an Italian law pledge all the monetary rights and claims relating to the amounts standing to the credit 
of the Pledged Accounts and any other account established by the Guarantor with the Italian Account Bank. 
Governing law 
The Italian Deed of Pledge, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a deed of charge (the “English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment”) pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
for itself and as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, inter alia, (i) an English law 
assignment by way of security of all the Guarantor’s rights under the Swap Agreements and all present and future 
contracts, agreements, deeds and documents governed by English law to which the Guarantor may become a party in 
relation to the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool; (ii) an English law charge over the English Investment Account, the 
English Securities Account and the English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, any amounts standing to the credit of, or 
deposited in, such accounts and the rights and benefits arising from such accounts; and (iii) a floating charge over all of 
the Guarantor’s assets which are subject to the charge and assignments described under (i) and (ii) above and not 
effectively assigned thereunder. 
Governing law 
The English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor has executed a mandate agreement (the “Mandate Agreement”) 
pursuant to which the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable mandate to the Representative of Covered Bondholders for 
the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain circumstances indicated in the Mandate Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date with the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate, basis, and/or, if applicable, currency, risks in respect of, after 
the service of a Notice to Pay, amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle either 
party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond Swap Counterparty will 
be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy 
such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap 
counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the respective Covered Bond 
Swap. 
No Covered Bond Swap has been entered into in connection with both the first and the second Series of Covered Bonds. 
Mortgage Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may, 
if necessary, enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties. 
Any such Mortgage Pool Swap will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover 
Pool. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle either 
party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the respective Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty will 
be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy 
such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap 
counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty may 
be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the respective Mortgage Pool 
Swap. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap, which may be entered into between the Guarantor and (i) each 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty respectively, will be documented in 
accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and 
relevant Credit Support Annex (“CSA”). 
Pursuant to the relevant CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty or the 
downgrade of such Swap Counterparty’s credit support provider, as the case may be, and subject to the conditions 
specified in the CSA, such Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral (either cash or securities) to the Guarantor 
in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the “Collateral”), to the English Swap Collateral 
Account opened in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty . 
Collateral (and all income in respect thereof) transferred to the relevant English Swap Collateral Account will only be 
available to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Any Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly in accordance with the terms 
of the relevant CSA and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is an overview of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described in this Base 
Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to be exhaustive and 
prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 and Article 7-bis thereof. General remarks 
Law 130 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation process and to facilitate the 
increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted with amendments into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, added Articles 
7-bis and 7-ter to Law 130, in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques introduced by Law 130 
in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”), by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 
June 2014 (Decreto Competitività) as converted with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 (“Law Decree 
91”), by Law Decree No. 18 of 15 February 2016 as converted into Law No. 49 of 8 April 2016 and Law Decree No. 50 
of 24 April 2017 as converted into Law No. 96 of 21 June 2017. 
Law 130 has been further recently amended by paragraphs 1088-1090 of the Law 30 December 2018, No. 145 (“2019 
Budget Law”) which introduce two important innovations: (i) it has been made easier for originators to create segregated 
pools of assets in connection with transactions for the transfer of risk, which makes synthetic securitisations more 
effective; and, (ii) revenues arising out of the ownership of immovable property or of registered movable property may 
be securitised for the first time. 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale (by way of non-
gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions meeting 
certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-bis and in the MEF Decree, where the sale is to a special purpose vehicle 
created in accordance with Article 7-bis and all amounts paid by the debtors are to be used by the relevant special purpose 
vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations 
of the selling bank or of other banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”). 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool shall be financed through the 
taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks selling the assets or a different bank. The payment obligations of the 
special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle 
vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the 
assigned receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim 
in relation to any payment of other costs of the transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or which belong 
to banking groups which, on a consolidated basis, satisfy certain requirements related to the regulatory capital and the 
solvency ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, where the latter are different 
from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
Following the issue of the MEF Decree, the Bank of Italy supervisory regulations on covered bonds were published on 
17 May 2007, as subsequently amended on 24 March 2010 and further supplemented by Title V, Chapter 3 of the "Nuove 
Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche" (Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006), completing the relevant 
legal and regulatory framework and allowing for the implementation on the Italian market of the covered bonds, which 
have previously only been available under special legislation to specific companies. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of Italy No. 
285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV Package and setting out 
additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the publication on 25 June 
2014 of the 5th update to circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, the Bank of Italy’s covered bonds

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
regulation have been included in Part III, Section 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under the Bank of Italy’s circular 
No 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the "Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche", and provisions set forth under 
Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
For more detailed information, see paragraph "Eligibility criteria of the claimss and limits to the assignment of claims" 
below. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the Law 130, thus basing 
the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds many provisions with which the market 
is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as is the case with the special purpose entities which 
act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the Special Purpose Vehicle is required to be established with an 
exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and 
the person giving guarantees in the context of covered bonds transactions. 
With reference to Special Purpose Vehicles, on 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) 
issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The 
Decree 53/2015 came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 
53/2015, the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 
of the Banking Act (such as Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the general register 
held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims and limits to the assignment of claims 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the special purpose vehicle, together with any 
ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the relevant assets: (a) Italian residential mortgage 
loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) and Italian commercial mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari commerciali) pursuant to 
Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree; (b) loans extended to, or guaranteed by, the following entities, 
and securities issued or guaranteed by the same entities: (i) public administrations of States comprised in the European 
Economic Space and the Swiss Confederation (the “Admitted States”), including therein any Ministries, municipalities 
(enti pubblici territoriali), national or local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; (ii) public administrations of States 
other than Admitted States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to zero per cent under the “Standardised Approach” 
to credit risk measurement, municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic activities 
(organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weight factor not exceeding 
20 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement. Such receivables and securities may not 
exceed 10 per cent of the nominal value of the assets held by the special purpose vehicle; (c) asset backed securities issued 
in the context of securitisation transactions, meeting the following criteria: (i) the relevant securitised receivables 
comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per cent, loans and securities referred to in (a) and (b) above; (ii) the relevant 
asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to 
credit risk measurement. 
For the purpose above, the relevant provisions define a guarantee “valid for purposes for the credit risk mitigation” as a 
guarantee eligible for the “credit risk mitigation”, in accordance with Directive 2006/48/EC of 14 June 2006 (the 
“Restated Banking Directive”). Similarly, the “Standardised Approach” shall be the standardised approach to credit risk 
measurement as defined by the Restated Banking Directive. 
The BoI Regulations provides that covered bonds may be issued by banks which satisfy, on a consolidated basis, the 
following requirements: 
(i) 
own funds (fondi propri) at least equal to € 250,000,000; and 
(ii) 
a total capital ratio on a consolidated basis of not less than 9 per cent.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by the banks selling the 
assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not fall within the same banking 
group. 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned requirements relate to the individual 
regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio. 
The BoI Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign eligible assets, which are based on the 
level of the consolidated “tier 1 ratio” (“T1”) and the “common equity tier 1 ratio” (the “CET1”), in accordance with the 
following grid, contained in the BoI Regulations: 
Capital adequacy condition 
 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “A” 
T1 ≥ 9 per cent and CET1 ≥ 8 per cent 
No limits 
Group “B” 
T1 ≥ 8 per cent and CET1 ≥ 7 per cent 
Assignment allowed up to 60 per 
cent of the eligible assets 
Group “C” 
T1 ≥ 7 per cent e CET1 ≥ 6 per cent 
Assignment allowed up to 25 per 
cent of the eligible assets 
 
The relevant T1 and CET1 set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds transactions launched by the 
relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign entities belonging to the banking group of the 
bank selling the assets have issued covered bonds in accordance with their relevant jurisdiction and have therefore 
segregated part of their assets to guarantee the relevant issuances, the limits set out above shall be applied to the eligible 
assets held by the Italian companies being part of the assigning bank’s banking group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring activities to be 
performed by the asset monitor. 
The Limits to the Assignment do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the portfolio, provided that Integration is 
allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI Regulations. 
Ring Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and the financial 
assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of law be segregated for all 
purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the other Law 130 transactions 
carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up of such a special purpose vehicle, such assets will only 
be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to 
the other Secured Creditors. In addition, the assets relating to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders 
of covered bonds issued under any other covered bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
In addition, the Law Decree 91 introduced, inter alia, certain amendments to Article 3 of Law 130, aimed at safeguarding 
collections generated in the context of a securitisation or covered bonds transaction. For this purpose, it is established that 
the bank accounts used in the context of this kind of transactions are not subject to actions by parties other than the holders 
of the securities of the specific transaction and that the possible commencement of insolvency proceedings against the 
depositary does not give rise to the suspension of payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened 
with the same depositary, even in connection with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the 
insolvency proceedings. Indeed, the Law Decree 91 provides that such sums are immediately available, without any need 
for specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) in the context of the insolvency 
proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori dei piani di riparto o di restituzione di somme). 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a party of the transaction 
documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding-up proceedings against the company in respect of any 
unpaid debt.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, of the  Banking 
Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130, is that 
the assignment can be perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third party creditors by way of publication 
of a notice in the Italian Official Gazette and by way of registration of such notice in the register of enterprises (registro 
delle imprese) at which the purchaser is registered, so avoiding the need for notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official Gazette 
and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, the 
assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the notice, 
commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor to the special 
purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 of Royal Decree no. 267 of 16 
March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), the “Bankruptcy Law”); and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date of publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security interest 
guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and perfected with 
the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official Gazette 
and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is registered, no legal 
action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom other than for the purposes of 
enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and other creditors for costs incurred in the framework of the 
transaction. 
Article 7-bis provides for a special regime for the assignment of claims against public administrations, which deviates 
from the generally applicable regime (set out by Articles 69 and 70 of royal decree of 18 November 1923, No. 2440). 
Article 7-bis, para. 4, expressly provides that Articles 69 and 70 of royal decree 2440 of 1923 shall not apply to assignments 
of assets under Article 7-bis. Accordingly, the assignment of receivables against public administration shall be governed 
by the same rules governing the assignment of other receivables in the context of Law 130. 
 
However, Article 7-bis, para. 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei 
crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the assigning bank (whether from 
the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given notice by way of publication in the Italian Official 
Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law, 
but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the adjudication of bankruptcy of the 
relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies, within six months of the adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are subject to the 
provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, pursuant to which the provisions of Article 67 relating to 
the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to 
any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the Bankruptcy Law.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to Article 3 of the MEF Decree, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different from the issuer) 
will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are complied with: 
(a) 
the nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate nominal amount of the 
outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose vehicle, 
including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in relation to the 
transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the special 
purpose vehicle, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer under the outstanding 
covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into in relation to the transaction. 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to Article 2 of the MEF Decree, the 
following assets (the “Integration Assets”) may be used for the purpose of integration of the portfolio, in addition to 
eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations: 
(i) 
the establishment of deposits with banks incorporated in Admitted States or in a State which attract a risk weight 
factor equal to 0 per cent under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; and 
(ii) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under paragraph (i) above, having a residual maturity 
not exceeding one year. 
Integration Assets 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the Integration Assets Limit. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-bis and the MEF Decree, integration of the cover pool – whether through eligible assets 
pursuant to the OBG Regulations or through integration assets – (the “Integration”) shall be carried out in accordance 
with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations. 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, the Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of: (a) complying 
with the tests provided for by the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual overcollateralisation requirements 
agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements; or (c) complying with the 15 per cent maximum amount of Integration 
Assets within the portfolio. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the portfolio of assets 
comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional and independent from the obligations 
assumed by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the assets comprised in the cover pool, 
irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 4 provides that the 
following provisions of the Italian Civil Code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply: 
(a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; 
(b) Article 1941, para. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can 
it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, para. 2, providing, 
inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall 
not be obliged to pay before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that 
the guarantor can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, 
except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 1955,

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the 
guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 
1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable where the creditor – without the authorisation 
of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being aware that the economic conditions of the principal 
obligor were such that recovering the receivable would have become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, 
providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, 
provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued 
them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The MEF Decree also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of the special 
purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered Bond Guarantee contains 
provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the issuer’s default, so that the 
payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that, in the event of breach by the issuer of its obligations vis-à-
vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the issuer – within the limits of 
the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds. The same provision 
applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian Civil Code 
and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in the application of Article 1186 of the Italian Civil 
Code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration 
provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 4, para. 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the issuer, the 
special purpose vehicle shall exercise the rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the 
legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of 
such rights shall be deemed to be included in the cover pool. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of the powers vested 
with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Act. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special purpose 
vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request to an auditing firm a 
confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by that auditing firm, there are no 
reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase price of the assigned assets are not 
in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply when preparing its financial statements. The above mentioned 
confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the book value, as recorded in the latest approved financial 
statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation 
is not required if any difference between the book value and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due 
to standard financial fluctuations of the relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects 
of those assets and/or the credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management verify at 
least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations undertaken by 
the latter;

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special purpose 
vehicle for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF Decree; 
(c) 
compliance with the Limits to the Assignment and the rules on, and Limits to, the Integration set out by the BoI 
Regulations;  
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered into in 
connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 
129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment is carried 
out of the legal aspects (profili giuridici) of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-
depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the characteristics 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The BoI Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to carry out controls over the 
regularity of the transaction (including the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided 
to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR) and the integrity of the special purpose vehicle (the “Asset 
Monitor”). Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the Asset Monitor shall be an auditing firm having professional experience 
which is adequate in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with 
the auditing of the issuing bank; (b) the bank which is granting the relevant mandate; and (c) the other entities which take 
part to the transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor shall prepare 
annual reports, to be addressed, inter alia, to the body entrusted with control functions of the bank which appointed the 
Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations refer to the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para 5, of the Banking Act), which impose on 
persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such reference appears to 
be aimed at ensuring that any irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations arising under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management techniques for purposes of 
assuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability between the payment dates of the cash 
flows generated under the assets assigned to the special purpose vehicle company, and included in the latter’s segregated 
portfolio, and the payments dates with respect to payments due by the issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds 
issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume contractual 
undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to hold the information on 
the assigned assets (including the status thereof) which are necessary for the carrying of the controls described in the BoI 
Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, including therein the obligations arising 
in connection with the membership to the central credit register (Centrale dei Rischi). 
Insolvency proceedings 
Under the Bankruptcy Law, insolvency and turnaround proceedings may take the form of, inter alia, bankruptcy 
proceeding (fallimento), compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), composition with 
creditors (concordato preventivo) or creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti or piani di risanamento). 
The regime set forth under the Bankrutpcy Law as described in this paragraph is only applicable to businesses (imprese 
commerciali) either run by companies or by individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor can be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding (fallimento) if it is declared insolvent by a court (at its own initiative, 
or at the initiative of any of its creditors or the public prosecutor). Insolvency occurs when the relevant entity is not able 
to fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. Upon the declaration of insolvency (sentenza dichiarativa di fallimento), inter 
alia, the relevant entity loses control over all its assets and the management of its business, which is taken over by a court

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
appointed receiver (curatore fallimentare). The creditors’ claims have to be filed with the bankruptcy estate and are 
subject to verification by the delegated judge while the sale of the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a 
liquidation plan drafted by the court appointed receiver and approved by the creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to its creditors a composition with 
creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo). Such proposal must enclose, inter alia: (a) an updated statement 
of the financial and economic situation of the company; (b) a detailed list of the creditors and their respective receivables 
and related security interest; (c) a list of creditors secured or guaranteed by assets owned by or in possession of the 
company; (d) an evaluation of the assets of the company and a list of the creditors of the potential shareholders of the 
company which are unlimitedly liable; (e) a plan detailing timing and manner for the satisfaction of creditors, provided 
that the concordato proposal shall set out the economic benefit granted to each creditor; and (f) an independent expert 
report assessing the feasibility of the composition with creditors proposal and the truthfulness of the business and 
accounting data provided by the company. Following the reform brought about by Law Decree No. 83 of 27 June 2015, 
as amended and converted into law by Law No. 132 of 6 August 2015 (the “2015 Reform”), a counter-proposal of 
composition with creditors (proposta concorrente di concordato) can be submitted by one or more creditors representing 
at least 10% of total indebtedness of the debtor, unless the debtor’s proposal already provides for the repayment of the 
unsecured creditors above certain thresholds set out by the Bankruptcy Law. Furthermore, pursuant to the 2015 Reform, 
if the proposal (or, according to the main Italian scholars, the counter-proposal) is structured as an offer to transfer all, or 
part of the assets of the debtor, to a third party, the Court shall open a public bid procedure in relation to such sale of 
assets. The proposal (or counter-proposal) can also include debt-to-equity swap transactions. The concordato preventivo 
is voted on at a creditors’ meeting and must be approved with the favorable vote of the creditors representing the majority 
of the receivables admitted to vote and, in the event that the concordato proposal provides for more classes of creditors, 
the majority of the classes. Secured creditors are not entitled to vote on the concordato proposal unless and, to the extent, 
they waive their security, or for an amount equal to the deficiency claim (i.e. the portion of the secured claim not covered 
by the fair market value of the secured asset as determined by an independent expert). 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (“stato di crisi”) debtor may also enter into a debt restructuring agreement 
(accordo di ristrutturazione dei debiti) with such creditors representing at least 60 per cent of its debts, to be certified in 
Court. Also in this case an independent expert appointed by the debtor must assess the truthfulness of the business and 
accounting data provided by the company and the feasibility of the restructuring agreement, with specific reference to the 
fact it ensures that the non-participating creditors can be fully satisfied within the following terms: (a) 120 days from the 
date of approval of the agreement by the Court, in the case of debts which are due and payable as at that date; and (b) 120 
days from the date on which the relevant debts fall due, in case of debts which are not yet due and payable as at the date 
of the Court approval. 
The 2015 Reform also introduced the possibility for a bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor 
having 50% or more of its total indebtedness vis-à-vis financial creditors (i.e. banks or financial intermediaries) to enter 
into a debt restructuring agreement with such financial creditors only (to be divided in classes on the basis of the legal 
and economic position held by the relevant financial creditors). If such debt restructuring agreement is approved by 
financial creditors representing at least 75% of the relevant category, upon homologation by the competent Court it will 
be binding also on the non-consenting financial creditors belonging to the same category, subject to certain conditions 
(including, inter alia, that treatment of dissenting creditors is not worse than the one achievable under any other available 
alternative). A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor can file a “blank proposal” (so called 
concordato in bianco). In this case, the proposal (which has to be filed together with the last three financial statements of 
the petitioning company and a detailed list of the creditors and their respective receivables) will be filed with the 
competent court requesting a term comprised between 60 and 120 days (with the possibility to obtain, in case of grounded 
reasons, additional 60 days) for the submission of a concordato proposal or of a debt restructuring agreement (pursuant 
to Article 182-bis of the Bankruptcy Law). The competent tribunal, in awarding such term for the submission of the 
relevant documents, may appoint a judicial commissioner monitoring the procedure and set out periodic reporting and 
information duties to be carried out by the debtor during the abovementioned period. 
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and interim actions (azioni esecutive e 
cautelari) for pre-existing claims applies, subject to certain exceptions and for specific timeframes, in the context of

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
bankrutpcy proceedings (fallimento), concordato preventivo proceedings, “blank proposal” proceedings (concordato in 
bianco) and debt restructuring agreements (accordo di ristrutturazione). 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012, as amended, provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be subject to 
insolvency proceedings may benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. Law No. 3 of 27 January 
2012 provides that such persons may file a recovery plan for the restructuring of their debts with a special authority and 
with the competent court and that in the case of approval of the plan, it will become binding on all the creditors of such 
persons. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious administrative 
irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for by laws, regulations or the 
bank’s by-laws activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to occur; (c) the dissolution has been the object 
of a request by the administrative bodies or an extraordinary company meeting providing the reasons for the request. 
According to the Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, acting on a 
proposal by the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate the board of directors and the board of auditors of the bank. 
Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more special administrators (commissari straordinari); and (b) 
an oversight committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari 
straordinari is entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove the irregularities which may have been 
found and promote solutions in the best interest of the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises 
auditing functions and provides to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. 
However, it should be noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari and the 
comitato di sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, pursuant to Article 74 of the Banking Law, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect 
the interests of the creditors, in consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorisation by the Bank 
of Italy, may suspend payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments 
may be suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an additional period of two months. During 
the suspension period forced executions or actions to perfect security interests involving the bank's properties or 
customers' securities may not be initiated or prosecuted. During the same period mortgages may not be registered on the 
bank's immovable property nor may any other rights of preference on the bank's movable property be acquired, except in 
the case of enforceable court orders issued prior to the beginning of the suspension period. The suspension shall not 
trigger the insolvency of the bank. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche shall last for one year from the date of issue of the decree of the Minister 
of the Economy and Finance. In exceptional cases, the procedure may be extended for a period of up to six months. The 
Bank of Italy may extend the duration of the procedure for periods of up to two months, in connection with the acts and 
formalities related to the termination of the procedure, provided that the relevant acts to be executed have already been 
approved by the Bank of Italy. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the appointment of the 
bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the management and audit functions 
shall be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be noted that, should at the end of the procedure 
or at any earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the liquidazione coatta amministrativa (described in the 
following section) be met, the bank may be subject to such procedure. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Act, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and described in 
the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has declared the state of 
insolvency of the bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a 
decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities and submit the bank to compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa).

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the shareholders’ meetings 
and of every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more liquidators 
(commissari liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di 
sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, in any case, 
from the third day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, the payment 
of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to the bank and 
carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza shall: (a) assist the 
commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities carried out by commissari liquidatori; and 
(c) provide to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy 
may issue directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and establish that some categories of operations and 
actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to preliminary consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del passivo) and the 
procedures which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato passivo) to challenge 
the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by the Bank of 
Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en bloc. Such assets may 
be assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been deposited. The assignor shall, however, 
be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato passivo. Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and 
for the purpose of maximising profits deriving from the liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue 
the banks’ activity, or of specific going concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the 
comitato di sorveglianza. In such case, the provision of the Bankruptcy Law concerning the termination of legal 
relationships shall not apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to customers, 
the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of the liquidation, the 
financial statement and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report by the oversight committee. 
The Bankruptcy Law reform 
Pursuant to the principles set out in Law No. 155/2017, Legislative Decree no. 14/2019 (hereinafter the “Insolvency 
Code”) which sets out, inter alia, an overall reform of the Bankruptcy Law has been enacted. 
Except for certain provisions which are applicable starting from 16 March 2019 (including, inter alia, with reference to 
certain organizational duties for Italian corporates), the Insolvency Code will apply to turnaround and insolvency 
proceedings started after 15 August 2020.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions” and, each of them, a “Condition”) that, subject 
to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Covered Bonds. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered Bonds. In these Conditions, references 
to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Covered Bondholders” are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, 
dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with the provisions of (i) Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Financial Law”) 
and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint regulation, regarding post-trading systems, of CONSOB and the Bank of 
Italy dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered Bonds will be as 
set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with the Registered CB Rules 
Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a “Registered CB Condition” other than in this 
section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the relevant provision of the Registered Covered Bond, or the 
Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule thereto or the provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating 
to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB Conditions 
as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the holders of the Covered 
Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond as the context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the Conditions 
and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) (the “Issuer” 
or “BPER”) has established a covered bond programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to 
Euro 7,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”). 
Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time ( the “Law 130”), the Decree of the Ministry of the Economy and Finance 
of 14 December 2006 No. 310, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “MEF Decree”) and 
the supervisory instructions relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Chapter 
III, Section 3, of the 5th update to Circular n. 285 dated 17 December 2013 containing the "Disposizioni di 
vigilanza per le banche", as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI 
Regulations” and, together with Law 130 and the MEF Decree, the “OBG Regulations”). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches, 
whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the Interest Commencement Date and 
their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to be consolidated and have the same 
Series number (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. As used in these Conditions, reference to a Tranche 
is a reference to Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). Each Tranche 
is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Covered Bond benefits of a guarantee issued by the Guarantor (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”) for 
the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool 
constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreements (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations. The 
obligations of the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited 
recourse to the assets from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool (as defined below). Payments made 
by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made subject to, and in accordance with, the 
relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme agreement (the “Programme 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the “Dealers”), as 
supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant 
Tranche (each a “Subscription Agreement”). In accordance with the Programme Agreement, the Relevant 
Dealer(s) has appointed or will appoint Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the “Representative of the Covered Bondholders”), as described 
in Condition 13 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders).  
For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if any, shall be governed by a set of legal 
documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by 
these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section “Key features of the registered covered 
bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)” of this Base Prospectus. 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds 
In these Conditions, references to “Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds of a Series subject to the 
relevant Final Terms and references to “each Series of Covered Bonds” are to (i) Covered Bonds of Series 
subject to the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
which remains outstanding from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, Registered Covered Bonds, if 
any, shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant 
Dealer and will not be governed by these Conditions. For futher information please refer to the section 
“Key features of the registered covered bonds (namensschuld verschreibungen)” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds, 
depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from the 
Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period from 
the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date or redeemable in two or 
more instalments if they are specified as Instalment Covered Bonds, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the benefit of the 
terms of the rules of the organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders”) which constitute an integral and essential part of these Conditions. The Rules of

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached hereto as a schedule. The rights and powers of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders may be exercised only in 
accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. References in these Conditions 
to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules as from time to time 
modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or other document 
expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as defined below) 
and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding one or more Covered Bonds, recognises the 
Representative of the Noteholders as its representative, acting in its name and on its behalf, and agrees to 
be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is a party as if such Covered Bondholder was itself a signatory thereto. Copies of the 
Transaction Documents are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business hours 
at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where 
applicable, at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
2. 
Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Account Banks” means the Italian Account Bank and the English Account Bank. 
“Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and the English Accounts and “Account” means any 
one of them. 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Master Transfer Agreement” means each master transfer agreement between the Guarantor 
and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as 
the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.  
“Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement 
between the Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Additional Seller” means any entity, other than the Initial Seller, which is or will be part of the Gruppo 
Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna that will accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent Portfolios to 
the Guarantor. 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” means each subordinated loan agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Additional Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement.  
“Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
or a Guarantor Default Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
“Article 74 Event Cure Notice” means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (having received, if it deems appropriate, and being entitled to rely on, prior confirmation of 
such cure event having occurred from competent professionals) to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset 
Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
“Asset Coverage Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the Asset Monitor agreement entered into in the context of the 
Programme among, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Issuer. 
“Available Funds” means (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and (c) the 
Excess Proceeds. 
“Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and supplemented. 
“BPER Master Transfer Agreement” means the master transfer agreement entered into on 17 September 
2015, as subsequently amended, between BPER as the Initial Seller and the Guarantor. 
“BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement” means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 17 
September 2015, as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and BPER as Subordinated Loan 
Provider. 
“BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into on 17 September 2015, as subsequently amended, between the BPER as Initial Seller and the 
Guarantor. 
“Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence of a 
breach of the Amoritsation Test. 
“Breach of Tests Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Business Day” means a day on which banks are generally open for business in London, Milan and 
Luxembourg and on which the Target System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to such term in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in 
relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified 
Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that calendar 
month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a Business 
Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day in the 
calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month in which 
the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa), acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Date” means the 20th day of January, April, July and October or, if that day is not a Business 
Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date will fall on 20 January 2015. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred and is outstanding, each period beginning on (and including) 
the first day of a calendar month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month 
until such time the relevant breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
“Call Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement” means the cash management and agency agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Italian Account Bank, 
the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent, 
the Primary Paying Agent, the Back-up Servicer Facilitator and the Servicer. 
“Cash Manager” means Citibank N.A., London Branch.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case of 
the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next CB 
Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“CB Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment 
Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement) for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable), the 
amount and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral posted 
pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a English Swap Collateral Account as defined 
below); and (ii) following the date on which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap 
(as applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant 
English Swap Collateral Account in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Collection Accounts” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Collection Period” means each period commencing on (and including) the first calendar day of January, 
April, July and October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of March, June, September and 
December of each year, and in the case of the first Collection Period, commencing on (and excluding) the 
Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) 30 September 2015. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor. 
“Cover Pool” means the cover pool constituted by (i) the Initial Receivables; (ii) any other Eligible Assets; 
and (iii) any Integration Assets. 
“Cover Pool Administration Agreement” means the Cover Pool administration agreement entered into 
on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent, as subsequently amended. 
“Cover Pool Manager” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
“Covered Bond Swap” means each covered bond swap agreement which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate, basis, 
and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the Mortgage Pool 
Swaps and the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means each entity acting as such under a Covered Bond Swap. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered Bond 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether 
or not constituting a CB Interest Period) (the “OBG Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; and  
(b) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the OBG Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
OBG Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in 
the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in the 
OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Dealer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. and any other entity which may be appointed as 
such by the Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
“Due for Payment Date” means the date on which the Guarantor Default Notice is served on the 
Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that has 
the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2
360
)
D
- 
(D
 
+
)]
M
- 
(M
 x 
[30
 
+
)] 
Y
- 
(Y
 x 
[360
 
=
 
Fraction
 
Count
Day 
1
2
1
2
1
2

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of 
such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Assets” means the Mortgage Loans and the Public Securities. 
“Eligible Deposits” means the deposits held with banks having their registered office in Eligible States 
pursuant to article 2, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States of America (a) whose short-term bank deposit is 
rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposit is rated at least “A2” by Moody’s or (b) 
whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are guaranteed in compliance 
with the Rating Agency’s criteria by a depository institution organised under the laws of any state which is 
a member of the European Union or of the United States of America, whose short-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and whose long-term, unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligation are rated at least “A2” by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Investment” means  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments provided that 
(i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand at par together with accrued and unpaid 
interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount); and (iii) the debt 
securities or other debt instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an 
unsubordinated basis by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating 
by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments 
having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-term 
debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term 
debt, with regard to investments having a maturity between one and three months, or such other 
lower rating being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances 
issued by any depositary institution or trust company (including, without limitation, the English 
Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution and subject to supervision and examination by governmental 
banking authorities, provided that such investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the ones 
reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-2” 
in respect of short-term debt” 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-3” 
in respect of short-term debt

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities and/or notes issued in the context of securitisations 
transactions (other than securitisation transactions were originated by a member of the same 
consolidated group of which the Issuer is also a member or by an entity affiliated to same central 
body to which the Issuer is also affiliated) and/or covered bonds, in each case pursuant to the OBG 
Regulations, provided that, in all cases, such investments shall from time to time comply with 
Moody’s requirements in respect of type of asset, minimum rating and maturity; 
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated debt securities or other debt instruments 
provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period between 
the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) effectively 
passes to the Issuer, (ii) such repurchase transactions are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase transactions provide a fixed principal amount 
at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) provided that either (a) 
the debt securities or other debt instruments underlying the repurchase transactions are issued by, 
or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the counterparty of 
the Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is, an institution whose unsecured and 
unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-
term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-
term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower 
rating being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” 
by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” 
by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity between 
one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria established by 
Moody’s from time to time; and 
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under the Global 
Master Securities Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the underlying securities 
comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty acting as 
borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities lending transaction is a credit 
institution (including, without limitation, the English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, 
to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible Institution, (iii) such 
securities lending transactions are immediately repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or 
loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) 
the counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement 
and has agreed to be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant 
counterparty below the minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in advance the 
securities lending transaction within 35 calendar days from the downgrade, 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk by 
means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the Programme 
otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time (ii) nor may any amount available to the 
Guarantor in the context of the Programme otherwise be invested in asset-backed securities, irrespective of 
their subordination, status, or ranking at any time. 
“Eligible States” means any country belonging to the European Economic Area, Switzerland and any other 
country attracting a zero per cent risk weighting factor under the standardised method provided for by 
Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 relating to the taking 
up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
“English Account Bank” means Citibank N.A., London Branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
“English Accounts” means, collectively, the English Investment Account, the English Securities Account 
and the English Swap Collateral Account(s), if any, and “English Account” means any one of them.  
“English Investment Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
“English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment” means a deed of charge under English law to be executed 
on or around the Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders acting on its own behalf and as trustee of the Secured Creditors. 
“English Securities Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“English Swap Collateral Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement. 
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 6(c). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which adopt 
the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset, the aggregate 
nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, or asset as at such date denominated in Euro 
where, if denominated in another currency, the exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current exchange rate 
fixed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that 
equivalent should any currency hedging agreement not be in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in the 
relevant currency hedging agreement if such agreement is in place. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor as a result of any 
enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value of the collateral (or the applicable part of 
any collateral) provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty’s obligations to transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support annex to the 
relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the termination payment (if any) that would have 
otherwise been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor had the collateral not been 
provided under the credit support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Expenses Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
 “Extended Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling on 28 
October 2050. 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven Business Days after the Maturity Date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount 
specified in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms which, in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (which will always be redeemed at least 
at 100% of their nominal amount), shall be equal to the nominal amount of the relevant Covered Bond. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
“Floating Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions). 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) following the service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice or the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, and (ii) following the service of 
a Breach of the Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, with respect to any Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled 
Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date or (iii) 
after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount 
plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds 
on the Due for Payment Date, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional 
Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bonds provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the 
Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that 
was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back 
and recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee 
in bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer named or identified in the Order, and has 
not been paid or recovered from any other source (the Clawed Back Amounts) . 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such pursuant 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Guarantor Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(d) (Guarantor Events 
of Default). 
“Guarantor Default Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
on the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence of a breach of the 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 28th day of 
January, April, July and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day or 
(b) following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the Due for Payment Date. 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer has issued the first Series of Covered Bonds (i.e. 
16 December 2015). 
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans transferred 
by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Initial Seller” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa). 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 June 2015.  
“Instalment Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds specified as being redeemable in instalments in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3 of the MEF 
Decree consisting of (i) deposits with banks residing in Eligible States; and (ii) securities issued by banks

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
residing in Eligible States with residual maturity not greater than one year, which, according to the MEF 
Decree, may be sold to the Guarantor within the limit of 15% of the Portfolio. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest determined in accordance 
with the Fixed Rate Provisions; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the amount of 
interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(A) 
any interest component collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and credited into the 
Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date together with any amount retained in the Italian Collection Account from the Interest Available 
Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the interest components invested in Eligible 
Investments (if any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
following liquidation thereof; 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
and on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool Swaps; 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps; 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the same terms as the 
Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon termination of the relevant 
Swap Agreement; 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account in excess of the Required 
Reserve Amount; prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account (but excluding item (B)(b) of the 
definition of Required Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), in 
each case at the end of the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
following the service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account; and, on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all 
Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued 
under the Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the Italian Cash Reserve Account;

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Expenses Account; and 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period, 
but excluding (i) any amount representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been 
found, exceeding the net amounts which would have been due and payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount 
received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as Interest Commencement Date in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
“Interest Coverage Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Investment Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
“ISDA Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 
6(c)(ii) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Issue Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Italian Account Bank” means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
“Italian Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Collection Account, the Italian Payments Account, the 
Expenses Account, the Italian Cash Reserve Account, the Italian Commingling Account and the Quota 
Capital Account and Italian Account means any one of them. 
“Italian Cash Reserve Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Italian Collection Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
“Italian Commingling Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Italian Deed of Pledge” means a deed of pledge under Italian law to be executed on or around the Initial 
Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its own 
behalf and on behalf of the Secured Creditors. 
“Italian Payments Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any 
amount other than any Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the Payments Report 
Date falling on six months after the immediately following Payments Report Date for the Principal 
Available Funds.  
“Luxembourg Listing Agent” means Banque International à Luxembourg SA. 
“Mandate Agreement” means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
“Mandatory Tests” means the tests provided for under article 3 of the MEF Decree and namely the 
Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
“Margin” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Master Transfer Agreements” means the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and each Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement (if any) and each of them a “Master Transfer Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Meeting” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Monte Titoli” means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli 
Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant Clearing System which 
holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Monthly Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that 
a breach of Test has occurred, the 13th day of the month immediately following the date of such Test 
Performance Report and, thereafter, the 13th day of each month until the relevant breach of Test has been 
cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, or, if any such 
day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential and commercial mortgage loans (respectively mutui ipotecari 
residenziali and mutui ipotecari commerciali) having the characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, 
lett. (a) and (b), of the MEF Decree.

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
“Mortgage Pool Swap” means each mortgage pool swap agreement which may be entered into between 
the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to hedge interest rate risk on the 
Cover Pool or a portion thereof. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty” means each swap counterparty which agrees to act as such under 
a Mortgage Pool Swap. 
“Negative Carry Factor”) means 0.50 per cent. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Non-Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days in arrears, 
or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
“Notice to Pay” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
“NPV Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Official Gazette” means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
“Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” means the organisation of the Covered Bondholders created 
by the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and regulated by the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached hereto as a schedule. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Pass Through Series 
or Series of Covered Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any principal fallen due but unpaid) of such loan, bond, Series of 
Covered Bonds or asset at such date. 
"Pass Through Series" means (A) any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which (i) the Issuer has failed 
to repay in whole or in part the relevant Final Redemption Amount on the applicable Maturity Date and a 
Notice to Pay has been served on the Guarantor; and (ii) the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available 
under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Covered Bonds on the relevant Extension Determination 
Date; (B) all Series of Covered Bonds if a Notice to Pay has been delivered (and, in case of a Notice to Pay 
delivered as result of an Article 74 Event, prior to the delivery of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) and a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice has been served. 
“Paying Agents” means the Primary Paying Agent, the Subsequent Paying Agent and each other paying 
agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
“Payment Business Day” means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Place of Payment” means, in respect of any Covered Bondholder, the place in which the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder for which such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the 
Covered Bonds is located. 
“Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Breach 
of Amortisation Test Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an 
Guarantor Defualt Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which the 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a Notice to 
Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Primary Paying Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, 
Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
“Principal Available Funds” means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and credited to the 
Italian Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date together with any amount retained in the Italian Collection Account from the Principal 
Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the Italian 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the proceeds deriving from the sale of the Receivables under (c) 
above, all amounts of principal deriving from the liquidation of Eligible Investments; 
(e) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under any 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap, if any;

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
(f) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments; 
(g) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction 
Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(h) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty upon termination of 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any termination payment and, 
until a replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would have been 
due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) 
the Collateral (if any); and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined 
in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Primary Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Primary Paying Agent. 
“Priority of Payments” means, as the context requires, any of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments, Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, Post-Breach of Amortisation Test Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Programme Limit” means up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in 
the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time. 
“Programme Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
“Public Securities” means securities satisfying the requirements set forth under article 2, paragraph 1, lett. 
c), of the MEF Decree. 
“Put Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the Primary Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by any Covered Bondholder intending to exercise its right to 
redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders). 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Primary Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of the Covered Bond with such Primary Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder intending to exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 8(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders).

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
“Quota Capital Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement” means the quotaholders’ agreement executed on or about the Initial Issue 
Date by, inter alios, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s. 
“Receivables” means, collectively, the Initial Receivables, the Subsequent Portfolios and the monetary 
receivables arising under any other eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations and Integration Assets, 
other than Eligible Deposits, from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool. 
“Redemption/Payment Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major 
banks selected by the Primary Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference 
Rate. 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Registered Paying Agent” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to but 
excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(b) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(c) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls 
other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and/or any other clearing system (other 
than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which payments under 
the Covered Bonds may be made. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
which is seven days after that on which the Primary Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
“Relevant Dealer(s)” means, in relation to any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers with or through whom an 
agreement to issue Covered Bonds has been concluded, or is being negotiated, by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders” means the entity that will act as representative of the 
holders of each Covered Bond pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, (a) in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, the sum of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds and the product of (i) the weighted 
average remaining maturity of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds expressed in days and divided by 365, 
(ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series Covered Bonds, 
and (iii) Negative Carry Factor * 0,50; (b) in respect of a Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds, the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of such Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Guarantor Payment Date: 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at 
least “P-1” by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the Issuer and the Guarantor 
from time to time; otherwise 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation Date which will be equal to the aggregate 
amount of:  
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date in 
respect of items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments;  
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that would be payable by the Guarantor on 
any relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following three months or, if no 
Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with BPER in 
relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interest amount due under that Series of Covered 
Bonds in the immediately following three months; and 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
“Sale Date” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Sale Date After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” has the meaning given to such 
term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
Default and if the relevant Notice to Pay has been served on any CB Payment Date or within two 
Business Days after any CB Payment Date, the day which is seven Business Days after such CB 
Payment Date; 
(b) 
if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has become a Pass Through Series, such CB Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and provided that the final Maturity Date of the 
relevant Pass Through Series shall be the Extended Maturity Date; or 
(c) 
after the occurrence of a breach of the Amortisation Test and service of a Breach of the Amortisation 
Test Notice on the Guarantor and provided that all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds have 
become Pass Through Series, such CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms and 
provided that the final Maturity Date of all outstanding Pass Through Series shall be the Extended 
Maturity Date. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where 
applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-
up in respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The 
Scheduled Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional 
amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the 
service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) 
had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity 
Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB 
Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the 
case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: 
(i) prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to 
prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest 
payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, include such Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior 
to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such 
relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 6(c)(i) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Initial Seller, 
the Additional Sellers (if any), the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the 
Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Subsequent Paying Agent, the Primary Paying Agent, 
the Investment Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool 
Manager (if any), the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Selected Assets” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Selected Assets After the Service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice” has the meaning given to 
such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
“Sellers” means, collectively, the Initial Seller and the Additional Sellers (if any). 
“Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds” means a series of Covered Bonds comprising one or more 
Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first payment of interest 
and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“Servicer” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa) or any successor servicer appointed from time to time in respect of this Programme. 
“Servicer Report” means the report prepared and submitted by the Servicer to the Guarantor, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties, in the form set out in the 
Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the collections and recoveries made in respect of the 
Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. 
“Servicing Agreement” means the servicing agreement entered into on 17 September 2015, as 
subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Servicer. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means Euro 100,000 and integral multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof 
or such higher denomination as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds). 
“Specified Office” means, with reference to the Primary Paying Agent, its office at via Aristotele 195, 
Modena, Italy or such other office in the same city or town as the Primary Paying Agent may specify by 
notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the manner 
provided therein. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements” means the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and each Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any), and each of them a “Subordinated Loan Agreement”, as the 
context requires.  
“Subordinated Loan Provider” means any of BPER and the Additional Seller, and any respective 
successor thereof, appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subsequent Paying Agent” means Citibank N.A., Milan Branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
“Subsequent Portfolios” means any portfolio of Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets which, further 
to the sale of the Initial Receivables, the Guarantor shall purchase from the Initial Seller and/or the 
Additional Sellers pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement.. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to such term in article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap. 
“Swap Counterparties” means, collectively, the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties and the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties and “Swap Counterparty” means any one of them as the context requires. 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination of any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage 
Pool Swap due to either: 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by the relevant Swap Counterparty to take 
such action as is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such Rating Event; or

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the 
avoidance of doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an Issuer Event of Default) 
and as designated as such by the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system (known as TARGET2) which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
“Tests” means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
“Transaction Documents” means, collectively, the Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
the Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Italian Deed of Pledge, the Swap 
Agreements, the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Subscription Agreement, the Mandate 
Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and any document 
or agreement which supplements, amends or restates the content of any of the above-mentioned documents 
and any further documents or agreement entered into in connection with the Programme and designated as 
such by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreements” means the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreements (if any) and each of them a “Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 7 (Zero Coupon 
Provisions). 
(b) 
In these Conditions, the following events and the criteria are deemed to have occurred or been satisfied, as 
the case may be, as set out below: 
an “Insolvency Event” will have occurred in respect of any bank, company or corporation if: 
(i) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, receivership, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (among which, without 
limitation, fallimento, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, concordato preventivo, accordi di 
ristrutturazione and amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including also any equivalent or analogous 
proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such bank, company or corporation is deemed 
to carry on business, including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, 
administration, receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, company 
or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or similar procedure having a similar effect (other than, 
in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of 
further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed by the Issuer in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success;

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under paragraph (i) above is made 
in respect of or by such bank, company or corporation or the same proceedings are otherwise 
initiated against such bank, company or corporation or notice is given of an intention to appoint an 
administrator in relation to such bank, company or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected 
by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; 
(iii) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than the Secured Creditors) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium 
in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments; or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation, administration 
or dissolution in any form of such bank, company or corporation (except a winding-up for the 
purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms of which have been 
previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) or any of the 
events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such bank, company or 
corporation; and 
a “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated 
debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated at least as high as the 
highest rating required under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
(c) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic 
of Italy), any premium payable in respect of any Covered Bond and any other amount in the nature 
of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) shall, 
where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a Series 
only; and 
(vi) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation enacted to implement primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to 
such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with article 83-
bis of the Financial Law, through the authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree. 
The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or 
cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as 
depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to 
the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferred by means of, book entries in 
accordance with: (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of the Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation, regarding post-
trading systems, issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on13 August 2018, as subsequently amended, in each 
case as amended and supplemented from time to time. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of 
the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with 
these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by applicable 
laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli Account Holder, whose account is at the relevant time credited with a 
Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the purposes of payments to be made to the holder 
of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice to the contrary, 
any notice of ownership or writing on the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or theft of the Covered 
Bond) and shall not be liable for doing so. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, 
received, or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Covered Bond when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any Guaranteed 
Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Any 
payment made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the corresponding 
obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with 
the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and recourse in respect of the Guarantor 
is limited in the manner described in Condition 14 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the Fixed 
Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest. Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 
(Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. 
Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue 
(both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this 
Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Provisions) to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period in respect of which the Fixed Rate Provisions apply will 
amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Payments of interest on any CB Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation 
Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to 
the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose, a “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to Euro, means 
one cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 9 (Payments) up to 
(and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. Each Covered Bond 
will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount 
is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to accrue (both before and after 
judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under this Condition 6 to the Relevant 
Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
each CB Interest Period will be, subject to Condition 6(j) (Fallback Provisions), determined by the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(A) if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(B) in any other case, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(C) if, in the case of (A) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (B) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will: 
1) request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial 
Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction 
in that market at that time; and 
2) determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(D) if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference 
Rate, as determined by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period for 
loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
CB Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic 
mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of 
the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding CB Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for 
each CB Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant 
Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” means, 
in relation to any CB Interest Period, a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Primary Paying Agent or, where the 
applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent were acting as 
Calculation Agent (as that term is defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the 
London inter bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate 
(“EURIBOR”), the first day of that CB Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(d) 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
for any CB Interest Period, then the applicable Rate of Interest in respect of such CB Interest Period shall 
in no event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest 
so specified, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
in relation to each CB Interest Period, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant CB Interest Period.  
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating Rate Covered Bond 
for such CB Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the 
Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such CB Interest Period, rounding the resulting figure 
to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Covered Bond 
divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other 
than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Primary Paying Agent 
or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent, then the Primary 
Paying Agent or such calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any 
such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by 
the Primary Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for each CB Interest Period, the 
relevant CB Payment Date and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any 
relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Subsequent Paying Agent and any 
stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Covered Bond are for the time being listed and admitted to 
trading as soon as practicable after such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest Period. 
Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices). The Primary Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of 
the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant CB 
Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination, the Primary

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(h) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does not for any reason comply with its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance with 
paragraphs (f) and (g) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall do so (or shall appoint 
an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made 
by the Primary Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing so, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, 
and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the 
circumstances. 
For avoidance of any doubt, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will not incur, in the absence 
of willful misconduct (dolo) or gross default (colpa grave), in any liability by acting pursuant the provisions 
of this Clause. 
(i) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) by the 
Primary Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation 
agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Paying Agents and 
the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Primary 
Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Fallback Provisions 
(i) Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies 
the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an 
Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a 
Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(j)(i) shall act in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence 
of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Covered Bond (being the Primary Paying Agent or such other party specified in the form of 
Final Terms), any Paying Agent or the Covered Bondholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 6(j).

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling 
to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest 
on Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding CB Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable in respect of the immediately preceding CB Interest 
Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest for Covered Bonds 
whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB CB Interest Period shall be substituted 
in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding 
CB Interest Period (as applicable). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(j)(i) shall apply 
to the relevant next succeeding CB Interest Period only and any subsequent CB Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(j)(i). 
(ii) Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines that: 
(A) there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 6(j)); or 
(B) there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j)(iii) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 6(j)). 
(iii) Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6.(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant 
Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(iv) Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor 
Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 6(j)(i) prior to the 
relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and the other Programme Documents, 
including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate 
to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related 
document issued by the competent regulatory authority (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to 
giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(j)(v) (Notices) and subject (to the extent 
required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, or 
non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other Programme Documents 
to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with the 
Guarantor, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, be 
obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, 
by the execution of an amendment agreement to the Programme Documents) and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any consequences 
thereof, provided that if, in the opinion of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more 
onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or 
reduce or amend rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in 
these Conditions or the Programme Documents (including for the avoidance of doubt, any 
amendment to the Programme Documents), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of any 
amendment agreement to the Programme Documents), subject to being indemnified and/or 
secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(j)(iv), the Issuer shall 
comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) is to be applied to the relevant CB Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding CB Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) relating to the relevant CB Interest Period shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding CB Interest Period. 
(v) Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the 
Issuer to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and 
each Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
(vi) Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser) 
to 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) will continue to apply unless and 
until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(vii) Definitions 
For the purposes of this Condition 6(j): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to 
reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders, Receiptholders and Couponholders as a 
result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
a) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate); 
b) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such industry 
standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
c) the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) in accordance with Condition 6(j)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Covered Bonds; 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments); 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
a) the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; or 
b) a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
c) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following 
six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
d) a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
used either generally, or in respect of the Covered Bonds, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
e) it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Covered Bondholders using the Original Reference Rate; 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 
6(j)(i) (Independent Adviser); 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered 
Bonds; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
b) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the 
Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld 
or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated as provided in Condition 8(i) 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) as though the references therein to the date fixed for 
the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
seven days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Primary Paying Agent and notice to that effect has 
been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
8. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Maturity

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 9 (Payments). If an 
Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds 
and, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on 
the Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date 
on which such Covered Bonds will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be, 
subject to sub-paragraph (b) below, automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity 
Date. The Issuer shall confirm to the Primary Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any 
event at least on the Extension Determination Date as to whether payment of the Final Redemption Amount 
in respect of the Covered Bonds will or will not be made in full on that Maturity Date or within two Business 
Days thereafter. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Primary Paying Agent shall not affect the validity 
or effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 11 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed to 
redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days 
thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise outstanding, the Guarantor (as determined on 
its behalf by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) has insufficient moneys available under the relevant 
Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption 
Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling on the 
Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds shall become a Pass Through Series and payment of the unpaid amount by the Guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be automatically deferred until the Extended Maturity 
Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining 
unpaid on such Pass Through Series after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the 
Guarantor on any CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date for such Pass Through Series in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the occurrence 
of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 74 Event 
Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment obligations under any 
Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extension of Maturity has occurred, and any Final 
Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
(iii) 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices)), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Primary Paying Agent and the Subsequent Paying Agent, as soon as reasonably 
practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity Date, of any 
inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such persons shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
In the circumstances described above, the Guarantor shall, on the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after 
making payments or provisions for payment of amounts ranking higher or pari passu with the 
relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation 
of the Guarantor to make any payment towards satisfaction of the Final Redemption Amount not so 
done on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
(v) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity), the Covered Bonds shall bear interest 
from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant CB Payment 
Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or the Extended 
Maturity Date unless on such date payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused (in which 
case, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions and as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms). In these events, interest shall be payable on those Covered Bonds at the rate 
determined in accordance with Condition 8(b)(vi) on the principal amount outstanding of the 
Covered Bonds in arrear on the CB Payment Date in each month after the Maturity Date in respect 
of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant CB Payment Date, subject as 
otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final CB Payment Date shall fall no later than 
the Extended Maturity Date. 
(vi) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date in 
accordance with this Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity), the rate of interest payable from time 
to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment 
Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the 
relevant CB Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, where applicable, 
determined by the Primary Paying Agent or the Subsequent Paying Agent, as the case may be, or, 
where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, the calculation agent so specified, 
two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such CB Interest Period and 
thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
The provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above shall only apply to Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails 
to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days 
thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 8(b) (Extension of maturity). 
(viii) Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed 
for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior to the CB 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy to the Luxembourg Listing Agent 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the 
Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such 
evidence shall be sufficient to the Subsequent Paying Agent and the Primary Paying Agent and conclusive 
and binding on the Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this 
Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in 
accordance with this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 8(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed at 
the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected 
in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 8(d) (Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) in respect 
of such Covered Bonds shall in no event be greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount or be less than 
the Minimum Redemption Amount so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Covered Bond, redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption Date 
(Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. To exercise such option, the Covered

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), deposit with the Primary Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from the Primary Paying Agent. The Primary Paying Agent with which a Put Option Notice is so deposited 
shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once deposited 
in accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), no duly 
completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bond becomes immediately due and payable or, upon due 
presentation of any such Covered Bond on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), payment of the 
redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Primary Paying Agent shall mail notification 
thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been given by such Covered Bondholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Covered Bonds are held by the Primary Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 8(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), the Covered 
Bondholder and not the Primary Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for 
all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at 
any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Primary Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB Payment 
Date of any Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments under the 
Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or regulations or any 
change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment 
has become or will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in Conditions 8(a) 
(At maturity) to 8(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of 
a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes due 
and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(j) 
Instalments

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the amount(s) and on the payment date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their 
Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase beneficially or 
procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), cancelled. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds 
at any time. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed, in accordance with Conditions from 8(a) (At maturity) to 8(g) 
(Redemption due to illegality), shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
9. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds deposited with Monte 
Titoli will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Primary Paying Agent 
and/or the Subsequent Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the 
accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with those 
Covered Bonds, and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds. Payments made by or on behalf 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) according to the instructions of Monte Titoli to the 
accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with those 
Covered Bonds will relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the 
corresponding payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case 
may be). 
Alternatively, the Primary Paying Agent and/or the Subsequent Paying Agent may arrange for payments 
of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made to the Covered Bondholders through 
Euroclear and Clearstream to be credited to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial 
owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may 
be, Clearstream. Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the 
accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream will relieve the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws, 
directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, the Guarantor or their 
Agents agree to be subject and neither Issuer nor the Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 10 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy).  
(c) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for any payment of principal and/or interest in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment 
Business Day in the Place of Payment, the holder of the relevant Covered Bond shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the immediately succeeding Payment Business Day in such

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
Place of Payment and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such 
delay. 
10. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future 
taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority 
therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such 
amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta sostitutiva 
provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (“Decree No. 
239/1996”) with respect to any Covered Bonds (including in all circumstances in which the 
requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239/1996 and related implementing rules have not been 
properly and promptly met or complied with) or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 
June 1998) (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
A. in the Republic of Italy; or 
B. by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such 
Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy 
other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
C. by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a declaration or any other 
statement to the relevant tax authority including, but not limited to, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
D. more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Covered Bond 
for payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a CB Payment Date; or 
E. in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities 
for the purpose of Decree No. 239/1996; or 
F. in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is required 
pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time; or 
G. in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such withholding 
or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time; or

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
H. held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who would have been able to avoid 
such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to a Paying 
Agent in another Member State of the EU but they failed to do so. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
11. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of two Business Days to pay any principal amount or for a period 
of 14 Business Days in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series when due; 
or  
(ii) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any 
Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to 
comply with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be required), and 
such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure 
is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not cured by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
(v) 
an Article 74 Event, 
then, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice 
to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred (specifying, in 
case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree 
and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (C) in 
case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (F) above (I) the Guarantor, in accordance 
with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due and payable under 
the Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) upon the end of the suspension period the 
Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds (and for 
the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated 
against the Issuer);

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
(ii) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments set out 
in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(iii) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined above) shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test (as 
defined below) shall be also applied; 
(iv) 
to the extent that the Guarantor does not have sufficient funds to pay principal on any Series of 
Covered Bonds, such Series shall become a Pass Through Series in accordance with Condition 8(b); 
(v) 
 the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely due payments under the Covered 
Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
(vi) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued; 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in items (i) to (vi) of paragraph (b) above will 
only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect.  
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to 
article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the “Article 74 Event”) and ending on the 
date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which 
the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed 
Amounts that fall due and payable during such period. 
(c) 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice 
Following the service of a Breach of Amortisation Test Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds shall become Pass Through Series of Covered Bonds and 
will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance with the Post-Breach of Amortisation Test 
Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
Disposal of Assets: the Guarantor shall use its best effort to sell Receivables and/or the Integration 
Assets and/or Public Securities included in the Cover Pool (other than Eligible Deposits) in 
accordance with the provisions of this Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
(d) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor, having sufficient Available Funds for such purpose in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments, for a period of seven days to pay any principal amount, or for 
a period of 14 days in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
(ii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under the provisions of any Transaction 
Documents to which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of principal 
or interest on the Covered Bonds) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying that such failure is, in its 
opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying whether 
or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iii) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor,

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed by 
an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
(e) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers a Guarantor 
Default Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Pass Through Covered Bonds) shall 
become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early Redemption Amount together, 
if appropriate, with any accrued interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs with respect to a Series, each other Series of Covered Bonds 
will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, and they 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest and 
any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under 
Condition 10(a) (Gross up by Issuer)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders shall 
be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of the 
Covered Bonds, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion 
and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against the Guarantor 
as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(v) 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 11 (Events of Default) by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall 
attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall be barred and become void unless made within 10 years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
13. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of 
the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until 
repayment in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at 
all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by 
the Covered Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
(b) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, these Conditions (including the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the 
period commencing on the Initial Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) 
on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these 
Conditions. 
(c) 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, acting in its name 
and on its behalf, and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the terms of the 
Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is a party and by 
any agreement entered into from time to time by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for the provisions 
set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, expenses 
or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the performance 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of any of its rights 
under the Transaction Documents. 
14. 
Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as 
provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool which constitute 
Available Funds subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the general 
law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. In 
particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the Transaction 
Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bonds 
Guarantee or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction Documents, 
have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for the purpose of 
obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar programme established for the issuance 
of covered bond guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu thereto, no 
Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the Covered

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in relation to the 
Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of Payments not being 
complied with. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the 
Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or a Breach of 
Amortisation Test Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and do not assume in the 
framework of the Programme any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
The Primary Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any additional Paying 
Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where 
applicable) the Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent 
and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and 
(b) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent in an EU member 
state that will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax pursuant to European Council Directive 2003/48/EC 
income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in order to conform to, such Directive 
; and 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in any 
particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall maintain a paying agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects except 
for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds or upon such terms as the 
Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
17. 
Notices 
(a) 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli 
and/or by a common depository for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, shall be deemed to have been validly 
given if delivered to Monte Titoli and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication by them to the 
entitled accountholders and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which it 
was delivered to Monte Titoli, Clearstream and Euroclear, as applicable.  
(b) 
In addition, for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(c) 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving 
notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
by which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is 
given to the Covered Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
require. 
18. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these Conditions 
or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent being rounded up to 0.00001 
per cent), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the 
nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts 
denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two 
decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
19. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
These Covered Bonds, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Transaction Documents (save for the Swap Agreements and the English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment which are governed by English law) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation 
to the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders or 
their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of Law 130, 
the BoI Regulations and the MEF Decree.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1 
General 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) is created 
concurrently with the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and is governed by these 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules”). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds 
of whatever Series or Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds of 
each Series or Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
“Blocked Covered Bonds” means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, or (ii) in case of 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds which have been blocked with the Registrar, 
for the purpose of obtaining from the Primary Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a Voting Certificate or a 
Block Voting Instruction, on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Primary Paying 
Agent or by a Registrar, as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds 
have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Primary Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) 
of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of 
the release thereof by the Primary Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds have 
been blocked with the Registrar and will not be released until the conclusion of the Meeting; 
(i) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised 
person on its behalf has notified the Primary Paying Agent or the Registrar that the votes 
attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to 
be put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(ii) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing between 
those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and against, each 
resolution; and 
(iii) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
“Chairman” means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 
6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
“Covered Bondholder” means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds. 
“Event of Default” means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the context 
requires. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in 
accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of the 
votes cast. 
“Holder” means, in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
“Liabilities” means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or 
demands, judgments, proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect 
of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added taxes or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment). 
“Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System which 
holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Ordinary Resolution” means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent of the votes cast. 
“Programme Resolution” means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these 
Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings 
against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 11(e) (Effect 
of a Guarantor Default Notice), as applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form. 
“Proxy” means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to 
vote under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Primary Paying Agent 
or the Registrar has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and who 
has not been revoked to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
“Register” means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and assignments 
of Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
“Registered Paying Agent” means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect 
of the Covered Bonds issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
“Registrar” means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference 
to the Issuer. 
“Resolutions” means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
“Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds, 
the exchange rate specified in the respective Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Pass 
Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated, the 
applicable spot rate. 
“Transaction Party” means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
“Voter” means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, 
the bearer of a Voting Certificate issued by the Primary Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a Proxy named 
in a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Voting Certificate” means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by the interested Covered 
Bondholder and issued by the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant 
custodian or by a Registrar, as the case may be, and dated, stating: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, and will not 
be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Meeting and (ii) the surrender of the 
certificate to the clearing system or the Monte Titoli Account Holder or to the Registrar who issued 
the same; 
(b) 
details of the Meeting concerned and the number of the Blocked Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the 
Blocked Covered Bonds.: 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons holding 
or representing at least 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, whether 
contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or 
more of such Covered Bondholders. 
“24 hours” means a period of 24 hours, including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business 
both in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Primary Paying Agent 
has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the Registrar has its specified 
office. 
“48 hours” means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions 
used in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the relevant 
Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a 
reference to an Article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
any reference to a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or 
successor in title of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation 
or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any Transaction 
Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been transferred; and

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent 
successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate Pass 
Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds and, accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this 
sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) and 4 (Convening a 
Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to 
Act on Behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, separately and independently to the Covered 
Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders) to 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall 
apply to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the 
expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Covered Bondholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
3 
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of 
the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or single 
Meetings of the Covered Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for 
the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the 
Issuer shall upon request in writing signed by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the 
same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the relevant holder(s). The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of 
more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of these 
Rules shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, 
and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
5 
Notice 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant 
Meeting is to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant 
Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Primary Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a 
copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer 
subject to Article 4.2 (Meetings convened by Issuer). 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such 
Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the 
regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 
2018, as amended from time to time. The notice shall specify the nature of the resolutions to be proposed 
and shall explain how, according to these rules, Covered Bondholders may appoint Proxies, obtain Voting 
Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full text of any 
resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state 
that Covered Bond issued in registered form, may be blocked with the Registrar, or with any other entity 
authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting Instructions 
until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form may also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions 
to the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the 
Specified Office of the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the 
time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied with if 
the Covered Bondholders constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders 
of which are entitled to attend and vote, are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
6 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes of the time fixed for the 
Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which the 
Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as 
was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the 
business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and 
determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist in 
any given matter, and may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Covered 
Bondholders. 
7 
Quorum 
7.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it 
owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least one-third of the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being 
outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered 
Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or 
represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided below), 
one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
holding or representing at least 50 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or 
representing one-third of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation to 
a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Articles 30 (Amendments and 
Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), only be capable of being effected after having been approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where 
applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in respect of any 
principal or interest in respect of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the relevant Pass Through Series or 
Series of Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deed of Pledge or the 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (except in a manner determined by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such relevant Pass Through 
Series or Series of Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; 
and 
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7.1(c), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns 
any of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing holders 
of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such 
Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons (including 
the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds) 
being or representing not less than one third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
7.2 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes of the time fixed 
for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is 
present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall be 
dissolved; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders 
otherwise agree) shall be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less than 14 days and not 
more than 42 days later) and to such place as the Chairman determines or (ii) on the date and at the 
place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice sets out the date and place of 
any adjourned Meeting); provided, however, that, in any case: 
(i) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
(ii) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders 
together so decide. 
8 
Adjourned Meeting 
Without prejudice to Article 7 (Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if 
so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at 
any adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the Meeting from which the 
adjournment took place. 
9 
Notice following Adjournment 
9.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a quorum 
except that: 
(a) 
at least 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be given; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting 
resumes; and 
(c) 
it shall not be necessary to give notice of the convening of an adjourned Meeting (i) if the notice 
given in respect of the first Meeting already sets the time and place for an adjourned Meeting and 
specifies the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes; or (ii) if the 
Meeting has been adjourned for any other reason. 
9.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give 
notice of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 7 
(Quorum). 
10 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
11 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
11.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting the Relevant 
Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, to issue a 
certificate in accordance with the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of 
Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
11.2 
A Covered Bondholder may require the Primary Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by 
arranging for their Covered Bonds to be blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting, providing to the Primary Paying Agent, where appropriate, evidence that the Covered

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
Bonds are so blocked. The Covered Bondholders may obtain such evidence by, inter alia, requesting the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian to release a certificate 
in accordance with, as the case may be: (i) the practices and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System; 
or (ii) the applicable provisions set fort under the regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued by the 
Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
11.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered 
Bonds to which it relates. 
11.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a 
Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be deemed 
to be the holder of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the 
Meeting.  
11.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the 
same Covered Bond. 
11.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
11.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to the 
satisfaction of the Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to be blocked with 
the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The registered Holder 
may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the Registrar written 
instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered Holder 
may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction 
shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a 
Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
12 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions and Voting Certificates 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it 
is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Registrar, as the case 
may be, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before 
the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before 
such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting proceeds to business. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting Instruction 
and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or 
Proxy named therein shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of 
any Proxy or Covered Bondholder named therein. 
13 
Voting by Show of Hands 
13.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of hands. 
13.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s declaration 
that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or rejected, or 
rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes cast for, or 
against, the resolution. 
14 
Voting by Poll 
14.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or 
on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the 
continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
14.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may 
set a time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms 
specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after 
the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
15 
Votes 
15.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 in principal amount of the Covered Bonds 
represented by the Voting Certificate produced by such Voter or in respect of which he is a Proxy 
or such other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute 
discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
its absolute discretion may stipulate). 
15.2 
Block Voting Instruction and Voting Certificate 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a 
Proxy, a Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the 
votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16 
Voting by Proxy 
16.1 
Validity 
Any vote cast by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate 
appointing a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any 
instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been amended or revoked, provided that none of the 
Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman has been notified in 
writing by the Primary Paying Agent of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time 
set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in 
relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an 
adjournment, save that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to, exclusively, the meeting originally 
convened and which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such 
meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a 
Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17 
Resolutions 
17.1 
Ordinary Resolutions

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable 
by Ordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
To grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of 
a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an Extraordinary 
Resolution; and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of them; 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or 
any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these 
Rules, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, in any such case, 
shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and/or any other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents which 
shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
of any Covered Bondholder; 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from any liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the 
Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in compliance 
with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other 
party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default, a Guarantor Event of Default or a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant Notice to Pay, Breach of Amortisation 
Test Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the 
Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
(k) 
in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a Notice to 
Pay, Breach of Amortisation Test Notice, Guarantor Default Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result of an Issuer Event 
of Default pursuant to Condition 11(a) (Issuer Events of Default) or a breach of Amortisation Test 
pursuant to Condition 11(c) (Breach of Amortisation Test Notice) or as a result of a Guarantor Event 
of Default pursuant to Condition 11(d) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
17.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant 
to Conditions 11(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 11(e) (Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice), as 
applicable. 
17.4 
Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which shall be 
passed by the Holders of all the Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) that is 
passed by the Holders of one Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect 
of another Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary 
Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then 
outstanding of that other Series. 
18 
Effect of Resolutions 
18.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at 
a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be 
binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such Meeting and/or not voting. A 
Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be 
binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting and/or not 
voting. 
18.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be 
published (at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agents (with 
a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 
14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
20 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by the 
Issuer for that purpose. The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the 
proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes 
have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all resolutions 
passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters required 
to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
22 
Individual Actions and Remedies 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 14 (Limited Recourse and 
Non-Petition), clause 4 (Exercise of rights and subrogation) and clause 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and clause 9 (Exercise of Certain Rights) and clause 13 (Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor 
Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using other 
individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond Guarantee, any such 
action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual 
action or other remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with these 
Rules (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to the enforcement of the individual action 
or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be permitted to take such action or remedy (without prejudice to 
the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be resubmitted for review at another 
Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an individual action or remedy, the Covered 
Bondholder will be prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23 
Meetings and Separate Series 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one Series, 
the foregoing provisions of these Rules shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a meeting 
of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the 
holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed 
if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the holders of the 
Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed to have been duly 
passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series or 
group of Series so affected; 
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single meeting 
of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
(e) 
to all such meetings, all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall apply, mutatis mutandis, as 
though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the 
Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, 
as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than Euro

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the case 
of any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one 
currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any such adjourned Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom 
or any such request or Written Resolution), the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall 
be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present 
shall have one vote for each Euro 1,000 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds (converted as above) which he holds or represents. 
24 
Further Regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and 
attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for the 
appointment of the first Representative of the Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders under 
the Programme, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any other 
jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 106 of the Banking Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor and those who fall within the conditions set out 
in article 2399 of the Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and, if appointed as such, they shall be automatically removed. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 
26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full 
repayment or cancellation of all Pass Through Series or Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its 
appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in 
connection with the Covered Bonds. 
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall pay to the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from 
the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered 
Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to day and shall be payable in accordance 
with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all 
the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions. Such fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, 
in the event that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature. 
26 
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months’ 
written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation 
and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that, if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a 
successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
27 
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
27.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents 
in order to protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is 
responsible for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisers at the Issuer’s 
expenses, provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly documented) to propose any course 
of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, in the exercise of the powers, discretions and 
authorities vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; and 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by power 
of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but 
not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including power 
to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal 
course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and 
shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, 
omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be 
responsible for the instructions given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall 
procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-
delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders in any judicial proceedings, including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor. 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and 
any other Transaction Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in 
the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise or refraining of any right, power and discretion vested 
in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for any loss, costs, damages, expenses 
or inconveniences that may result from the exercise, non-exercise or refraining from exercise thereof except 
insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or willful misconduct 
(dolo). 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled 
to exercise its discretion hereunder (including, but not limited, to forming any opinion in connection with 
the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right 
(but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders’ 
instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with 
security as specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance 
by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or 
any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such certificate, subject to 
the passing of any Extraordinary Resolution under Article 17.2 paragraph (h), shall be conclusive and 
binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party 
to the Transaction Documents. 
28 
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
28.1 
Limited obligations

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in 
addition to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of this Article 28.2 (Specific limitations), the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders: 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of Default 
or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would 
cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, until the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be entitled 
to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, 
condition or act has occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the 
Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express notice 
to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume that the 
Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing and 
performing all their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the 
Conditions, the terms of any Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any Covered 
Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, any information (including, without 
limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made available to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person in 
respect of the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no Covered Bondholders shall 
be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any 
such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under any 
obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these 
Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, suitability 
or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other document or any 
obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or 
thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged breach by the Issuer, the 
Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in 
respect of or in any way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or 
obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Servicer or compliance therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in 
the Cover Pool; and

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, 
the Account Banks, and the Corporate Servicer and the Primary Paying Agent or any other 
person in respect of the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue of 
the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by any 
credit or rating agency or any other person; 
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, statement, 
warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate, document or 
agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring registration 
or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in 
the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part 
thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable of being remedied 
or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables contained 
in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof provided by any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from the 
realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or verifying 
any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction 
Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a 
class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered 
Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
taxing authority, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to require, 
nor shall any Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person, any indemnification or payment in 
respect of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders; 
(q) 
shall not, if, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is of 
the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would 
be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the 
approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Transaction 
Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the 
Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in 
it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions 
herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its 
satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be brought 
or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a result. Nothing 
contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability 
in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder 
if it has grounds for believing the repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security 
for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured, provided that the Representative of the 
Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so requests in 
conjunction with the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any other person 
which may result from anything done or omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions 
of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of 
fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
28.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the 
Guarantor in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors under the security for the discharge of the Secured Amount, 
created by the Guarantor on or around the Initial Issue Date, pursuant the Italian Deed of Pledge and the 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (the “Security”). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors’ interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving 
from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the Guarantor, the obligors whose obligations form 
part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to an Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security shall 
be deposit accounts for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian Civil Code and agree that such 
Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to enforcement 
of the Security, in accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue 
instructions for the collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the 
Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
28.4 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, 
at any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
28.5 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything 
which may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take 
risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in 
its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or 
that it will not be indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such 
action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary 
to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29 
Reliance on Information 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any 
written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax adviser, credit or rating 
agency or other expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not, in the absence of gross negligence (colpa grave) or willful 
miscounduct (dolo) on the part of Representative of the Covered Bondholders, be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by 
letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although 
the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as sufficient 
evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate 
duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor to 
the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate unless 
any of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes 
have been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though 
it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing 
of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not 
valid or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, 
may fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
regulation, regarding post-trading systems, issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 February 
2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified 
therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and 
signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any clearing system or 
Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period 
any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered 
Bonds. 
29.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising 
any power, authority, duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules, that such exercise will not be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time 
being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds of 
any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by such exercise, 
have otherwise given their consent or have otherwise informed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders that they will not take an adverse rating action as a result of the exercise by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of any of its powers, authorities, duties or discretions hereunder. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its 
obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would 
affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain such views 
itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the 
Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document: 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for under 
the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in 
respect of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities 
incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express 
notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
29.8 
Auditors

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors’ report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30 
Amendments and Modifications 
30.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and without the consent or sanction of 
the Covered Bondholders concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in 
making any amendment and modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may disregard whether any such amendment and modification relates to a Series Reserved 
Matter): 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured 
Creditors; and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or, which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made 
to correct a manifest error or an error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or an error which is proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes 
of clarification or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune 
for the purposes of complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the 
MEF Decree, the Law 130, the BoI Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in 
respect thereof. 
30.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such condition (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders determines and shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders 
and, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer 
or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 17 
(Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and any other party in making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an 
Extraordinary Resolution and only if it is indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction 
against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
30.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it 
appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any 
way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required to reflect 
such intention; and 
(b) 
confirmation from Moody’s that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered Bonds shall 
continue to have the same credit ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to the 
modification. 
31 
Waiver

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
31.1 
Waiver of breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at any time and from time to time without any consent 
or sanction of the Covered Bondholders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent 
breach, condition, event or act, but only if, and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any 
proposed breach or breach of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond 
Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against the Guarantor under any other Transaction 
Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Transaction 
Documents. 
31.2 
Binding nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred to in this Article 31 (Waiver) shall be binding on the 
Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this 
Article 31 in contravention of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 
75 per cent in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (in the case of any such 
determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid) and at 
all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all 
Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such 
direction or request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter unless 
holders of Covered Bonds of each such Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its 
exercise. 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such 
authorisation, waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, 
as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
32 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge 
(on a full indemnity basis) upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered 
Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands 
duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
including, but not limited to, legal expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or 
duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal 
proceedings brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the 
Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), 
gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
33 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, the 
Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo). 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE 
OF A GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
34 
Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon the service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, failing the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its 
capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the 
interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain 
rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as 
legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of 
the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem 
propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain Transaction Documents, including 
the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35 
Governing Law 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and 
will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to 
settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) or in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended or re-enacted, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). Consequently, no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]51 
MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the purposes of 
each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended or re-enacted, “MiFID II”) / [MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa) 
(a bank incorporated in Italy as a joint-stock company 
(società per azioni in the Republic of Italy) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [ISIN/ issue date of earlier Tranche] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds (the “Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated 18 December 2020 [and the supplement[s] to the base 
prospectus dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of the 
                                                     
 
51 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes to prohibit 
offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
Prospectus Regulation (Regulation 2017/1129/EC) as amended from time to time  (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the 
Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus [, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing at 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. These Final Terms will be published on website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.]  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.)  
1 
Series Number:  
[●] 
(a) 
Tranche Number:  
[●] 
(b) 
[Date on which the Covered Bonds 
will be consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the Covered Bonds identified by ISIN CODE: No. 
[insert ISIN Code] on [the Issue Date] / [Not Applicable] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●]  
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[●]  
(a) 
Series:  
[●]  
(b) 
Tranche:  
[●]  
4 
Issue Price:  
[●] per cent of the aggregate nominal amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (in the case of fungible issues only, 
if applicable)]  
5 
Specified Denominations:  
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of [●] in addition to the said 
sum of € [1,000]] (Include the wording in square brackets 
where the Specified Denomination is Euro 100,000 or 
equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal amount)  
(a) 
Calculation Amount:  
[●]  
6 
Issue Date:  
[●]  
(a) 
Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
7 
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and 
year]  
8 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to Final Redemption 
Amount under the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year] (as referred to in Condition 8(b)) 
9 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate]  
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent Floating Rate]  
 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 7)] 
 
(further particulars specified in items [15] / [16] / [17] below)

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) 
will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at par (as referred to in 
Condition 8(a))] / [Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at par on the payment dates and the relevant amounts specified 
in item [23] (as referred to in Condition 8(j))] / [Subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●] 
(insert an amount above 100%)/[100]] per cent of their 
nominal amount.] (as referred to in Condition 8(i)) 
11 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable] / [●] (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable)  
12 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable]  
 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 8(f))]  
 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 8(d))]  
 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] below)]  
13 
Date of Board approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds and of receipt of Covered 
Bond Guarantee:  
[●] [and [●]], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bond Guarantee)]  
14 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
15 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 5) (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[●] 
per 
cent 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
(b) 
CB Payment Date(s):  
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / [Modifified Following 
Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] (specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable Additional 
Business Centre(s) for the definition of “Business Day”) / [not 
adjusted]  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(d) 
Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB Payment Date 
falling [in/on] [●]  
(e) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16 
Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 6) (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
CB Interest Period(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Specified Period:  
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives. A 
Specified Period, rather than CB Payment Dates, will only be 
relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)  
(c) 
CB Payment Dates:  
[●] (Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives. 
If the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention, insert 
“Not Applicable”)  
(d) 
First CB Payment Date:  
[●]  
(e) 
Business Day Convention:  
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
(f) 
Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional Business 
Centre]  
(g) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]  
(h) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Primary Paying 
Agent):  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Reference Rate:  
[For example, LIBOR or EURIBOR]  
 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):  
[●]  
 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[For example, Reuters LIBOR 01/EURIBOR 01]  
 
Relevant Time:  
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]  
 
Relevant Financial Centre:  
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful currency is the 
euro)  
(j) 
ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
Floating Rate Option:  
[●]  
 
Designated Maturity:  
[●]  
 
Reset Date:  
[●]  
(k) 
Margin(s):  
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
(l) 
Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(m) 
Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(n) 
Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 
(Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond 
Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 7) (If 
not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
Accrual Yield:  
[●] per cent per annum  
(b) 
Reference Price:  
[●]  
Provisions Relating to Redemption  
18 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 8(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
If redeemable in part:  
 
(d) 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Maximum Redemption Amount:  
[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(f) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
19 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 8(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)  
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bonds:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
(c) 
Notice period:  
[●]  
20 
Final Redemption Amount 
[] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (which 
will always be redeemed at least at 100% of their nominal 
amount) shall be equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
Covered Bonds) 
21 
Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/ [] per Calculation Amount] (as referred to in 
Condition 8)  
Early redemption amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on acceleration 
following a Guarantor Event of Default or 
other early redemption (if required or if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions):  
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount and/or the Early 
Termination Amount if different from the principal amount of 
the Covered Bonds)  
General Provisions Applicable To The Covered Bonds 
22 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial Centre] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(b) and 16 (f) relate)  
23 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for which 
principal is repayable in instalments: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made:  
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made] 
 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor 
confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from 
information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information 
inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
 
By: ..................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ESTENSE CPT COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
 
By: ..................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
 
(a) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(b) 
Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/specify other regulated market] with effect 
from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
[The [●] were admitted to trading on [the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/ [●] (specify other 
regulated market)] with effect from [●]] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate that 
original Covered Bonds are already admitted to trading.) 
(c) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
Ratings 
 
Ratings:  
[Not Applicable] 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
 
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated 
to Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)  
[The credit ratings included or referred to in these Final 
Terms [have been issued by [Moody’s], which is 
established in the European Union and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, 
as amended from time to time (the “CRA Regulation”) as 
set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the 
ESMA’s website (for more information please visit the 
ESMA 
webpage 
[http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk.]/[●]]/[have not been issued or endorsed by 
any credit rating agency which is established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the CRA Regulation]. 
(Include the relevant wording as applicable depending on 
the relevant rating agency assigning a rating to the 
Covered Bonds issued)

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
[According to Moody’s, the rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds may address: (i) the likelihood of full and timely 
payment to Covered Bondholders of all payments of 
interest on each CB Payment Date; and (ii) the likelihood 
of ultimate payment of principal in relation to the Covered 
Bonds on (a) the Maturity Date thereof or (b) if the 
Covered Bonds are subject to an Extended Maturity Date 
in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, the 
Extended Maturity Date thereof. The ratings that may be 
assigned by Moody’s incorporate both an indication of the 
probability of default and of the recovery given a default 
of the relevant Covered Bonds.] 
 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. The Dealer(s) and their affiliates have engaged, and may in 
the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions, with, and may perform other 
services for, the Issuer and the Guarantor and their respective affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described constitute 
“significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield:  
[●]  
 
5 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates 
Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on the screen page [●]. 
6 
Distribution 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: []]  
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of other 
contractual arrangement to subscribe the Covered 
Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
EU Benchmark Regulation: 
[Applicable: Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds 
are calculated by reference to [insert name[s] of

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
benchmark(s)], which [is/are] provided by [insert name[s] 
of the administrator[s] – if more than one specify in 
relation to each relevant benchmark]. 
EU 
Benchmark 
Regulation: 
Article 
29(2) 
statement on benchmarks: 
[As at the date of these Final Terms, [[European Money 
Markets 
Institute]/[ICE 
Benchmark 
Administration]/[administrator 
legal 
name]] 
[appears]/[does 
not 
appear] 
in 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established 
and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to article 36 of the BMR.] 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[administrator legal name] 
does not fall within the scope of the BMR by virtue of 
Article 2 of the BMR]/[the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the BMR apply, such that the [[European 
Money Markets Institute]/[others]] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/registration [(or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence)]]/ [Not Applicable] 
 
7 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code:  
[●]  
Common Code:  
[●]  
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable / [_____].]  
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. and Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment.  
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (if 
any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
(Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held in a 
form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (i.e. 
issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively deposited 
with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-bis of Italian 
legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended, through the authorised institutions listed in

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
article 83-quater of such legislative decree) and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.) 
8 
Proceeds 
 
Estimated net amount of proceeds: 
[●] 
Use of proceeds: 
[●]

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum denomination indicated in the 
applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time agreed 
with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. Such legal 
documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of assignment agreement, attached to the 
Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Assignment 
Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation agreement, in the form from time to time agreed 
with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to which the holders of the Registered Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by 
the terms of the Transaction Documents and (b) undertake to comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants 
as to the exercise of certain rights in accordance with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment of (i) any additional paying agent 
in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and (ii) the registrar in respect of the 
Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a 
different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, the 
relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds, 
will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed 
by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the Available Funds. The 
Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves and the Covered Bonds, 
except in respect of the applicable maturity of each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds and the Registered Covered 
Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds 
or Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the MEF Decree and with the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of Registered Covered Bonds 
shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited 
to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority 
of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to time shall 
be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be settled through 
a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as Namensschuld 
verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered Bonds and does not 
include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in any case, 
certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable 
to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set out, 
specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as 
a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating thereto or any other document expressed to

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus 
shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto 
or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination indicated in the applicable 
Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY  
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the Covered Bonds. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base Prospectus, which 
may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
commodities) may be subject to special rules. For Covered Bondholders who are not resident in Italy for tax purposes, 
applicable tax treaties may reduce or nullify the tax rates set out below. Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered 
Bonds. 
This section will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if such a change occurs, the information in this section 
could become invalid. 
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (the “Decree 239/1996”) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference 
between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from notes issued, 
inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, as amended and 
supplemented (“Decree No. 917”). For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value. 
Interests  
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected (unless the individual has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regimes 
according to Article 7 of Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 – see “Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-
commercial partnership, (c) a non-commercial private or public institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian 
corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant 
holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited 
with an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Covered Bonds will not be subject to 
imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”) and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the 
Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax productive activities (“IRAP”).  
Under the regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with amendments by Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of 
the Covered Bonds made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative 
Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the “Financial Services Act”) or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 
January 1994, and Italian real estate SICAFs, both qualifying as such from a legal and regulatory perspective (the “Real 
Estate Funds”), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real Estate 
Fund. However, subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an investment 
company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) 
the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Fund”), 
and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued 
during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the 
management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such 
result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders (the “Collective Investment Fund Tax”).  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax 
period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, 
Società di intermediazione mobiliare (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (SGRs), 
stockbrokers and other entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an “Intermediary”)..  
An Intermediary must: (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial 
intermediary and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 
of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or pension funds may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds if the 
Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “Finance Act 2017”) and Law 
Decree 124/2019, as subsequently amended. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy as listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended from time to time (the “White List”), 
including any country that will be deemed listed therein for the purpose of any interim rule; or (b) an international body 
or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor, whether or 
not subject to tax, set up in a country included in the White List.  
This tax regime applies provided that all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in its 
implementation rules in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met and complied with in due 
time. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by the applicable 
double tax treaty, if any, to interest, premium and other income paid to Covered Bondholders who are resident, for tax 
purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy.

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of interest, premium 
or other income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the Receipts or the coupons with a resident 
bank or a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a 
clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 239/1996 a resident bank or SIM or a 
permanent establishment in Italy or a non-resident bank or SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance and (b) file with the relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the 
Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as 
subsequently amended. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian revenue authorities will not 
assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such 
an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an Italian 
resident guarantor, according to an interpretation, any payment of liabilities equal to interest and other proceeds from the 
Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree 
No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent as a final tax. Double taxation treaties entered into by 
Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding tax. 
In accordance withAccording to another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment made by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime 
described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares (azioni) or securities similar to shares (titoli similari 
alle azioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 may be subject to a withholding 
tax levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian resident individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian resident company or a similar Italian resident commercial entity, (c) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (d) an Italian 
resident commercial partnership or (e) an Italian resident commercial private or public institution and trusts, such 
withholding tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding tax is levied as a final 
withholding tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of withholding 
tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper compliance with relevant 
subjective and procedural requirements. 
Capital gains  
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital 
gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent Covered Bondholders may set off losses with 
gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds, if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings accounts (piani individuali di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017 and Law 
Decree 124/2019. In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital gains 
realised by Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, 
net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the Covered 
Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred 
capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due 
for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholders holding the Covered 
Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital 
gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime 
provided for by Article 6 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as a subsequently amended, 
the “Decree 461/1997”). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in 
Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being 
punctually made in writing by the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well 
as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required 
to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from 
the proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this 
purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, 
the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with 
entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an 
authorised intermediary and have validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 
of Decree 461/1997) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, 
even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. 
Under this risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward 
against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta 
sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour 
of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent; subject to 
certain conditions, depending on the status of the Covered Bondholder and percentage of participation, income of the 
Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio 
accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Covered Bonds 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (88-114) of Finance 
Act 2017 and Law Decree 124/2019, as subsequently amended. 
Non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders  
According to Art. 23, par. 1, let. f) of the TUIR, capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders from 
the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian 
taxation, being the Covered Bonds traded on regulated markets.  
For sake of completeness, please note that, should the Covered Bonds not be traded on regular markets, the following tax 
regime applies.  
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders from the sale, early redemption or redemption of 
Covered Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that (i) the Covered 
Bonds are held outside or (ii) the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an 
international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or 
(c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional 
investor which is set up in a country included in the White List, even if it does not have the status of a taxpayer. In such 
cases, in order to beneﬁt from the exemption from the imposta sostitutiva, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
holding the Covered Bonds with an Italian authorised financial Intermediary and elect to be subject to the risparmio 
gestito regime or are subject to the risparmio amministrato regime, may be required to produce in due time to the Italian 
authorised financial Intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the subjective requirements 
indicated above. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders from the sale 
or redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current 
rate of 26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered 
Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains realised upon 
the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption 
or redemption of Covered Bonds (subject to – in certain cases – the filing of the proper documentation) 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals not 
engaged in an entrepreneurial activity and social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 
and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or pension funds may be exempt from the imposta sostitutiva, on 
capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended 
by Finance Act 2019.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006 as subsequently 
amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a result of death or donation 
are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and gift tax 
applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000, for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour 
of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift 
exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent on the entire 
value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above in Error! 
Reference source not found., Error! Reference source not found. and Error! Reference source not found. on the 
value exceeding, for each beneficiary, € 1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized 
deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of € 200; (b) private deeds are subject to lump sum of € 200 registration 
tax only in case of use or voluntary registration or if the so-called “enunciazione” occurs.  
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (the “Decree 201/2011”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial 
intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent (and cannot exceed € 14,000, for taxpayers other than 
individuals) on the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount or, 
in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Covered Bonds held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 May 2012, 
the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank of Italy) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201 as amended an supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities 
and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with article 5 of Presidential Decree 
917) resident in Italy for tax purposes holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory are required to pay an 
additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (“IVAFE”), which, for taxpayers other than individuals, cannot exceed €14,000 
(Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 20 May 2020).Said regime equalizes the indirect taxtion of financial asses held 
abroad to the one provided for financial assets held in Italy, i.e. the stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff 
attached to Decree No. 642/72, above described. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value is 
available – the nominal value or the redemption value or, in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an 
Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an 
amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due).

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided for by 
Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642/72 does apply. 
Exchange of information under the directive on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation  
Directive (EU) 2018/822 of May 25, 2018 (the so-called "DAC 6") introduced the obligation, for intermediaries and 
taxpayers, to communicate to the financial administrations of EU Countries the cross-border mechanisms potentially 
usable for aggressive tax planning. 
The data collected in this way should be subject to automatic exchange of information between the financial 
administrations of the EU Countries, thus contributing to the creation of a fair taxation environment and, therefore, to the 
proper functioning of the European market. 
Italy has recently implemented the DAC 6 with Legislative Decree of 30 July 2020, No. 100. 
The Legislative Decree No. 100/2020 postpones to a specific Decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, not yet 
issued, the definition of the rules for the implementation of the same Decree, including the detailed indication of the 
"Hallmarks" (i.e. indexes of risk of tax avoidance or evasion).  
Potential Covered Bondholders should consult their tax advisors regarding possible reporting obligations under DAC 6. 
Tax Monitoring 
According to the Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted with amendments into Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, 
as amended from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy for tax 
purposes, under certain conditions, are required to report for tax monitoring purposes in their yearly income tax the amount 
of investments (including the Covered Bonds) directly or indirectly held abroad. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the 
actual owner of the instrument. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds deposited for 
management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through the intervention of qualified 
Italian financial intermediaries, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed by deposits and/or bank 
accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a € 15,000 threshold throughout the year. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Certain non-U.S. financial institutions through which payments on the Covered Bonds are made may be required to 
withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all or a portion of payments made after 31 December 2016 pursuant to the 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA").  
Whilst the Covered Bonds are held through the ICSDs, in all but the most remote circumstances, it is not expected FATCA 
will affect the amount of any payment received by the ICSDs. However, FATCA may affect payments made to custodians 
or intermediaries (including any clearing system other than an ICSD) in the payment chain leading to the ultimate investor 
if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. It may also 
affect payments to any ultimate investor that is a financial institution that is not entitled to receive payments free of 
withholding under FATCA or an ultimate investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from 
which it receives a payment) with any information, forms or other documentation or consents that may be necessary for 
the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. Investors should choose the custodians or intermediaries with care 
(to ensure each is compliant with FATCA or other laws or agreements related to FATCA, including any local law intended 
to implement an inter-governmental agreement, if applicable) and provide each custodian or intermediary with any 
information, forms or other documentation or consents that may be necessary for such custodian or intermediary to make 
a payment free of FATCA withholding. Investors should consult their own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed 
explanation of FATCA and how it may affect them.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
The Issuer's obligations under the Covered Bonds are discharged once it has made payment to, or to the order of, the 
common depositary or common safekeeper for the ICSDs (as bearer of the Covered Bonds) and the Issuer has therefore 
no responsibility for any amount thereafter transmitted through the ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries. Further, 
foreign financial institutions in a jurisdiction which has entered into an intergovernmental agreement with the United 
States (an "IGA") are generally not expected to be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA (or any law implementing 
an IGA) from payments they make. 
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an intergovernmental 
agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 (the “US-Italy IGA”), ratified by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 
2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015. The FATCA implementation Decree 
(i.e. FATCA Decree) was issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (MEF) on 6 August 2015 and published 
in the Official Gazette on 13 August 2015.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following overview is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based on the 
laws currently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, legal or tax 
advice. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional advisers as to the effects 
of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or withholding 
of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg 
income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt 
commercial communal), the employment fund solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as 
personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la 
fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity 
surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers 
are generally subject to personal income tax and the employment fund solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, 
where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal 
business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Covered Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, no withholding tax is levied either on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-residents Covered Bondholders, or on accrued but unpaid interest. In respect of Covered 
Bonds, no Luxembourg withholding tax is payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered Bonds held by non-resident 
Covered Bondholders. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “Relibi Law”), 
interest payments made by Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent 
withholding tax. Responsibility for the withholding of such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Non-resident corporate Covered Bondholders or non-resident individual Covered Bondholders acting in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, who does not have a permanent establishment or permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income tax 
on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts under the Covered Bonds or on any gains realised 
upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
A resident corporate Covered Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption premium or 
issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds, in its 
taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same inclusion applies to an individual Covered 
Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking. Covered Bondholders who 
are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment of principal. 
A Covered Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, 
or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by the law of 13 February 
2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative funds (provided 
it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital that (ii)

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies), is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of 
interest accrued or received, redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any 
form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is subject to 
Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Covered 
Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) the 
individual Covered Bondholder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent (self-applied) tax in full discharge of income 
tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in a EU Member State (other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other 
than a EU Member State), or in a state that has entered into a treaty with Luxembourg relating to the EU Savings Directive. 
A gain realised by an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, 
upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
provided that this sale or disposal took place more than six months after the Covered Bonds were acquired. However, any 
portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if 
withholding tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Covered Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if it maintains a permanent 
establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, is subject to 
Luxembourg net wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bondholder is governed by (i) the law of 11 
May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, (ii) the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for 
collective investment, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, 
as amended and/or supplemented from time to time, or (v) the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended 
and/or supplemented from time to time, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds. 
An individual Covered Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg net 
wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate taxpayers, which 
is due even if the net asset value of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negaltive. This minimum net wealth tax amounts to a 
Euro 4,815 flat rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least Euro 350,000 and at least 90% of the 
corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the meaning of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of Luxembourg 
Plan Comptable Normalisé. 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from Euro 535 to Euro 32,100. 
All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
Additionally, please note that securitization companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitization, as 
amended, or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved 
alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 (provided it is foreseen in the incorporation documents 
that (i) the exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 
2016 applies) and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may be subject to minimum net 
wealth tax. 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value added tax, 
issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents relating to the Covered Bonds 
are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a Covered Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the Covered 
Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes.

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers (the “Dealers”). The arrangements 
under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, the Dealers 
are set out in a programme agreement entered into in the context of the Programme between the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Arranger and the Initial Dealer (the “Programme Agreement”). The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Series or Tranche. The Programme Agreement contains stabilising 
and market making provisions. 
Subscription Agreement 
In respect of any syndicated issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and any 
one or more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will enter into a subscription 
agreement (a “Subscription Agreement” and each Dealer party thereto, a “Relevant Dealer”). Each Subscription 
Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds will be purchased by the 
Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect 
of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area or the UK in which the Prospectus 
Regulation applies(each, a “Relevant Member State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that with effect from and including the date from 
which the Prospectus Regulation entered into force, having a direct applicability in all Member States (the “Date of Entry 
into Force”) it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant 
Member State except that it may, with effect from and including the Date of Entry into Force, make an offer of such 
Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; or 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for 
any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article13(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulationor supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: (i) the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Relevant Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase 
or subscribe the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
United States of America and its Territories 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold or delivered within the United States of America or to, or for the account 
or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state or local securities laws under circumstances designed 
to preclude the Issuer from having to register under the Securities Act. The Dealer represents and agrees that it has not 
offered or sold or delivered the Cover Bonds, and will not offer or sell the Covered Bonds within the United States or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 
forty (40) calendar days after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to Persons other than Distributors 
in reliance on Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except, in either case, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. Neither the Dealer nor their respective Affiliates (“Affiliates”) (as defined in Rule 501(b) of 
Regulation D under the Securities Act) nor any Persons acting on their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed 
selling efforts with respect to the Cover Bonds, and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions 
requirements of Regulation S under the Securities Act. At or prior to confirmation of the sale of Cover Bonds, the Dealer 
will have sent to each Distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases 
the Cover Bonds from them during the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S) a confirmation or 
notice to substantially the following effect: 
The Cover Bonds covered hereby have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention U.S. Person (i) by any person 
referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii), (x) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until forty (40) calendar days 
after the later of (a) the date the Covered Bonds are first offered to Persons other than Distributors in reliance on 
Regulation S and (b) the Issue Date, except in either case, in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Terms used above have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act". 
Terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Cover Bonds may not be offered, or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, Risk Retention 
U.S. Person except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to the registration requirements of, the 
Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of the Covered Bonds within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the “FIEA” or the “Financial Instruments and Exchange Act”). Accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any 
resident of Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control 
Law (Law No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise 
in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
European Economic Area 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area in which the Prospectus Regulation applies (each, a 
“Relevant Member State”), the Dealer represents and agrees that with effect from and including the date from which 
Prospectus Regulation entered into force, having a direct applicability in all Member States (the “Date of Entry into 
Force”) it has not made and will not make an offer of the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant Member State except that it may, from, 
and including, the Relevant Implementation Date, sell the Covered Bonds in that Relevant Member State:

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation) as permitted under the Prospectus Regulation and subject to obtaining the prior consent of the other 
Dealers; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such sale of the Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any of the Dealers 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds, specify the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision: 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds, as the case may be, to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
The United Kingdom 
Each Dealer represents and agrees and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree that: 
(a) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be communicated 
an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”)) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered 
Bonds in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not or, in the case of the Issuer, would not, if it 
was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in 
relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed: 
(a) 
this Base Prospectus is not being distributed in the context of a public offering of financial securities (offre au 
public de titres financiers) in France within the meaning of Article L. 411-1 of the French Monetary and Financial 
Code (Code monétaire et financier) and Articles 211-1 et seq. of the General Regulation of the French Autorité 
des marchés financiers (“AMF”) and therefore has not been approved by, or registered or filed with the AMF;

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
(b)  
the Covered Bonds have not been offered, sold or distributed and will not be offered, sold or distributed, directly 
or indirectly, to the public in France. Such offers, sales and distributions have been and shall only be made in 
France (i) to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés) acting for their own account and/or (ii) to persons 
providing portfolio management investment service for third parties (personnes fournissant le service 
d'investissement de gestion de portefeuille pour compte de tiers), each as defined in and in accordance with Articles 
L. 411-2-II, D. 411-1, D. 321-1, D. 744-1, D. 754-1 and D. 764-1 of the French Monetary and Financial Code and 
any implementing regulation and/or (iii) in a transaction that, in accordance with Article L. 411-2-I of the French 
Monetary and Financial Code and Article 211-2 of the General Regulation of the AMF, does not constitute a public 
offering of financial securities; 
(c)  
pursuant to Article 211-3 of the General Regulation of the AMF, investors in France are informed that the 
subsequent direct or indirect retransfer of the Covered Bonds to the public in France can only be made in 
compliance with Articles L. 411-1, L. 411-2, L. 412-1 and L. 621-8 through L. 621-8-3 of the French Monetary 
and Financial Code; and 
(d)  
this Base Prospectus and any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be 
submitted to the AMF for approval and, accordingly, may not be distributed or caused to be distributed, directly 
or indirectly, to the public in France. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in 
compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz), or any other laws 
applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany to the offering and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy has not been authorised by the Italian Securities and Exchange 
Commission (Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa, “CONSOB”) pursuant to the Italian securities legislation 
and, accordingly, the Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, sell 
or deliver any Covered Bonds or distribute copies of the Prospectus or of any other offering material relating to the 
Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy in a public offer within the meaning of Article 1.1(t) of the Finacial Law, other 
than: 
(i) 
to Italian qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined in Article 100 of Decree 58/1998, as amended (the 
“Financial Services Act”) and Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time (“Regulation No. 11971”); or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are expressly exempted from compliance with the restriction on offers to the public, 
pursuant to Article 100 of the Financial Services Act and Article 34-ter of Regulation No. 11971. 
provided that, in any case, the offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all relevant 
Italian securities, tax and other applicable laws and regulations. 
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must be: 
(i) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the Republic 
of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and 
the Banking Act; and 
(ii) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Banking Act, as amended, and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of 
Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or 
the offer of securities in the Republic of Italy; and 
(iii) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations, including any limitation or requirement which may 
be imposed from time to time by CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or other competent authority as well as any

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
additional requirements provided under the Financial Services Act and/or the Banking Act and related 
implementing regulations. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that it will 
comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable securities laws, regulations and directives in force in 
each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the 
Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain any consent, approval or permission 
required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Covered Bonds under the laws and regulations in force 
in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the 
Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United 
States of America, United Kingdom, Japan, France, Germany and the Republic of Italy, see above). 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any specific 
jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in official 
interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without prejudice to 
the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed “General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted during the 
period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Official List and be traded on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer and the 
Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the ProspectusRegulation, such 
Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are issued in a 
currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No Registered 
Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by certain resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 3 
March 2015, 24 March 2015, 28 July 2015 and 20 October 2015. The publication of this Base Prospectus was authorised 
by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 15 October 2020. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Guarantor 
on 20 November 2015. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection 
with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held on behalf 
of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF 
Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further appropriate information.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions will specify 
the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered Bonds of 
each Series or Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the Final Terms relating thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, there shall be at 
all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Representative of Covered Bondholders is as at the date of this Base Prospectus Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A.

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or arbitration 
proceedings, nor is the Issuer or the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, which have 
had or may have significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability. 
No material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 2019 (the last 
date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2019 (the last date to 
which the latest published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial or trading position or financial 
performance 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the Issuer and 
its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2020 (the end of the last financial period for which  a limited review report 
on operations has been published).  
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the Guarantor 
since 31 December 2019 (the last date to which the latest published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business 
hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(b) 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(c) 
the Conditions; 
(d) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(e) 
the Master Transfer Agreements; 
(f) 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements; 
(g) 
the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(h) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(i) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(j) 
the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(k) 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(m) 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement;

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
(n) 
the Swap Agreements (if any); 
(o) 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(p) 
the Italian Deed of Pledge; 
(q) 
the Mandate Agreement; 
(r) 
the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof which is available also at the webpage 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191143065/Article+of+Association.pdf/622ad5c3-8a10-97d1-
49ce-4dd921339650?version=1.0&t=1602155364481&download=true;  
(s) 
the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof which is available also at the wepage 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965830/Estense+CPT+Covered+Bond+by-
law_English.pdf/733de8e3-004e-eb20-be20-f3b44f58c64e?version=1.0&t=1576246409544&download=true;  
(t) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; 
(u) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (not including any review report) as at 31 March 
2020; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019;  
(w) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2019; 
(x) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; 
(y) 
the BPER Group press release dated 4 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as at 
30 September 2020”; 
(z) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019;  
(aa) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018;  
(bb) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds which are not admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant Covered Bondholders; and 
(cc) 
any other document incorporated by reference.Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered 
Bondholders at the Specified Office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, any document incorporated by reference hereto and referring to 
the 
guarantee 
attached 
to 
the 
Covered 
Bonds 
may 
be 
found 
at 
the 
following 
website: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, either than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
the documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to the applicable rules of the relevant regulated market. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus and 
copies of any Final Terms relating to the Covered Bonds will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 
years on https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-prospectus/estense-cpt-covered-bond.  
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be outstanding,

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly available financial statements and 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall be outstanding, 
copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent available financial statements of the Guarantor may 
be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the accounts 
of the Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange shall 
be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent Investor Report may be obtained, 
free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet 
For the purposes of Article 21.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the Final 
Terms will be available on a dedicated section of the internet website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in the last two 
years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability 
to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”), whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the current 
auditor of the Issuer and the Guarantor and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) 
held by the Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. 
Deloitte is also a member of ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili.  
Deloitte audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer and on the 
financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended on, respectively, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019.  
Deloitte applied a limited review report to the Issuer's interim financial statements as of 30 June 2019 and 30 June 2020, 
in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards in Italy. 
 
Websites 
Any website included in this Base Prospectus (i) is for information purpose only, (ii) do not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and (iii) have not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority inorder to comply with Article 10(1) 
of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/979.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates the page on 
which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some cases are 
summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended from time to 
time. 
£ ...................................................................... 5 
€ .............................................................. 5, 231 
2008 Budget Law ......................................... 79 
2019 Budget Law ....................................... 209 
24 hours ...................................................... 272 
30/360 ......................................................... 227 
30E/360 ...................................................... 228 
30E/360 (ISDA).......................................... 228 
360/360 ....................................................... 227 
48 hours ...................................................... 272 
ABI ............................................................... 78 
Account ...................................................... 222 
Account Banks.................................... 198, 222 
Accounts ..................................................... 222 
Accrual Yield.............................................. 222 
Actual/360 .................................................. 227 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ...................................... 227 
Actual/Actual .............................................. 227 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ................................ 227 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ................................. 227 
Additional Business Centre(s) .................... 222 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ................... 222 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement11, 188, 
222 
Additional Scheduled Interest 
Amounts ............................................. 195, 243 
Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts ............................................. 195, 243 
Additional Seller ..................... 11, 47, 187, 223 
Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement .............................. 12, 52, 192, 223 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement .................................... 48, 190, 223 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount ..... 173, 223 
Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount ....................................................... 202 
Admitted States ........................................... 210 
Advances .................................................... 191 
Affected Loan ............................................. 173 
Affected Receivables .................................. 190 
Affiliates ..................................................... 319 
Alba Leasing ............................................... 107 
ALMS ........................................................... 62 
AMF............................................................ 321 
Amortisation Test ......................... 53, 177, 223 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount ............................................... 177, 223 
Arca Assicurazioni...................................... 107 
Arca Vita ..................................................... 107 
Arranger ........................................................ 11 
Article ......................................................... 273 
Article 74 Event .................................. 193, 264 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice ............. 193, 223 
Asset Coverage Test ........................... 173, 223 
Asset Monitor ....................... 13, 163, 215, 223 
Asset Monitor Agreement ................... 163, 223 
Asset Monitor Engagement Letter .............. 163 
Asset Percentage ......................................... 175 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal 
Balance ....................................................... 174 
Assignment Agreement .............................. 306 
Available Funds .................................... 43, 223 
AY .............................................................. 261 
Banca CRV ................................................. 106 
Banca della Campania ................................ 106 
Banca Italease ............................................. 107 
Banca Popolare del Materano ..................... 106

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno ............... 106 
Banca Popolare Dell’Irpinia ....................... 106 
Banca Popolare di Crotone ......................... 106 
Banca Popolare di Ravenna ........................ 106 
Banca Popolare di Salerno .......................... 106 
Bank ............................................................ 105 
Banking Act ................................ 212, 223, 322 
Bankruptcy Law ......................................... 212 
Base Prospectus ...................................... 1, 296 
Benchmark Amendments ........................... 254 
Benchmark Regulation ................................. 89 
Benchmarks Regulation .................................. 2 
Block Voting Instruction ............................ 270 
Blocked Covered Bonds ............................. 270 
BNT ............................................................ 107 
Board of Directors ...................................... 115 
BoI Regulations ................................ 1, 24, 220 
Bond Basis .................................................. 227 
Borrower ....................................................... 48 
Borrower Payment Suspension Right ........... 79 
Borrowers ..................................................... 48 
BPA ............................................................ 106 
BPER ........................................ 1, 10, 105, 220 
BPER Banking Group .................................. 10 
BPER Commitment Limit ............................ 56 
BPER Group ........................................... 10, 60 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement46, 185, 224 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement52, 191, 224 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement .................................... 48, 190, 224 
BPLS .......................................................... 106 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ........... 224 
Breach of Tests Notice ................. 55, 201, 224 
Breach Related Loss ................................... 174 
Broken Amount .......................................... 224 
Business Day .............................................. 224 
Business Day Convention ........................... 224 
Calculation Agent ................................. 14, 225 
Calculation Amount .................................... 225 
Calculation Date ................................... 29, 225 
Calculation Period ...................................... 225 
Call Option ................................................. 225 
Carispaq ...................................................... 106 
Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement .......................................... 197, 225 
Cash Manager ....................................... 13, 225 
CB Interest Period................................. 17, 225 
CB Payment Date ................................. 17, 225 
CET1 ........................................................... 211 
Chairman .................................................... 271 
CHF ................................................................ 5 
Citibank N.A., London Branch ..................... 13 
Citibank N.A., Milan Branch ........................ 13 
Clausola di Salvaguardia .............................. 78 
Clawed Back Amounts ....................... 194, 233 
Clearstream ............................................. 1, 226 
Collateral ............................................ 208, 226 
Collateral ...................................................... 38 
Collateral Account ...................................... 226 
Collection Accounts.................................... 226 
Collection Period .................................. 40, 226 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ................. 309 
Compensation Threshold ............................ 176 
Condition .................................................... 220 
Conditions ..................................... 20, 220, 296 
Conditions to the Issue.................................. 24 
CONSOB .......................................... 1, 18, 226 
Convention .................................................... 82 
Corporate Servicer ................................ 12, 226 
Corporate Services Agreement ........... 196, 226 
Cover Pool ............................................ 26, 226 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement200, 226 
Cover Pool Manager ................................... 226 
Covered Bond Guarantee ............ 192, 209, 221 
Covered Bond Swap ............................. 14, 226 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty ....... 14, 226

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
Covered Bondholder ................................... 271 
Covered Bondholders ................... 24, 226, 273 
Covered Bonds ....................... 1, 220, 221, 273 
CR Bra ........................................................ 108 
CRA Regulation ..................................... 1, 302 
Criteria .......................................................... 49 
CSA ............................................................ 208 
CSSF ............................................................... 1 
Cure Period ................................................. 190 
Date of Entry into Force ............................. 318 
Day Count Fraction .................................... 227 
Dealer ......................................................... 229 
Dealers .......................................... 11, 221, 318 
Debtor ........................................................... 48 
Decree 132/2010 ........................................... 79 
Decree 201 .................................................. 313 
Decree 380 .................................................... 78 
Decree 461 .................................................. 311 
Decree 53/2015 ........................................... 210 
Decree 84 .................................................... 313 
Decree No. 196 ........................................... 188 
Decree No. 239 ........................................... 262 
Decreto Sviluppo .......................................... 81 
Designated Maturity ................................... 250 
Destinazione Italia Decree .................... 75, 209 
Discount Factor .......................................... 172 
distributor ................................................... 295 
Due for Payment Date ........................ 194, 229 
each Series of Covered Bonds .................... 221 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds .............. 229 
Early Redemption Amount ................. 194, 229 
Early Redemption Date .............................. 229 
Early Termination Amount ......................... 229 
EBA Supervisory Handbook ........................ 67 
EEA ................................................................ 6 
Eligible Assets .............................. 26, 185, 229 
Eligible Cover Pool .................................... 172 
Eligible Deposits ........................................ 229 
Eligible Deposits Advance ................... 52, 191 
Eligible Institution ...................................... 229 
Eligible Investment ..................................... 229 
Eligible Investments ..................................... 52 
Eligible States ....................................... 49, 231 
English Account ......................................... 231 
English Account Bank .......................... 13, 231 
English Accounts ........................................ 231 
English Investment Account ............... 183, 231 
English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment ......................................... 207, 231 
English Securities Account ................. 183, 231 
English Swap Collateral Account ......... 38, 231 
ESMA ............................................................. 1 
Estense CPT Cover Pool Report ................. 198 
EUR ........................................................ 5, 231 
EURIBOR ........................................... 231, 250 
euro ................................................................. 5 
Euro ........................................................ 5, 231 
Euro Equivalent .......................................... 231 
Eurobond Basis ........................................... 228 
Euroclear ................................................. 1, 231 
Eurodollar Convention................................ 224 
Event of Default .......................................... 271 
Excess Proceeds .................................... 43, 231 
Excess Swap Collateral......................... 38, 232 
Expense Required Amount ................... 34, 180 
Expenses ....................................................... 32 
Expenses Account ............................... 180, 232 
Extended Maturity Date ........................ 22, 232 
Extension Determination Date .............. 23, 232 
Extraordinary Resolution .................... 232, 271 
FATCA ......................................................... 94 
FFI ................................................................ 94 
FIEA ........................................................... 319 
Final Redemption Amount ........... 22, 194, 232 
Final Terms ........................................... 20, 220 
Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act .............................................................. 319

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
Financial Law ......................................... 1, 220 
Financial Services Act ................................ 321 
Fixed Coupon Amount ............................... 232 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond .......................... 232 
Fixed Rate Provisions ................................. 232 
Floating Rate .............................................. 250 
Floating Rate Convention ........................... 224 
Floating Rate Covered Bond ...................... 232 
Floating Rate Option .................................. 250 
Floating Rate Provisions ............................. 232 
Following Business Day Convention ......... 224 
Fondo Prima Casa ......................................... 81 
FRN Convention ......................................... 224 
FSMA ......................................................... 320 
Fund ................................................ 67, 79, 308 
GDPR ......................................................... 188 
General Criteria ............................................ 48 
General Criteria .......................................... 186 
Group ...................................................... 10, 60 
Guarantee Asset percentage........................ 178 
Guaranteed Amounts .......................... 194, 232 
Guarantor .......................................... 1, 10, 220 
Guarantor Calculation Agent ................ 14, 233 
Guarantor Default Notice ..................... 31, 233 
Guarantor Event of Default ........................ 265 
Guarantor Events of Default ................. 30, 233 
Guarantor Payment Date ...................... 34, 233 
Guarantor’s Rights ...................................... 197 
Guidelines ..................................................... 80 
Holder ......................................................... 271 
IASB ........................................................... 102 
IFRIC .......................................................... 102 
Initial Dealer ................................................. 11 
Initial Issue Date ......................................... 233 
Initial Receivables ........................ 26, 185, 233 
Initial Seller .......................................... 11, 233 
Initial Transfer Date ..................................... 40 
Initial Valuation Date ................................... 40 
Initial Valuation Date ................................. 233 
Insolvency Event .......................................... 29 
Insolvency Event ........................................ 246 
Instalment Covered Bond ........................... 233 
Insurance Policy ........................................... 74 
Integration ................................................... 213 
Integration Advance.............................. 52, 191 
Integration Assets ... 26, 49, 185, 186, 213, 233 
Integration Assets Limit ....................... 49, 186 
Integration Assignment ......................... 47, 185 
Intercreditor Agreement ...................... 196, 233 
Interest Amount .......................................... 233 
Interest Available Funds ....................... 36, 234 
Interest Basis ............................................... 235 
Interest Commencement Date ............... 17, 235 
Interest Coverage Test ........................ 171, 235 
Interest Determination Date ........................ 235 
Intermediary ................................................ 309 
Investment Agent .................................. 13, 235 
Investment Date .......................................... 183 
Investor Report ........................................... 197 
Investor’s Currency ...................................... 89 
Investor’s Report Date ................................ 199 
IRAP ........................................................... 308 
IRES............................................................ 308 
IRS ................................................................ 94 
ISDA ..................................................... 14, 208 
ISDA Definitions ........................................ 235 
ISDA Determination ................................... 235 
ISDA Rate ................................................... 250 
Issuance Advance ................................. 52, 191 
Issuance Assignment ............................ 47, 185 
Issue Date ............................................. 17, 235 
Issue Price ............................................. 17, 235 
Issuer ............................................................. 10 
Issuer ............................................................... 1 
Issuer ........................................................... 220 
Issuer Event of Default ....................... 235, 263

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
Issuer Events of Default ............................... 27 
Italian Account ........................................... 235 
Italian Account Bank ............................ 13, 235 
Italian Accounts .......................................... 235 
Italian Cash Reserve Account............. 180, 235 
Italian Collection Account .................. 180, 235 
Italian Commingling Account ............ 180, 235 
Italian Deed of Pledge ........................ 206, 236 
Italian Payments Account ................... 180, 236 
Italy ................................................................. 5 
Latest Valuation .......................................... 175 
Law 126 ........................................................ 81 
Law 130 ............................................ 1, 10, 220 
Law Decree 91 ............................................ 209 
Law Decree 93 .............................................. 81 
Law No. 342 ................................................. 76 
Liabilities .................................................... 271 
LIBOR ........................................................ 250 
Limits to the Assignment .............................. 47 
Liquidation Date ................................. 184, 236 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ................ 173 
Luxembourg Listing Agent .................. 15, 236 
Mandate Agreement ........................... 207, 236 
Mandatory Tests ................................. 171, 236 
Margin ........................................................ 236 
Master Transfer Agreement .................. 11, 188 
Master Transfer Agreement ........................ 236 
Master Transfer Agreements ................ 11, 188 
Master Transfer Agreements ...................... 236 
Maturity Date........................................ 21, 236 
Maximum Rate of Interest .......................... 236 
Maximum Redemption Amount ................. 236 
Meeting ............................................... 236, 271 
MEF Decree.............................. 1, 23, 209, 220 
Merged Companies ..................................... 108 
MiFID II ......................................................... 6 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ................. 7 
Minimum Rate of Interest .......................... 236 
Minimum Redemption Amount .................. 236 
Modified Business Day Convention ........... 224 
Modified Following Business Day 
Convention .................................................. 224 
Monte Titoli ............................................ 1, 236 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ..................... 271 
Monte Titoli Account Holders ................ 1, 236 
Monthly Calculation Date ........................... 236 
Moody’s ............................................ 1, 15, 237 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation ................ 176 
Moody’s Set-Off Exposure ......................... 176 
Mortgage Credit Directive ............................ 77 
Mortgage Legislative Decree ........................ 77 
Mortgage Loans ............................ 26, 185, 237 
Mortgage Pool Swap............................. 14, 237 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ...... 14, 237 
Negative Carry Factor......................... 175, 237 
Net Interest Collections from the 
Eligible Cover Pool..................................... 171 
Net Present Value of the Eligible 
Cover Pool .................................................. 171 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding 
Covered Bonds ........................................... 171 
No Adjustment ............................................ 225 
Nominal Value Test ............................ 171, 237 
Non Performing Loan ......................... 172, 237 
Notice to Pay ........................................ 28, 237 
NPLs ............................................................. 64 
NPV Test ............................................ 171, 237 
OBG Calculation Period ............................. 227 
OBG Regulations .................................... 1, 220 
offer of Covered Bonds to the public ......... 318 
Official Gazette ........................................... 237 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ......... 237 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) ........... 237 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) ............... 237 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ................ 237 
Order ................................................... 195, 237 
Ordinary Resolution.................................... 271

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders ................................................ 237 
Originator ..................................................... 74 
Outstanding Principal Balance ................... 237 
Parent Company ......................................... 105 
Participating FFI ........................................... 94 
Pass Through Series ............................. 22, 238 
Paying Agents ............................................. 238 
Payment Business Day ............................... 238 
Payments Report ......................................... 197 
Payments Report Date ........................ 199, 238 
Perpetual Case .............................................. 84 
Person ......................................................... 238 
Piano Famiglie .............................................. 80 
Place of Payment ........................................ 238 
Post- Breach of Amortisation Test 
Priority of Payments ..................................... 45 
Post-Acceleration Report ............................ 197 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments ............................. 46, 238 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments .......................................... 43, 239 
Potential Commingling Amount ................. 175 
Potential Set-off Amounts .......................... 176 
Preceding Business Day Convention .......... 224 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment ....................................... 34 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments ................................... 238 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments ............................. 36, 238 
Prepayment Penalty Agreement ................... 78 
Price Adjustment Advance ................... 52, 191 
PRIIPs Regulation .......................................... 6 
Primary Paying Agent .......................... 14, 239 
Principal Available Funds .................... 39, 239 
Principal Financial Centre .......................... 239 
Priorities of Payments ................................... 46 
Priority of Payments ................................... 240 
Privacy Law ................................................ 188 
Programme .............................................. 1, 220 
Programme Agreement ............... 205, 221, 318 
Programme Limit .................................. 16, 240 
Programme Resolution ....................... 240, 271 
Programme Termination Date .................... 187 
Prospectus Regulation ............................ 1, 296 
Proxy ........................................................... 271 
Public Securities ........................... 26, 185, 240 
Put Option ................................................... 240 
Put Option Notice ............................... 190, 240 
Put Option Receipt ...................................... 240 
PwC ............................................................ 102 
Quota Capital Account ....................... 180, 240 
Quotaholders ............................................... 161 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ................... 205, 240 
Rate of Interest ............................................ 240 
Rating Agency .......................... 1, 15, 240, 272 
Rating Event ......................................... 39, 246 
Real Estate Funds ....................................... 308 
Receivables ................................................. 240 
Redemption Amount ................................... 240 
Redemption/Payment Basis ........................ 240 
Reference Banks ......................................... 241 
Reference Price ........................................... 241 
Reference Rate ............................................ 241 
Register ....................................................... 272 
Registered CB Conditions ...................... 1, 306 
Registered CB Rules Agreement .......... 18, 306 
Registered Covered Bondholders ................. 19 
Registered Covered Bonds ............... 1, 15, 306 
Registered Paying Agent .............. 15, 241, 306 
Registered Paying Agent ............................ 272 
Registrar .................................. 15, 88, 241, 306 
Registrar ...................................................... 272 
Regular Date ............................................... 241 
Regular Period ............................................ 241 
Regulation No. 11971 ................................. 321 
Release ........................................................ 107

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
Relevant Clearing System .......................... 241 
Relevant Clearing Systems ............................. 1 
Relevant Date ............................................. 241 
Relevant Dealer .......................................... 318 
Relevant Dealer(s) ...................................... 241 
Relevant Dealers ......................................... 206 
Relevant Financial Centre .......................... 241 
Relevant Member State .............................. 318 
Relevant Screen Page ................................. 241 
Relevant Time ............................................ 242 
Relibi Law .................................................. 315 
Renegotiated Loan ...................................... 174 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders .................................. 15, 221, 242 
Required Redemption Amount ................... 242 
Required Redemption Amount ............. 43, 202 
Required Reserve Amount ................... 39, 242 
Reset Date ................................................... 250 
Resolutions ................................................. 272 
Responsible Persons ....................................... 3 
Restated Banking Directive ........................ 210 
Revolving Assignment ................................. 47 
RP ............................................................... 261 
Rules ........................................................... 270 
Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders ................................. 222 
Sale Date ............................................... 57, 242 
Sale Date After the Service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ........... 242 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date ....... 195, 242 
Scheduled Interest .............................. 195, 243 
Scheduled Payment Date .................... 195, 243 
Scheduled Principal ............................ 195, 243 
Screen Rate Determination ......................... 243 
Second Moody’s Rating Trigger ................ 176 
Secured Creditors ............................... 196, 243 
Securities Act.......................................... 5, 319 
Security ....................................................... 289 
Selected Assets ........................................... 244 
Selected Assets After the Service of a 
Breach of Amortisation Test Notice ........... 244 
Sellers ................................................... 11, 244 
Sellers’ Claims .............................................. 34 
Series ............................................ 16, 220, 244 
Series of Covered Bonds ............................ 244 
Series Reserved Matter ............................... 276 
Servicer ......................................... 12, 188, 244 
Servicer Report ........................................... 244 
Servicer Termination Event ........................ 189 
Servicing Agreement .......................... 188, 244 
Single Supervisory Mechanism .................... 66 
Specific Criteria ............................................ 48 
Specified Currency ............................... 16, 244 
Specified Denomination(s) ......................... 244 
Specified Office .......................................... 244 
Specified Period .......................................... 244 
SRM Regulation ........................................... 67 
SSM .............................................................. 66 
SSM Framework Regulation ........................ 67 
SSM Regulation ............................................ 66 
Stabilising Manager(s) .................................... 5 
Subordinated Loan ................................ 52, 191 
Subordinated Loan Agreement ................... 244 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ................... 52 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ................... 12 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ................. 192 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ................. 244 
Subordinated Loan Interest ......................... 191 
Subordinated Loan Provider ................. 11, 244 
Subscription Agreement ..................... 221, 318 
Subsequent Paying Agent ..................... 14, 244 
Subsequent Portfolio ............................. 46, 185 
Subsequent Portfolios ................................. 245 
Subsidiary ................................................... 245 
Substitutive Prepayment Penalty .................. 78 
sub-unit ............................................... 249, 251 
successor ..................................................... 273

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
Successor Servicer ................................ 12, 189 
Suspension Period .............................. 195, 264 
Swap Agreements ................................. 14, 245 
Swap Counterparties ............................. 14, 245 
Swap Counterparty ..................................... 245 
Swap Curve ................................................ 172 
Swap Rate ................................................... 272 
Swap Trigger ........................................ 38, 245 
T1 ................................................................ 211 
TARGET Settlement Day ........................... 245 
TARGET System ........................................ 245 
Test Performance Report .............. 56, 201, 245 
Tests .................................................... 173, 245 
Tranche ................................................. 16, 220 
Transaction Documents .............................. 245 
Transaction Party ................................ 272, 273 
Transfer Date .............................................. 176 
U.S. Dollar ...................................................... 5 
U.S.$ ............................................................... 5 
UK Sterling ..................................................... 5 
US-Italy IGA ................................................ 94 
Usury Law .................................................... 75 
Usury Law Decree ........................................ 75 
Usury Rates ................................................... 75 
Valuation Date ............................................ 185 
Valuation Date .............................................. 41 
Voter ........................................................... 272 
Voting Certificate ....................................... 272 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement .......... 245 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreements48, 190, 245 
White List ................................................... 309 
Written Resolution ...................................... 272 
y .................................................................. 261 
Yen.................................................................. 5 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond ....................... 246 
Zero Coupon Provisions ............................. 246

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER, INITIAL SELLER, PRIMARY PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
 
GUARANTOR 
Estense CPT Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ARRANGER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
INITIAL DEALER 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS, BACK-UP SERVICER FACILITATOR AND 
GUARANTOR CALCULATION AGENT 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ENGLISH ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGER 
Citibank, N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
ITALIAN ACCOUNT BANK AND SUBSEQUENT PAYING AGENT 
Citibank, N.A., Milan Branch 
Via dei Mercanti, 12 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque International à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d’Esch Office PLM – 101 F 
L-2953 Luxembourg

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer, Arranger and Initial Dealer 
As to Italian law and English law 
Dentons Europe Studio Legale Tributario 
Piazza degli Affari, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and Guarantor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy