--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
Base Prospectus dated 28 November 2024 
 
 
 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ESTENSE COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
The € 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been established by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER” or the “Issuer”) for the issuance of European covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite europee) (the “Covered Bonds”, which term includes, for the avoidance 
of doubt and as the context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed by Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Title I-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 130, as 
implemented and supplemented from time to time (“Law 130”), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for 
credit institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” 
relating to covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI 
Regulations” and, together with the Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR, jointly the “OBG Regulations”). The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding under the Programme will not at 
any time exceed € 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save 
for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf in accordance with Law 
130. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation EU 2017/1129, (as 
amended and superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF relates only to 
the Covered Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in 
the Covered Bonds. 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
listing on the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds (other than 
the Registered Covered Bonds) have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer named 
under the section “Subscription and Sale” below may agree to make an application to list a Tranche on any other stock exchange. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
The relevant Final Terms (as defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) in respect of the issue of any Series will specify whether or not such Series will be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions 
of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the 
event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends on 28 November 2025. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually 
or annually as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrear at a fixed or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest accruing 
and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are listed, to be 
delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in bearer form and dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be held in such form on behalf of their ultimate 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes 
any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression “Relevant Clearing Systems” means any of Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, with registered office at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. with registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Bruxelles as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”). Each Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the section “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below). The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with article 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation 
of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title is and will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds). 
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions of 
the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will specify the minimum denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. This Base Prospectus does 
not relate to the Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to either separate documentation or the documents described in this Base Prospectus after having 
made the necessary amendments. The approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover any Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved 
any information in relation to the Registered Covered Bond. 
Before the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase).  
Each Series is expected, upon the relevant issue, to be assigned a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be (“Moody’s” or the “Rating 
Agency”) which is established in the European Union and registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time (the “EU CRA Regulation””) as set out in 
the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation (for 
more information please visit the ESMA webpage https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). Where a Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily 
be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be treated as having been issued or endorsed (i) by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under EU CRA Regulation) or (ii) by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018, as amended (the “UK CRA Regulation” and, together with the EU 
CRA Regulation, the “CRA Regulations”) or (iii) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European Union but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulations, will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms or in the Registered CB Conditions (as applicable). The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s, which is established in the European Union 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation (for more information please visit the ESMA webpage https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation). In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated independently of 
any other. Please refer to the ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registeredand-certified-CRAs in order to consult the updated list of registered credit rating agencies. 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to either EURIBOR or such other benchmark as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, European 
Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”), as administrator of the EURIBOR, is authorised as benchmark administrator and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds, see the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which 
this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors. If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, 
“EUWA”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of EUWA, (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bond is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses 
and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge 
of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import 
of such information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and any other 
information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the “Responsible 
Persons”), accepts responsibility for the information contained in those sections. To the best of the knowledge of 
the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information and data in relation 
to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no 
omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to article 154-bis, 
paragraph 2 of the Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, declares 
in accordance with art. 154-bis, paragraph 2 of the Financial Law, that the accounting data contained in this Base 
Prospectus corresponds to the underlying documents, accounting books and the other accounting entries of the 
Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto along with all 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, 
below) and, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed 
“Documents incorporated by reference”, below), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus (and, 
therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the persons named 
in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of the 
Principal Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the section headed 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the specific section of this 
Base Prospectus in which they are used. For ease of reference, the section headed “Glossary” below indicates 
the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term is defined. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation with the Programme or any 
other information supplied by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or 
made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, the Seller, 
the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any party to 
the Transaction Documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and the Guarantor is 
correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in the financial position 
of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of publication and it and any supplement hereto, as 
well as any Final Terms filed within such 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. The 
offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information contained 
in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there has been no 
adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereof, any document incorporated by reference or 
any Final Terms and, accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the 
information contained in any of such documents. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer has undertaken, nor is 
responsible for, any assessment of the Framework Agreement or the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets 
and Eligible Sustainable Assets, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and 
Eligible Sustainable Assets meet the criteria set out in the relevant Principles or the monitoring of the use of 
proceeds. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has independently verified 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the 
information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended 
to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds 
should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its purchase of 
Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger 
or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any 
investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or 
the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from industry 
reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is hereby confirmed 
that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such information has been 
accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Responsible Persons are aware and are able to ascertain from 
information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the information reproduced 
inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the reports 
of the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor who have audited the consolidated financial statements of the BPER 
Group and each of the financial statements of the Issuer and the Guarantor for the financial year ended on 31 
December 2023 and 31 December 2022.  
For further information please see, respectively, the section headed “Auditors” in the “General Information” of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms and 
the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into 
whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, including the 
Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in the United Kingdom and in Japan. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section 
headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes 
an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation 
of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which 
such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or 
otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of such 
Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to restrict the 
resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in connection 
therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other transfer restrictions 
in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced at 
the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$ ” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the United States 
of America; references to “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland; references to “Yen” are to the currency of 
Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references to “Italy” are to 
the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations 
of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law.  
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be responsible 
to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger or for providing 
advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as 
the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of 
any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after 
the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if 
begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of 
the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on 
behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European Union which is certified under the EU

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (1) the Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) the Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of the Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Each potential investor in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered Bonds, 
the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will have on 
its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant Covered 
Bonds, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency for 
principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to reduce 
risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to investors’ overall portfolios. A 
potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments unless it has the 
expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. The investment activities of certain investors are 
subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal 
investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (c) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme pursuant to Article 25.1(b) of Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety 
by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Tranche, the 
applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this 
section, references to a numbered Condition are to the corresponding numbered Condition in the section headed 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
1 
Parties 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa), a bank incorporated as a joint-
stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the Republic 
of Italy, registered with the Companies’ Register of Modena under 
number 01153230360, fiscal code 01153230360, adhering to 
“Gruppo IVA BPER Banca” – VAT number 03830780361, 
registered with the register of banks (albo delle banche) held by 
the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 13 of Italian legislative decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time to time (the 
“Banking Act”) under number 4932, parent company of the 
“Gruppo Bancario BPER Banca S.p.A.” registered with the 
register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 64 of the Banking Act under number 5387.6 (the “BPER 
Banking Group” or the “BPER Group” or the “Group”), 
having its registered office at Via San Carlo, 8/20, 41121 Modena, 
Italy (the “Issuer” or “BPER”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see the section 
headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Guarantor 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy as a 
limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitatà) 
pursuant to Law 130, whose registered office is in Via Vittorio 
Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, fiscal code 
04362620264, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA BPER Banca” - VAT 
number 03830780361, enrolled with the Companies Register of 
Treviso-Belluno, under number 04362620264, belonging to the 
BPER Banking Group and directed and co-ordinated (soggetta 
all’attività di direzione e coordinamento) by BPER (the 
“Guarantor”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see the section 
headed “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V., a company incorporated under the laws of 
the Netherlands, acting through its office at Claude Debussylaan 
94, Amsterdam 1082 MD, The Netherlands (“NatWest Markets” 
or the “Arranger”). 
Dealer 
NatWest Markets and any other dealer appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Initial Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (in such capacity, the “Initial Seller” and, together 
with the Additional Sellers (as defined below), the “Sellers”). For

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
a more detailed description of the Initial Seller, see the section 
headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”, below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Receivables (as defined 
below) and/or Integration Assets (as defined below) and/or Liquid 
Assets (as defined below) to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction 
of certain conditions, and which, for such purpose, shall, inter 
alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (each an “Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement, the “Master Transfer Agreements” and any 
one of them a “Master Transfer Agreement”); and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, respectively. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider (in such capacity, the 
“Subordinated Loan Provider”) pursuant to the terms of the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).  
Any Additional Seller that will sell further Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the 
Guarantor will be required to enter into a subordinated loan 
agreement with the Guarantor providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together with 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated 
Loan Agreements”). 
Servicer 
BPER will act as servicer (the “Servicer”) in the context of the 
Programme and will be responsible for the management and the 
collection of the Receivables (as defined below) and/or the Public 
Entity Securities (as defined below) and/or Liquid Assets 
respectively sold from time to time to the Guarantor, pursuant to 
the terms of the Servicing Agreement. 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, is entitled to delegate to the 
relevant Additional Seller the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities in respect of those Receivables 
and/or Public Entity Securities and/or Liquid Assets sold by such 
relevant Additional Seller. 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, will remain directly responsible 
for the performance of all duties and obligations delegated to any 
relevant Additional Seller and will be liable for their respective 
conduct. For a more detailed description of the Servicer, see the 
section headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” 
below.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the “Successor Servicer”) which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing entity 
thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer Termination Event 
(as defined below) (for a more detailed description, see the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Servicing 
Agreement” below). 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter "BANCA 
FININT S.P.A.", a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as a 
“società per azioni”, with a sole shareholder, having its registered 
office in Via V. Alfieri,1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share 
capital of Euro 91,743,007.00 fully paid up, tax code and 
enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-Belluno number 
04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA FININT S.P.A.” - VAT 
number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the Banks 
under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and in the Register of the Banking groups as Parent 
Company of the Banca Finanziaria Internazionale Banking 
Group, member of the “Fondo Interbancario di Tutela dei 
Depositi” and of the “Fondo Nazionale di Garanzia” (“Banca 
Finint”), will act as corporate servicer under the Corporate 
Services Agreement (the “Corporate Servicer”).  
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors has 
been appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted 
by the Issuer, and which will act as an independent monitor 
pursuant to an Asset Monitor Agreement in order to perform tests 
and procedures, including those in accordance with the applicable 
legal 
regulations. 
The 
current 
Asset 
Monitor 
is 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company incorporated in Italy 
as a joint stock company (società per azioni) whose registered 
office is in Milan registered with the companies’ register of Milan 
under number 12979880155 and enrolled under number 119644 
with the register of statutory auditors (Registro dei Revisori 
Legali) maintained by the Minister of Economy and Finance, 
having its registered office at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, 
Italy (the “Asset Monitor”). 
Italian Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of France, 
licensed to conduct banking operations, having its registered 
office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, registered 
with the Chamber of Commerce of Paris under number 
662042449, with a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
2,261,621,342, operating for the purposes hereof through the 
Securities Services Business Line of its Italian branch, whose 
offices are located in Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3, 20124 Milan, Italy, 
enrolled in the register of the banks held by the Bank of Italy 
under no. 5482, fiscal code and VAT number 04449690157, REA 
no. 731270 (“BNP Paribas, Italian Branch”) will act as Italian 
account bank pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (the “Italian Account Bank”), for the purpose of 
maintaining and operating the Italian Accounts for so long as it 
qualifies as an Eligible Institution.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
Cash Manager 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as cash manager under the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement for the purpose of 
performing certain calculation and payment services on behalf of 
the Guarantor and maintaining and operating – upon direction of 
the Investment Agent – the Investment Account and the Securities 
Account subject to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the “Cash Manager”). 
English Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, London branch, a company incorporated under the 
laws of France, licensed to conduct banking operations, having its 
registered office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, 
registered with the Chamber of Commerce of Paris under number 
662042449, with a fully paid-up share capital of Euro 
2,261,621,342, operating for the purposes hereof through its 
London branch, whose offices are located at 10 Harewood Avenue 
Moorgate, London, will act as English account bank pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “English 
Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and operating 
the Payments Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral 
Account(s), for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible Institution. 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as Investment Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Investment Agent”) 
for the purpose of investing the amounts from time to time 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account. 
 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution organised 
under the laws of any state which is a member of the European 
Union or of the United States of America (a) whose short-term 
bank deposits are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s and whose long-
term bank deposits are rated at least “A2” by Moody’s or (b) 
whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party are guaranteed in compliance with the Moody’s criteria 
by a depository institution organised under the laws of any state 
which is a member of the European Union or of the United States 
of America, whose short-term bank deposits are rated at least P-1 
by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at least 
“A2” by Moody’s. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER will 
act as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”). The 
Calculation Agent will perform certain calculations and conduct 
certain tests pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, Banca 
Finint will act as Guarantor calculation agent (the “Guarantor 
Calculation Agent”). The Guarantor Calculation Agent will 
perform certain calculations and reporting services in relation to 
the Cover Pool. 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap counterparty 
(each a “Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty”) to the Guarantor 
under any swap agreements executed with the Guarantor in order 
to hedge basis and interest rate risk on the Cover Pool or a portion 
thereof (each, a “Mortgage Pool Swap”).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as covered bond swap 
counterparty (each, a “Covered Bond Swap Counterparty”) to 
the Guarantor under any covered bond swap agreements executed 
with the Guarantor in order to hedge certain interest rate, basis 
risk, and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts 
received by the Guarantor under the Mortgage Pool Swap and 
amounts to be paid in respect of the Covered Bonds by the 
Guarantor (each, a “Covered Bond Swap”). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered Bond 
Swap Counterparty (the “Swap Counterparties”).  
Swap Agreements 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap (the 
“Swap Agreements”), which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) 
each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively, is or will be 
documented in accordance with the documentation published by 
the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. 
(“ISDA”) and will be subject to: 
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto 
or the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule 
thereto (each an “ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(b) the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer English 
Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); and 
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s). 
Principal Paying Agent 
BPER will act as principal paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and 
the Final Terms of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (the 
“Principal Paying Agent”). 
Italian Paying Agent 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as Italian paying agent under 
the Programme pursuant to the provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Italian Paying 
Agent”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, whose registered office is at 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, will 
act as Luxembourg listing agent under the Programme (the 
“Luxembourg Listing Agent”).  
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group 
providing client services with a worldwide network covering 
different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes 
to other BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst 
keeping 
ultimate 
accountability 
and 
responsibility 
in 
Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP 
Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be provided upon request. 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
registrar (the “Registrar”) in respect of the German law governed 
covered 
bonds 
in 
registered 
form 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) issued

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the 
Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, if any (the “Registered Paying Agent”).  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as representative of the holders of the 
covered bonds pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”). 
Ownership or control relationships 
between the principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this section, other than the relationship 
existing between the Issuer (also as Initial Seller and Servicer), 
the Additional Seller(s) (if any) and the Guarantor, all of which 
belong to the BPER Banking Group. The entities belonging to the 
BPER Banking Group are subject to the direction and co-
ordination (direzione e coordinamento) of the Issuer. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be, 
(“Moody’s”), or its successors, to the extent that at the relevant 
time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered 
Bonds (the “Rating Agency”). 
2 
The Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite Europee) will be 
issued by the Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Size 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds 
(Obbligazioni 
Bancarie 
Garantite 
Europee) 
denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro 
at the date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and 
the Euro exchange rate used shall be included in the Final 
Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds 
outstanding at any one time (the “Programme Limit”). The 
Programme Limit may be increased in accordance with the 
terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions. 
Methods of issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of 
such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will be identical in all 
respects, 
but 
having 
different 
issue 
dates, 
interest 
commencement dates and issue prices. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds may be issued only in Series 
consisting of a single Tranche.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to 
certain conditions (see the paragraph headed “Conditions 
precedent to the issuance of a new Tranche of Covered Bonds” 
below). 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, France, Germany, the Republic of 
Italy, in the United Kingdom and in Japan. For a description of 
certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and 
on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed 
“Subscription and Sale” below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
(each a “Specified Currency”), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the minimum 
denomination requirements specified below, the Covered 
Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in 
such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or 
regulatory or central bank requirements (see Condition 2 
(Form, Denomination and Title)). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 and integral 
multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or, if the Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
denomination as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Tranche may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, the “Issue 
Price” for such Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, the Programme Agreement (in each 
case, the “Issue Date” in relation to such Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, subject in each case, to the extent provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the 
Conditions) (each such date, a “CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date) (each a “CB Interest Period”). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms (each an “Interest Commencement 
Date”). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in 
registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Tranche will be 
deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date in 
accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of the Financial 
Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and 
Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to such 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of the 
Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of 
Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the 
form of Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with a 
minimum denomination indicated in the applicable Registered 
CB Conditions attached thereto, together with the execution of 
the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation 
agreement (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) in 
relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB 
Conditions attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references 
in the Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, 
stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement 
relating thereto or any other document expressed to govern such 
Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be 
construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement and Registered CB Rules 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include 
reference to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered 
Bond (the “Registered Covered Bondholders”) as the context 
may require. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to Covered 
Bonds shall include reference to the Registered Covered Bonds. 
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed “Key features of Registered Covered Bonds 
Namensschuld verschreibungen” below. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 
depending on the interest basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds scheduled 
to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and Instalment 
Covered Bonds, depending on the redemption/payment basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall 
comprise Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only as 
may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be payable in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided 
for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds); or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s),  
in each case, as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds and as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided 
for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Under Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, no interest will be payable. Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are 
scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof 
and without any provision for scheduled redemption other than 
on the Maturity Date. 
 
Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are scheduled to 
be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof and without 
any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the 
Maturity Date and in relation to which an Extended Maturity 
Date shall apply. 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer will 
pay, on each CB Payment Date, a portion of principal until 
maturity, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance 
with the generally applicable terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, other than the Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Conditions”), prior to the issue of each Tranche detailing 
certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, completes the Conditions and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, 
the “Final Terms”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche are the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Registered Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
particular Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest 
will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the 
Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other 
basis and at such rate as may be so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of Covered Bonds that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered 
Bonds will state whether such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Except as provided above, Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons 
(as set out in the paragraph headed “Tax gross-up and 
redemption for taxation reasons” below).  
Tax Gross-up and redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted in accordance with the provision 
of Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). In such 
circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in 
part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 7(c) (Redemption 
for tax reasons). 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as 
defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series (the “Maturity Date”) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
Issuer or the currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously 
redeemed as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed 
at their Outstanding Principal Balance on the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts (as 
defined below) equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) of the applicable Tranche of Covered Bonds on 
their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms for the period set out therein (the 
“Extended Maturity Date”). Such deferral will automatically 
occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if: 
 
(a) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
 
(b) the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments (as defined below)) to pay in full any amount 
representing the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in 
respect of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) on the Extension Determination Date (as 
defined below). 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Guarantor has 
sufficient Available Funds to pay in part on the relevant 
Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make 
on the relevant Maturity Date and on each CB Payment Date 
thereafter according to the relevant Final Terms partial payment 
of the relevant Final Redemption Amount, in accordance with 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, without 
any preference among the Covered Bonds outstanding, except 
in respect of maturities of each Tranche. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended 
as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon 
termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered 
Bonds in respect of which an extension of maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for 
payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven 
Business Days after the expiry of the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities 
of each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the 
same maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from time 
to time outstanding. 
Negative pledge 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross-default 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including, without limitation, in 
relation to other debt securities of the Issuer) nor an 
acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an 
Issuer Event of Default. 
Recourse 
In accordance with Law 130 and with the terms and conditions 
of the relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below), the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) 
will benefit from full recourse on the Issuer and limited 
recourse on the Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. For a 
more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
Structure”, below. 
Provisions of Transaction Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each 
Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each 
of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was 
a signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the issuance 
of a new Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any 
date and without the consent of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors of the 
Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further Tranches of Covered 
Bonds, subject to certain conditions precedent set out in the 
Programme Agreement, including, inter alia: 
 
(a) satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount both before and 
immediately after such further issue of Covered Bonds; 
and 
 
(b) no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred, 
 
(collectively, together with the other conditions set out in the 
Programme Agreement, the “Conditions to the Issue”).

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the 
assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) (see also 
the paragraph headed “Status of the Covered Bonds”, above). 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation. Application has been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds to be issued under the 
Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be 
admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms and references 
to listing shall be construed accordingly. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the 
Tranche. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
and the related Transaction Documents will be governed by 
Italian law except for the Swap Agreements, certain provisions 
of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, which will be 
governed by English law. 
The 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany save that, in any case, certain provisions 
(including those relating to status, limited recourse of the 
Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer 
and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by Moody’s as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds will be treated 
as having been issued or endorsed (i) by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered or certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (ii) by a credit rating agency

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered or 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation or (iii) issued by a 
credit rating agency which is not established in the European 
Union but which is certified under the CRA Regulations, will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms.  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
European Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the European Union which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is 
obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-a 
gencies/cra-authorisation . The Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) is obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit 
rating agencies registered and certified in accordance with the 
UK CRA Regulation, which may be found on the following 
page: 
at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras. 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the Rating 
Agency at any time. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
3 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the Available 
Funds. 
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool will consist of:  
(A) monetary receivables arising from Italian residential 
mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) of

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior to the 
Implementation Date (as defined below) or, with respect to 
loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out 
in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d), of the CRR and article 
7-novies of Law 130 (the “Mortgage Loans” and, together 
with the monetary receivables arising under the Mortgage 
Loans, the “Receivables”);  
(B) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), 
of the CRR which meet the requirements set forth under 
article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies 
of Law 130 and the Public Entity Securities (as defined 
below) or other exposures mentioned in article 129, 
paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that 
the abovementioned assets are qualified as eligible assets 
pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of 
the CRR ( the “Integration Assets”); and  
(C) the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, 
letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, provided that such assets 
meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under 
article 129 of the CRR and Law 130 (the “Liquid Assets”). 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay the 
Guaranteed Amounts (as defined below) in respect of the 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
(as defined herein). 
 
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a consequence 
of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect of 
the Guaranteed Amounts are subject to the conditions that an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to Pay has 
been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The obligations 
of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all Guaranteed 
Amounts once an Acceleration Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma) and 
certain provisions of the Italian civil code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in Law 
130, shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of the 
Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor, with 
limited recourse to the Available Funds, irrespective of any 
invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
For a detailed description, see the section headed “Description 
of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond Guarantee” 
below.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
4 
Issuer Events of Default, Guarantor Events of Default and Priorities of Payments 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
“Issuer Events of Default”: 
 
(a) failure by the Issuer for a period of seven days or more to 
pay any principal or redemption amount, or for a period 
of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series when due; or 
 
(b) breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) and such 
failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) if, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice (as 
defined below), the Tests are not cured by the immediately 
following 
Monthly 
Calculation 
Date 
unless 
an 
Extraordinary Resolution resolves otherwise; or 
 
(d) if the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined below) in respect of 
any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is not satisfied 
on any Pre-Maturity Test Date (as defined below) falling 
during the 12-month period prior to the Maturity Date of 
that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, and such 
breach has not been cured in accordance with the 
Conditions on or before the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days 
from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Test and (ii) the Maturity Date of that 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bond, unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
resolves otherwise; or 
 
(e) an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and “misure 
di intervento precoce”); or 
 
(f) 
an Article 74 Event. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice (the “Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and Guarantor 
declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary). 
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the 
Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves 
against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in 
accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of 
Law 130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the 
Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and (C) in case of the 
Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (f) above 
(I) the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be 
responsible for the payments of the amounts due and 
payable under the Covered Bonds during the suspension 
period and (II) upon the end of the suspension period the 
Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
 
(ii) the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee (see the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction - Covered 
Bond Guarantee” below); 
 
(iii) the Mandatory Tests (as defined below) and the 
verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (as 
defined below) shall continue to be applied and the 
Amortisation Test (as defined below) and the Minimum 
OC Requirement (as defined below) shall be also applied; 
 
(iv) the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect 
timely due payments under the Covered Bonds), direct the 
Servicer to sell the Receivables, the Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(v) no further Covered Bonds may be issued, 
 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in 
items from (i) to (v) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect.  
 
“Calculation Date” means the 13th day of January, April, July 
and October or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate 
following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on 13 
April 2012. 
 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of: 
(a) the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa as defined in the Banking Act; 
 
(b) any bank, company or corporation other than the Issuer, 
that:

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
(i) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes 
subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, 
insolvency, 
insolvency-like 
proceedings, composition with creditors, insolvent 
reorganization, 
turnaround/insolvency 
tools 
(strumenti 
di 
regolazione 
della 
crisi 
e 
dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure 
(among which, without limitation, liquidazione 
giudiziale, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, 
piani di risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione 
del debito, piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad 
omologazione, composizione negoziata della crisi, 
concordato semplificato and (other than in respect 
of the Issuer) amministrazione straordinaria, each 
such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it 
by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including 
the 
seeking 
of 
liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, dissolution and administration) or 
similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial 
part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a distraint 
(pignoramento) or any procedure having a similar 
effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any 
portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for 
the purposes of further programme of issuance of 
Covered Bonds), unless, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who 
may rely on the advice of legal advisers selected by 
it), such proceedings are being disputed in good 
faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under (a) above is made in respect of 
or by such bank, company or corporation or such 
proceedings are otherwise initiated against such 
bank, company or corporation and, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(who may rely on the advice of legal advisers 
selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith 
with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(iii) such bank, company or corporation takes any action 
for a re-adjustment of deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit 
of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, 
the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or 
is granted by a competent court a moratorium in 
respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee 
of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments; or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed 
for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any 
form of such bank, company or corporation or any 
of the events under Article 2484 of the Italian civil 
code occurs with respect to such bank, company or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up 
or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant 
to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the 
terms of which have been previously approved in 
writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); or 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the following events shall constitute 
“Guarantor Events of Default”: 
 
(a) default by the Guarantor for a period of seven days or 
more to pay any principal or redemption amount, or for a 
period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest 
on the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
 
(b) breach of the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; 
or 
 
(c) breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under 
the provisions of any Transaction Documents to which the 
Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) 
and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default 
is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying 
that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(d) an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if 
so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice on the Guarantor (the “Acceleration Notice”) declaring 
that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
 
Upon the service of the Acceleration Notice, all outstanding 
Covered Bonds of each Series will become immediately due 
and payable by the Guarantor at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any accrued interest, and they will rank 
pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross-acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate at the same time 
against the Guarantor.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority 
set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any and all taxes due and 
payable by the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account are 
insufficient to pay such amounts) and to credit the 
amounts necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up 
to the Expense Required Amount; 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Guarantor’s documented 
fees, costs and expenses, in order to preserve its corporate 
existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply 
with applicable legislation (the “Expenses”), to the extent 
that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account are insufficient to pay such Expenses; 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
(including fees, costs and expenses) to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the English Account Bank, 
the Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Investment Agent and the Servicer; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any amount due 
and payable to the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties 
other than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap to the extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Mortgage 
Pool Swap; 
 
(v) fifth, pari passu and pro rata: 
 
1. 
to pay, pari passu and pro rata, (i) any amount due 
and 
payable 
to 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties on such Guarantor Payment Date, in 
respect of the Covered Bond Swaps which are not 
currency swaps and (ii) any amount representing

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
interest due and payable to the Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties on such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency 
swaps (other than any termination payment due to 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but 
including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in relation to the 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, 
which is not a currency swap, to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction 
with the Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is not a currency swap); 
 
2. 
to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required 
to ensure that the Reserve Account is funded up to 
the Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
 
(vi) sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount necessary to 
cover the amounts already paid under item (i) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments on 
any preceding Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid 
under this item; 
 
(vii) seventh, to pay, pro rata and pari passu in accordance with 
the respective amounts thereof, any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iv) and (v)(1) above; 
 
(viii) eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination 
Event, to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to 
the Payments Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event is either remedied or waived by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or a replacement servicer is 
appointed; 
 
(ix) ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, 
according to the respective amounts thereof, of (i) all 
amounts due and payable to the relevant Seller in respect 
of Seller’s Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; 
 
(x) tenth, to pay any interest due and payable to the Seller(s) 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Agreement(s), provided that the Tests and the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount are satisfied on the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; and 
 
(xi) eleventh, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit of 
the Payments Account, provided that, upon redemption in 
full of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid to the Subordinated Loan 
Provider(s) as interest not yet paid under item (x) above, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment”).  
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) 
to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments and (b) the fees due and payable to the 
Servicer on the next following Guarantor Payment Date shall 
be equal to the amount specified in the last available Payments 
Report. Any amount that will not be used and applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on each 
Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the 
Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds 
and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date.  
 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice, the 22nd day of January, April, July and 
October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following 
Business Day or (b) following the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the day falling 10 Business Days after the 
Accumulation Date. 
“Accumulation Date” means, following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the earlier of (i) each date on which the 
amount of the moneys at any time available to the Guarantor or 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for the 
payments to be made in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments shall be equal at least to 
2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
all Series of Covered Bonds, (ii) each day falling 10 Business 
Days before the day that, but for the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, would have been a Guarantor Payment Date and (iii) 
each Business Day designated as such by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders.  
 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
 
“Sellers’ Claims” means, collectively, the monetary claims that 
each relevant Seller may have from time to time against the 
Guarantor under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement (other

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
than in respect of the purchase price of the relevant Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets) and the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority 
set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) 
to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments, to the extent that the Interest Available 
Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment Date, 
to make such payments in full; 
 
(ii) second, to pay the purchase price of Subsequent 
Receivables, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than those funded through the proceeds of the 
Subordinated Loan(s)) in the context of a Revolving 
Assignment (as defined below) or an Integration 
Assignment (as defined below) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Master Transfer Agreements, as the case 
may be); 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
 
1. 
pari passu and pro rata, any amount representing 
principal due and payable to the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties in respect of Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps (if any) in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, to the extent 
of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction 
with the Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap); and 
 
2. 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due and payable 
under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) in 
accordance with the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, provided that in any case the Asset 
Coverage 
Test, 
the 
Mandatory 
Tests, 
the 
Amortisation Test and the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount are still satisfied after such payment;

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with 
the respective amounts thereof any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
under the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swaps 
which are currency swaps following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger other than the payments referred to under 
items (iii)(1) above; and 
 
(v) fifth, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit of the 
Payments Account, provided that, upon reimbursement of 
all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, any remaining 
amounts shall be paid pari passu to the Subordinated Loan 
Provider(s) as amounts due under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) and not yet paid under item (iii)(2) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that 
such amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) 
to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments and (b) the fees due and payable to the 
Servicer on the next following Guarantor Payment Date shall 
be equal to the amount specified in the last available Payments 
Report. In such circumstances no payments or provisions will 
be made under the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments on 
each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the 
Payments Account and shall be considered as Available Funds 
and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date.  
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available 
Funds” shall include:

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
(A) any interest component (other than any amounts necessary 
to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) collected by 
the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets and/or the Liquid Assets and credited into the 
Collection Account or Payments Account, as the case may 
be, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date together with any amount 
retained in the Payments Account from the Interest 
Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date (if any); 
 
(B) without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the 
interest components invested in Eligible Investments (if 
any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
 
(C) all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the Collection 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or 
expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and on the 
Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(E) all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(F) any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool Swaps; 
 
(G) any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps; 
 
(H) any premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement 
swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered 
Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon termination of the 
relevant Swap Agreement; 
 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account 
in excess of the Required Reserve Amount; prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account (but 
excluding item (B)(b) of the definition of Required 
Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date), in each case at the end of the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account; and on the Guarantor Payment Date on 
which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
issued under the Programme, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account; 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account; and 
 
(K) any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, 
 
but excluding: (i) any amount representing principal received 
in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the 
net amounts which would have been due and payable by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) 
the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement). 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral 
posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a 
“Collateral Account”) and (ii) following the date on which the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Account in an 
amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value 
of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) 
provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to 
transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support 
annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of 
the termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise 
been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the 
Guarantor had the collateral not been provided under the credit 
support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage 
Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under 
the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination 
of any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to 
either: 
(a)(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to take such action as is 
required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such 
Rating Event; or 
(b) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an Issuer 
Event of Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
A “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap 
Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated 
at least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(A) if the Issuer’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “P-1” by 
Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
 
(B) an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation 
Date which will be equal to the aggregate amount of:  
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of 
items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments;  
 
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that 
would be payable by the Guarantor on each 
relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately 
following three months or, if no Covered Bond 
Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered 
into with BPER in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, the interest amount due under that Series of 
Covered Bonds in the immediately following three 
months; and 
 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Principal Available 
Funds” shall include, without duplication: 
 
(a) all principal amounts (other than any amounts necessary 
to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) collected by 
the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets and/or the Liquid Assets and credited to the 
Collection Account or the Payments Account, as the case 
may be, during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any 
amount retained in the Payments Account from the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any); 
 
(b) all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by 
the Servicer and credited to the Collection Account during 
the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; 
 
(c) all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the 
Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(d) without duplication with any other items of this definition, 
an amount equal to the principal amounts invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) following liquidation thereof 
on the Liquidation Date  immediately preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(e) all amounts representing principal received in respect of 
such Guarantor Payment Date under any Covered Bond 
Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
 
(f) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity 
Account at the end of the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(g) any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
 
(h) any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period;  
 
(i) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
 
(j) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts standing 
to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the 
relevant Calculation Date, 
 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of 
any termination payment and, until a replacement swap 
counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which 
would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is 
a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if 
any); and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect 
of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, each period commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and 
October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
March, June, September and December, and, in the case of the 
first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) the 
Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) 31 March 
2012, and (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
each period commencing on (but excluding) the last day of the 
preceding Collection Period and ending on (and including) the 
immediately following Accumulation Date. 
 
“Initial Transfer Date” means 2 November 2011. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 September 2011. 
“Valuation Date” means (i) in respect of the Initial 
Receivables, the Initial Valuation Date and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such 
in the relevant offer for the purchase of Subsequent 
Receivables. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor will use the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
payments or provisions in the order of priority set out below (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes, in 
order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in 
good standing and to comply with applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
English Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, 
the 
Calculation Agent, 
the 
Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), 
the Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(iii) third, pro rata and pari passu to (a) pay, pro rata and pari 
passu, any amount due and payable to the Swap 
Counterparties in respect of the Swap Agreements which 
are not currency swaps (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, 
in any event, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is not a currency swap, and/or Mortgage 
Pool Swap to the extent of any premium received (net of 
any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Covered

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
Bond Swap, which is not a currency swap, and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap); (b) pay, pro rata and pari passu, 
interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of each Series of Covered Bonds; and (c) credit to the 
Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the 
Reserve Account is funded up to an amount equal to item 
(B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve Amount; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) pro rata and 
pari passu any amount due and payable, or to become due 
and payable, to the Swap Counterparties in respect of the 
Swap Agreements which are currency swaps (if any) 
(other than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement 
swap counterparty in consideration for entering into a 
swap transaction with the Issuer on the same terms as the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap); 
and (b) pro rata and pari passu principal due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(v) fifth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) with 
an amount equal to the difference between (i) the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of 
the amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account and the nominal value of Liquid Assets which 
have not matured on or prior to such Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
 
(vi) sixth, after each Series of Covered Bonds has been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (up to the Required Redemption Amount in 
respect of each outstanding Series of Covered Bonds), to 
pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties under the 
terms of the relevant Swap Agreements following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the payments 
referred to under items (iii)(a) and (iv)(a) above;  
 
(vii) seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid 
or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount 
has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding 
Tranche of Covered Bonds), in or towards satisfaction, 
pro rata and pari passu, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, of (i) all amounts due and payable to the 
relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ Claims (if any) under

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and 
the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and (ii) 
all amounts due and payable to the Servicer under clause 
10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(viii) eighth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided 
for (such that the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Tranche of 
Covered Bonds), any remaining moneys will be applied in 
and towards repayment in full pari passu amongst the 
relevant Seller(s), in accordance with the distribution 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s), of the 
amounts outstanding under the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) and/or the Master Transfer Agreements, 
and/or other Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”). 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated as the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Available Funds” shall 
include (i) the Interest Available Funds, (ii) the Principal 
Available Funds and (iii) the amounts received by the 
Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, 
of Law 130 (the “Excess Proceeds”). 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used to 
make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes; 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the English 
Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Investment 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Registered Paying

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager 
(if any); 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) pro rata and pari 
passu, any amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties in relation to the termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swaps to the extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap); and (b) pro rata 
and pari passu, interest and principal due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under item (iii) above;  
 
(v) fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ Claims 
(if any) under the terms of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement and the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and payable to the 
Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant Seller(s), 
any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts 
outstanding under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) in accordance with the distribution 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or 
other Transaction Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments” and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment and the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, are collectively referred to as the 
“Priorities of Payments”). 
5 
Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool 
Transfer of the Cover Pool 
The Initial Seller and the Guarantor have entered into a master 
transfer agreement pursuant to which the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the “Initial 
Receivables”) and (b) may assign and transfer further 
monetary receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the 
“Subsequent Receivables”) and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor 
from time to time (the “BPER Master Transfer Agreement”), 
in the cases and subject to the limits on the transfer of 
Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets, referred to below. 
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables, 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to: 
 
(i) 
collateralise the issue of further Tranches of Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer (the “Issuance Assignment”); 
 
(ii) invest (in whole or in part) principal amounts collected 
by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and/or the 
Principal Available Funds deriving from Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets provided that no Issuer Event 
of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred 
and is continuing (the “Revolving Assignment”); or 
 
(iii) ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount and the Exposure Limit in accordance 
with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement (the 
“Integration Assignment”). 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and subject 
to the conditions provided therein, the Initial Seller shall also 
be allowed to repurchase Initial Receivables and Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
which have been assigned by it to the Guarantor. 
 
The Initial Receivables, the Subsequent Receivables, the 
Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets will be assigned and 
transferred to the Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) in 
accordance with Law 130 and subject to the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
 
Pursuant to each Additional Master Transfer Agreement, any 
bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), may accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor, subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions. Any Additional Seller so 
acceding to the Programme shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor an Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Representations and warranties of the 
Sellers 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the Initial Seller on the Initial

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
Transfer Date, as subsequently amended (the “BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), the Initial Seller has 
made certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and the Receivables transferred and to be transferred, 
respectively, by it including, inter alia: 
 
(a) its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(b) the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of 
the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(c) the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any lien 
attaching the Receivables, and, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, the 
full, unconditional, legal title of the Initial Seller to the 
Receivables assigned by it; and 
 
(d) the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, against 
the relevant Debtors of the obligations from which the 
Receivables arises. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
“Debtor” means any person, entity or subject, also different 
from the Borrower, who is liable for the payment of amounts 
due, as principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable, 
Integration Assets or Liquid Assets. 
“Borrowers” means, collectively, the borrowers under the 
Mortgage Loans and “Borrower” means any one of them. 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor will be, inter alia, required 
to enter into with the Guarantor a warranty and indemnity 
agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the 
same terms and conditions of the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an “Additional 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” and, together with the 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreements”). 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the 
general criteria set out in the section headed “Description of 
the Cover Pool – Credit and Collection policies - The General 
Criteria” below (the “General Criteria”). 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans to be included 
in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Annex 1, Part 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial 
Receivables and in the relevant offer for the sale of Subsequent 
Receivables.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations, 
“Integration Assets” shall include: 
 
(a) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) 
of the CRR which meet the requirements set forth under 
article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-
novies of Law 130; and 
 
(b) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned 
in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) 
above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-
novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
 
Public Entity Securities” means any securities which meet the 
requirements under article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of 
the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
Liquid Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations, 
“Liquid Assets” shall include the assets referred to article 7-
duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as 
eligible assets under article 129 of the CRR and Law 130. 
 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of 
the Investment Account in:  
(A) euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities 
or other debt instruments provided that (i) such 
investments are immediately repayable on demand at par 
together with accrued and unpaid interest, disposable 
without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no 
later than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount); and (iii) the debt securities or other debt 
instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity of less than 
one month, or such other lower rating being compliant 
with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt 
or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” 
by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity between one and three 
months, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
 
(B) euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, 
certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances issued

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
by any credit institution (including, without limitation, the 
English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, 
provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution, provided that such 
investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the ones 
reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is available, “P-2” in respect of 
 
 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is available, “P-3” in respect of 
short-term debt  
 
(C) any eligible asset and/or public entity securities, in each 
case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, provided that, in all 
cases, such investments shall from time to time comply 
with Moody’s requirements in respect of type of asset, 
minimum rating and maturity;  
 
(D) repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated 
debt securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) 
title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the 
relevant repurchase transactions and their respective 
maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor, (ii) such 
repurchase transactions are immediately repayable on 
demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a 
maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase 
transactions provide a fixed principal amount at maturity 
(such amount not being lower than the initially invested 
amount) provided that either (a) the debt securities or other 
debt instruments underlying the repurchase transactions 
are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on 
an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the counterparty of the 
Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is a credit 
institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt 
obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s 
in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by 
Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of 
short-term debt, with regard to investments having a 
maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating 
being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s 
from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect 
of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity between one 
and three months, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from 
time to time; and

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
(E) securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting 
as borrower regulated under the Global Master Securities 
Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the 
underlying securities comply with the requirements set out 
in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty acting as 
borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the 
securities lending transaction is a credit institution 
(including, without limitation, the English Account Bank 
and the Italian Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as 
Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible Institution, 
(iii) such securities lending transactions are immediately 
repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss 
or have a maturity date falling no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to 
be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of 
downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the 
minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall 
terminate in advance the securities lending transaction 
within 35 calendar days from the downgrade,  
 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, 
of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the 
transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at 
any time and (ii) no amount available to the Guarantor in the 
context of the Programme may be otherwise invested in asset-
backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or 
ranking at any time and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies as 
“credit quality step 1” or “credit quality step 2” pursuant to 
article 129, paragraph 1, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case of 
exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union which has 
a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it qualifies 
as at least “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, 
paragraph 1, let. (c) of the CRR, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time (the “Eligible Investments”). 
Subordinated Loan(s) 
On the Initial Transfer Date, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted 
to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated 
Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the BPER 
Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, 
the Initial Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in 
amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposit) transferred from time to time to the Guarantor by it, 
including the Subsequent Receivables or Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets to be transferred in order to prevent a breach of

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the Exposure 
Limit. Each advance granted by the Initial Seller pursuant to 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in 
(a) a term loan advanced to fund the purchase price of 
Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance 
Assignment (the “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in 
the framework of an Integration Assignment (the “Integration 
Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying 
any amount required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to 
be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or 
Subsequent Receivables in accordance with the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement (the “Price Adjustment Advance”); and 
(d) financing the creation and/or the maintenance of a cash 
reserve composed by Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(also in the form of bank deposit), or the purchase of other 
Liquid Assets, in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount (the “Eligible Deposits or Liquid Assets Advance”). 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor, will be required to enter 
into with the Guarantor a subordinated loan agreement 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms 
and conditions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement (each 
such agreement, an “Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
 
(See the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”, below). 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests 
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of Law 130, for so long as any Covered 
Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as 
Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure 
on a on-going basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG 
Regulations, such obligation shall be deemed to be complied 
with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which 
the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be) and until the Programme 
Termination Date that each of the following Mandatory Tests 
is met: 
 
(a) the Nominal Value Test; 
 
(b) the NPV Test; and 
 
(c) the Interest Coverage Test. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Mandatory Tests, see the 
section headed “Credit structure” below.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
The Asset Coverage Test 
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the earlier of: 
 
(a) the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
 
(b) the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor, 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller 
shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds.  
For a more detailed description, see the section “Credit 
structure” below. 
 
The Amortisation Test 
 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and 
any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of 
a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to 
be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the 
“Amortisation Test”). 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below. 
 
Compliance with the Tests and the Amortisation Test will be 
verified by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. The calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests and 
the Amortisation Test will be verified from time to time by the 
Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, 
as the case may be. For a detailed description see the section 
headed “Credit Structure – Tests” below. 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(a) prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) in order to cure the relevant Test; or 
 
(b) BPER shall sell, as soon as possible and by the last day 
of the month during which the Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred has been 
delivered, Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) to the Guarantor, which shall purchase such 
assets, in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement, and, to this extent, BPER shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the 
assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (and, if needed, it will 
increase the BPER Commitment Limit), provided that 
none of the events indicated in clause 8.2 (Cause 
specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal 
Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di obblighi da 
parte del Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle dichiarazioni e 
garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) (Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) (Crisi) of the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement has occurred with 
respect to BPER; or 
 
(c) following the occurrence of one of the events indicated in 
clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di 
Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di 
obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle 
dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) 
(Mutamento Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) 
(Crisi) of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement with 
respect to BPER, or failing BPER to cure the relevant 
Tests by the last day of the month during which the Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of the 
relevant Test has occurred has been delivered, any 
Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, or shall procure that 
any third party seller sells, and the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits), provided that the conditions set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement are satisfied; 
 
(d) failing BPER or the Additional Sellers to cure the relevant 
Tests, within the last day of the month during which the 
Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of the 
relevant Test has occurred and has been delivered, the 
Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) from any entity 
belonging to the BPER Banking Group willing to act as 
Additional Seller, provided that the conditions set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement are satisfied,

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant 
Tests are met as soon as practicable and in any event by not 
later than the date provided for in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. The obligation of each Additional 
Seller to transfer Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) 
pursuant to the provisions of paragraph (c) above will be 
limited to, and does not in any case exceed, the relevant 
percentage calculated in respect of the overall Cover Pool – on 
any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
any other date on which such percentage needs to be assessed 
for the curing of a breach of the relevant Tests – of Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
sold by the relevant Additional Seller and notwithstanding the 
provisions of this paragraph, each of the Additional Sellers will 
have the right to sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, 
Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) in excess of such 
Additional Seller’s pro rata percentage, if necessary to ensure 
that the relevant Tests are met. 
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, as evidenced by the 
following Test Performance Report, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor stating that the breach of the relevant Tests has not 
been cured (a “Breach of Tests Notice”). 
 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, as a result of the delivery 
of a Test Performance Report assessing a breach of any of the 
Tests: 
 
(I) 
no further Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued; and  
 
(II) no payments under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) 
will be effected, unless the relevant breach is remedied. 
 
If, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice, the breach 
of relevant Tests has not been cured within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, an Issuer Event of 
Default shall occur and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to deliver a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor, pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, a breach of the 
Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement on any 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried 
out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents shall constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default. 
 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior 
to the service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor shall 
sell Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
Liquid Assets in accordance with the provisions set out in the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
 
“BPER Commitment Limit” means the maximum amount of 
the subordinated loan granted by BPER as indicated in the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further 
increase that may be determined unilaterally by the 
Subordinated Loan Provider through a written notice to the 
Guarantor and the Issuer. 
 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report 
is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in 
accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 
130 and the BoI Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds 
remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing 
basis and on each Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid 
Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or 
higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow 
of the Programme over the next 180 days (the “Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount ).  
For a more detailed description, see the section “Credit 
structure” below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so 
long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation 
Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made 
available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents 
– that the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the calculation of the Exposure Limit 
is to be calculated pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be. 
For the purpose hereof, “Exposure Limit” means the limits 
provided under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), lett. (a), (b), 
(c) and (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129 
paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such limits shall not apply to 
“cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreements for purposes of complying with the Nominal 
Value Test. 
For a more detailed description, see the section “Credit 
structure” below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so 
long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding 
(i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent will verify the Minimum OC Requirement 
as part of the Nominal Value Test on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and (ii) following the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the 
Guarantor of an Acceleration Notice), the Calculation Agent 
shall verify (in addition to the Amortisation Test being met) 
that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on each on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on 
each other day on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to 
be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be. 
For the purpose hereof, “Minimum OC Requirement ” means 
5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per article 129 
of the CRR and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
For a more detailed description, see the section “Credit 
structure” below. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for any 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit ratings fall 
below a certain level. The applicable Final Terms will set out 
whether the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is a Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. On each Pre-Maturity Test Date 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Calculation Agent 
will determine if the Issuer satisfies the Pre-Maturity Test, and, 
if the Pre-Maturity Test is not so satisfied, it shall immediately 
notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of 
Covered Bondholders thereof. For a more detailed description, 
see the section headed “Credit structure”, below. 
 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling 
during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default 
 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 
months preceding the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed-upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the 
Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date. The Asset Monitor will 
also perform the other activities provided under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the 
service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice) or in order to comply with 
the Pre-Maturity Test, the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in 
order to (i) effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds or 
(ii) to comply with the Pre-Maturity Test) direct the Servicer to 
sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of 
the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited 
to the Payments Account and applied as set out in the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the 
service of an Acceleration Notice 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the 
Servicer or, in the absence of the Servicer, the Cover Pool 
Manager, to sell Selected Assets (as defined below) in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to any pre-emption right of 
the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any 
such sale shall be credited to the Payments Account and 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become insolvent 
or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide range of factors 
which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable to make all payments 
due in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Certain risks which are deemed not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material as a 
result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control. The Issuer and the Guarantor 
have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect their businesses 
and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may 
not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such 
contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks 
associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond may occur for other reasons which 
may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer or the Guarantor based on information currently available to 
it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. While the various structural elements described in this Base 
Prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders of Covered Bonds, there can be no assurance that 
these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of interest or 
principal on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same 
meaning in this section, unless stated otherwise. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this section on the risk factors before making any investment 
decision, in order to understand the risks related to BPER and the BPER Group and obtain a better appreciation 
of the BPER Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Covered Bonds issued and described in the 
relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy 
its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer;  
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position  
Risks related to the New 2024-2027 Business Plan 
On 9 October 2024, the Board of Directors of BPER approved the 2024-2027 business plan (the “New 2024-2027 
Business Plan”). 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan contains objectives to be met by 2027 based on assumptions of both a general 
nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact of specific operational and organisational actions that BPER 
intends to take during the period of time covered by the New 2024-2027 Business Plan. 
Such assumptions are subject (among others) to the risks and uncertainties, including those of a geopolitical nature 
relating to the current and future conflicts, that characterise both the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario and 
the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and that relate to future events and actions which the Board of 
Directors and the management cannot, in whole or in part, influence, in relation to the performance of the principal 
financial and economic figures or other factors affecting such performance. 
Strictly connected to the strategic risk is the commercial risk being the actual and prospective risk associated with 
the Issuer’s failure to achieve its objectives in terms of asset volume and economic results, due to the ineffectiveness 
of the actions taken by the Issuer’s management and Board of Directors and/or as a result of adverse market 
conditions. 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its New 2024-2027 
Business Plan or that it may be unable to implement part or all of such its New 2024-2027 Business Plan within the 
timeframe expected, that the assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and strategy may be incorrect or 
that the strategy may not achieve the results expected. 
Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on BPER or the BPER Group's operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. 
For further information on the New 2024-2027 Business Plan please refer to the paragraph entitled “Strategy” under 
the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the deregulation 
of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation and a blurring of 
the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the difference between 
borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly relating to dealings 
conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Group, notably in its profitability. 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans and 
in attracting deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign banks, 
mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and purchasers 
of loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer 
must compete. The BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its growth 
prospects, and consequently, its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-bank 
competitors that provide banking services, which activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny under 
existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes.  
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ products and service offerings and retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market share or incur losses in

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and the 
equity value of the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment risk. 
Income risk derives from the possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net interest income, 
being the difference between interest received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from the possibility that 
adverse changes in the value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments held by the Bank, following 
changes in interest rates, may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of the BPER Group. The results of the Group’s 
banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market 
interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes 
in net interest income. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, 
which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the BPER Group’s business 
activity, financial performance and condition, asset value and/or results of operations.  
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit spreads. Rising 
interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a higher rate than the 
yield on its assets due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to 
interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar 
maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER Group’s assets at a 
rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
It should be noted, in particular, that, starting from the beginning of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due 
mainly to the effects of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, which helped fuel strong inflationary pressures, particularly 
on energy and food goods. Against this backdrop, central banks have initiated a return to less accommodative 
monetary policies by accelerating interest rate hikes and for most of the years 2022 and 2023, have continued to 
focus on tackling inflation. The Federal Reserve has been among the most proactive institutions, bringing the cost 
of borrowing from the 0%/0.25% range set out in March 2022 to the highest level 5.25%/5.50% set out in July 
2023. In the same way, the central European institution, in light of the energy crisis which has gradually threatened 
the European economy, initially maintained a more prudent attitude, but then starting from July 2022 by introducing 
a cycle of monetary restriction which brought the rate on borrowing (“MRO”) from 0% in July 2022 to 4.5% in 
September 2023, and contemplated the launch, from March 2023, of the balance sheet reduction programme, albeit 
at a measured and predictable pace.  
Moreover, starting from October 2023, the economic growth has also been impacted by the effects of the conflict 
in the Middle-East. Despite the increased uncertainty from evolving geo-political tensions, risks of slowing growth 
in most key sectors of the global economy have continued to subside. 
In such a context, the European Central Bank, based on the fundamental indicators, wage growth and inflation 
trend, has cut the rates starting from June 2024, while stressing that there is no predetermined path. In September 
2024, also the Federal Reserve has begun to cut the rates.  
As per the context outlined above, interest rate trends and fluctuations depend on different factors – such as 
monetary and macroeconomic policies, general trends in the national and international economy and the political 
conditions of Europe and Italy – that are beyond the Issuer’s control and that may have an impact on the Issuer and 
the Group’s operations. 
Business concentration risk 
Geographically, the Issuer’s key market is the Italian region of Emilia Romagna and Lombardy, where the Issuer 
has historically operated and where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
borrowers and counterparties (as mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a 
general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic condition, or arising from systemic risks in the financial 
system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the Issuer’s 
impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions which, in turn, could have a material adverse 
effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks connected to a potential credit rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), (ii) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), (iii) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") and (iv) DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") 
which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which BPER is able to obtain funding. Any downgrade of the 
Issuer's credit rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs, may require the 
Issuer to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and could 
limit the Issuer's access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. In addition, a downgrade 
of the Issuer's rating may limit the Issuer's opportunities to expand its mortgage loans portfolio and may have a 
particularly adverse effect on the Issuer's image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its 
clients. 
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution of 
the Issuer's ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo and the rating of the Italian 
Government debt, the asset quality, profitability, and capital of the Issuer.  
Any of the foregoing may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial condition and 
prospects, as well as on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds, if any. 
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions, trends in the financial markets in 
general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, 
changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the 
European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of these 
factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and 
counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the 
Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. Furthermore, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand for 
loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group's customers may default on their loans or other obligations. 
Interest rate fluctuations may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. More in 
general, fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone and in the other markets in which the BPER 
Group operates influence its performance. 
Since the first half of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine. 
The Russian invasion has indeed provoked the reaction of other countries, which have launched heavy sanctions 
against Russia. These measures have generated uncertainty about what the effects on world economies might be, 
particularly for Europe, which, by geographic proximity and trade relations, is the macro area most vulnerable to 
the impacts of the crisis. As a result, the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries and 
multinational organizations have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as 
the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in "blocked person" lists, the 
removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money between banks, a 
prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies or banks that are 
under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian counterparties, and the 
imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and technologies. In response to the foregoing

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include 
countries of the European Union). Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes 
or even a suspension of gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take further 
legal action, which could affect European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a Russian 
perspective). 
Moreover, mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of Russia-Ukraine 
conflict have contributed to a rise in global inflation. To counter inflation, central banks raised interest rates during 
2022 and 2023: in the U.S., the Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset purchases, popularly known 
as "quantitative easing", and announced a plan to reduce its bond holdings. In addition, the Federal Reserve System 
implemented benchmark interest rate increases to counteract inflationary pressures; also the European Central Bank 
implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. All of these factors may adversely affect 
the Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of future interest rate fluctuations by major central banks has already 
resulted in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such volatility may continue for a 
prolonged period of time. Any increase in inflation rates and/or interest rates or a potential recession or other periods 
of declining economic conditions, could adversely affect Issuer's business, results of operations and financial 
condition and have a negative effect on the securities markets generally.  
In addition, recent tensions in the Middle East, including the Israel-Hamas conflict commenced in October 2023, 
the escalation to a series of direct confrontations between Israel and Iran in April 2024 and the recent escalation of 
hostilities between Israel and the Hezbollah militant group in September 2024, have caused volatility and instability 
and there is a risk that these events could potentially escalate into a wider regional conflict. Since November 2023, 
the Al-Houthi militia in Yemen has also launched several attacks on commercial shipping vessels in the Red Sea, 
which resulted in significant disruption to global trade routes. The current situation is affecting consumer price 
pressure and could also affect the economic growth of the Eurozone. These elements of uncertainty could lead to 
an alteration of normal market dynamics and, more generally, of business operating conditions. 
Therefore, the economic outlook is still conditioned by a high degree of uncertainty that depends, inter alia, on the 
evolution and duration of the above-mentioned conflicts. 
In addition to the above, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; 
(ii) other global geopolitical tensions (including the trade disputes between the United States and China and the 
related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced); (iii) concerns over levels of economic growth and 
consumer confidence generally; (iv) future developments of the European Central Bank's (“ECB”) monetary policy 
in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries 
aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the availability and cost of credit; (vi) the 
stability and solvency of the financial institutions and other companies; (vii) the sustainability of the sovereign debt 
of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (viii) the volatile trend in the price of 
oil and gas; (ix) the outcome of the elections recently concluded in Europe and in the US as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus; (x) the potential negative impacts on the economy arising from climate change and global warming at 
both a global and regional level. 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current 
economic, financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, therefore, 
its business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of its financial 
condition as well as prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member states. 
This, together with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their 
membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency, to 
adopt an alternative currency. A potential collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the EU's 
economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new 
difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and significant changes to financial activities 
both at market and retail level. The materialization of these risks could have a significant adverse impact on global 
economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets and a material and negative impact on BPER

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
Group and/or on BPER Group's clients, with negative implications for BPER Group's business, results and financial 
position. 
Lingering market tensions might negatively affect the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro area. 
Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on 
households disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group's business, 
results and financial position. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able to 
make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the Italian 
economy would have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group's business, in light of the BPER Group's 
significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis in the 
Euro area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further acceleration of 
the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the recoverability and quality 
of the sovereign debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial resources of the BPER Group's 
clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of any of the above events may cause the BPER Group to suffer 
losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its assets, with a potential adverse effect on the 
BPER Group liquidity, financial position and results of transactions including its ability to access the capital and 
financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding requirements. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely manner. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely 
affect the BPER Group’s securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments 
in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an impact on the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other affected economies 
may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the BPER Group's loan 
portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels. 
BPER Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access the 
debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance with 
prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant effects 
on the time to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and the 
consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In addition to 
this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held could make it difficult to ensure that 
the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit 
strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent 
years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. As a result, the economic and financial position of 
the BPER Group may be further affected. 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer's business activity and industry 
Issuer’s business activities

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a series 
of other risks typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, ICT and security risk, tax and reputational 
exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in 
the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer is exposed 
to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, fraudulent behaviour 
of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, their financial position, or 
their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Although the Issuer has implemented a specific 
process for identifying and managing credit risk, any failure by its customers to accurately report their financial and 
credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies 
and commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk are dependent 
upon its ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market 
prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how effectively the Issuer determines 
and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market 
interest rates.  
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities incurred 
by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. The activity 
of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and retail markets. 
The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB's lending policy, including 
changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted by the ECB as collateral for refinancing 
operations could affect the Group's, business and financial condition. 
For further information please refer to the paragraphs entitled “Credit Risk” and “Financial Risk” under the section 
entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
3. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Evolving regulatory environment  
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER are 
subject to various and constant changes. 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which by Italian and European legislation 
relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of 
Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European Central 
Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various 
forms. The laws and regulations applicable to the BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage 
and are designed to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in banking 
groups, and to limit their exposure to risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with laws and regulations regarding 
financial services, such as those governing the marketing distribution and sales of financial products and services. 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business activities, 
including (inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, the prevention of money laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and proper conduct 
in relations with customers and compliance with records keeping and reporting obligations.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their 
enforcement that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators 
of the laws and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A breach of any 
regulations by the Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities, as a consequence the Issuer could 
come under investigation and surveillance and be involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer 
may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may require additional expenditures, investments 
in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with 
respect to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and could 
limit the Group’s ability to distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a significant impact 
on the Issuer by, among others, requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly liquid but 
lower-yielding financial instruments, which can negatively affect its interest margin. 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will 
not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER 
Group. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the above 
regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by authorities 
in European Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are 
introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly 
provided by implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and aim at preserving their stability and resilience and limiting 
their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”) and the European System of Central Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject 
govern the activities in which banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws 
that govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing international financial markets 
is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being introduced 
in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Issuer including proposed regulatory initiatives that could 
significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, which 
will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). Following 
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of 
the capital requirement that BPER must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can be no assurance that 
the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the BPER Group from time to time may not be higher than 
the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP 
carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds requirements on the Issuer or the BPER 
Group.  
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit Guarantee 
Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the European 
Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called “SRMR”), 
which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and the BPER Group, 
as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be provided, starting from 
2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, 
"BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, introduced the so called "bail-

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
in", Regulation 2019/876/EU (s.c. "CRR II") of the European Parliament and the Council, which amends 
Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR ") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU (s.c. 
"CRD V"), which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD IV") must be taken into consideration and put in force 
by BPER Group.The CRR and the CRD IV have been recently amended by EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending 
CRR, the so-called "CRR III") and EU Directive 2024/1619 (amending CRD IV, the so-called "CRD VI"), which 
entered into force on 9 July 2024. The CRR III shall apply from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions), while 
the CRD VI shall be implemented by the Member States by 10 January 2026 (with some exceptions). The CRR III, 
among the others, introduces the so-called "output floor", setting a lower limit on the own funds requirements that 
are produced by banks’ internal models of 72.5 % of the own funds requirements that would apply if standardised 
approaches were used by those banks, in order to limit the risk of excessive reductions in capital. 
The BPER Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide range 
of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the 
asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the BPER 
Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or 
“SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone.  
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. BPER and the BPER Group 
have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the 
framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and 
each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the “SSM Framework Regulation”) 
and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB by 
the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 (Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR). On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a negotiating 
mandate for the revision of the CMDI. In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 was adopted, containing certain 
amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the conditions for the treatment of domestic MREL. 
BPER Group's continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on 
its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in 
which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with new 
legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time. Moreover, such adaptation may 
lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of the 
characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution mechanisms 
or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a negative impact 
on the Group's business, performance and/or financial condition. 
For further details, please see the section headed “Regulatory Section”. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes related, 
for example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the financial products 
and services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and labour/employment lawsuits. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax proceedings as well as judicial and

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which 
cannot be predicted. 
Although the management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective 
financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such 
provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the financial 
condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
4. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer  
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, 
damages in internal processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is highly 
dependent to perform its business activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not limited to 
the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, 
including errors resulting from faulty information technology, telecommunication systems, IT virus, cyber attacks 
or malfunction of electronic and/or communication services.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed responsibilities, 
which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an annual review of the 
analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of organisational changes 
that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, all refinements needed to 
address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. For the measure of the operational risk, the Group 
adopted the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any failure or weakness in these systems, could however 
adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Operational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from an 
adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or Supervisory 
Authorities with which the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage and 
mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures that need 
to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following components: 
identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to reputational risk, 
management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation process and the 
determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails to 
identify or anticipate.  
If the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies result not to be effective in mitigating the reputational 
risk, and/or if existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures are 
inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any failure to execute the 
Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect the Group’s 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Reputational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Systemic risk

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result 
of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic 
risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities 
firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started a second covered bond programme (the 
“Second Covered Bond Programme”), structured on a conditional pass-through basis, on a residential and 
commercial mortgage cover pool. A third covered bond programme (the "Third Covered Bond Programme"), 
structured on a hard or soft bullet basis, again on a residential and commercial mortgage cover pool, has been 
inherited as a consequence of BPER’s take-over and subsequent merger of Banca Carige S.p.A. (for further details, 
see the section headed "Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller" below). Risks related to such financial structured 
instruments are connected to the capacity of BPER to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the 
pools assigned as guarantees and the covered bonds issued under both the Second and the Third Covered Bond 
Programme. Should a combination of a sharp decrease of the residential or commercial mortgage loan production 
and an appreciable increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance could affect BPER's capacity to ensure 
a suitable claim substitution according to either the Second and the Third Covered Bond Programmes’ provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the Second Covered Bond Programme or the Third Covered 
Bond Programme could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
5. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, political and geopolitical instability, civil disorder, terrorist attacks, organised crime, urban 
violence and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic and political uncertainties, which 
could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates. In turn, any of 
such events could significantly affect the business, financial conditions and results of operations of the Issuer in 
ways that cannot be predicted generating an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Climate change risks 
The Issuer is exposed to risks arising from climate change either directly through its own operations or indirectly 
through its financing and investment activities. Indeed, within this category, climate change can create (i) transition 
risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, regulatory and technological changes; 
(ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability; and (iii) derivative risks, which 
originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may seek compensation from 
those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result in financial losses that could impair asset values and the 
creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER Group, adversely impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely 
affect BPER Group: 
• 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business 
models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced corporate 
earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 
• 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity prices, 
corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather events could 
affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and 
inflation. 
• 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations both of 
customers and the Group’s.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and scrutiny 
from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
Factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. 
Risks relating to the Guarantor; 
2. 
Risks relating to the underlying. 
1. 
Risks relating to the Guarantor 
Guarantor is only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has the obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee upon 
the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor: 
a) 
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, of a Notice to Pay; and 
b) 
following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, of an Acceleration Notice. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. An Acceleration Notice can only be served 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs. 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (i) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
and (ii) no Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor 
will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. Such payments will be subject 
to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the 
Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such circumstance will only be 
the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis 
the Issuer and any amount received, collected or recovered from the Issuer will form part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by Law 130 and contractual arrangements 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no case-law or other official 
interpretation on this issue. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might uphold a Covered Bondholder’s 
right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Issuer has failed to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the 
Maturity Date or within two Business Days thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise outstanding, where 
the Guarantor is required under the Covered Bond Guarantee to make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect 
of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bond and has 
insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such amount on the Extension 
Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed amounts shall automatically be 
deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the Guarantor has sufficient moneys 
available to pay in part the guaranteed amounts in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments, as described in Condition 
7 (Redemption and Purchase), on the relevant Maturity Date and any subsequent Scheduled Payment Date falling

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until 
the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid guaranteed 
amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these circumstances, except where the Guarantor has improperly withheld or 
refused to apply moneys in accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 7 
(Redemption and Purchase), failure by the Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed amount on the Maturity Date 
or any subsequent CB Payment Date falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case 
of an applicable grace period) shall not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor 
to pay any guaranteed amount or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date 
and/or pay any other amount due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Issuer shall notify to the Bank of Italy the extension of maturity of the Covered Bonds pursuant to Condition 
7(b), paragraph (x) (Extension of maturity) within 10 (ten) calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
No gross-up for taxes by the Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding for or on account of, or deduction 
of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, 
any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction 
of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and 
shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited recourse 
to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, 
the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account 
Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible Investment 
and the amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be sufficient to meet the 
claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not received 
the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still have an 
unsecured claim against the Guarantor for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Guarantor will have sufficient 
funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Amortisation Test – which applies after the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default – has been structured to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, 
or greater than, the nominal amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account the relevant negative 
cost of carry. In addition, Law 130 and BoI Regulations provides for certain further mandatory tests aimed at 
ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater 
than, the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by 
the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under 
the Covered Bonds. 
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed 
“Maintenance of the Cover Pool” below. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform services 
for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor Servicer may be) 
appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor compliance with the

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and, following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement. In the event 
that any of those parties fails to perform its respective obligations under the relevant agreement to which it is a 
party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof may be affected, or, pending such realisation (if the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer has failed to adequately administer the Cover Pool, 
this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default by Debtors.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing Agreement, 
then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the 
appointment of the relevant Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be no assurance that 
a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in administering the Cover Pool would be found who would be 
willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The ability of a Successor 
Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and 
records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Successor Servicer may affect 
the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely manner. 
Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer under the 
Servicing Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and the Covered Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To protect the Guarantor 
from (a) the basis risk and (b) the interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into any Mortgage 
Pool Swaps with one or more Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties on the relevant Issue Date. In addition, to provide 
a hedge against interest rate risk, basis risk or (to the extent that Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other 
than Euro) currency risks in respect of amounts received under the Mortgage Pool Swaps and amounts to be paid 
in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor has entered into one and may in the future enter into additional 
Covered Bond Swaps with one or more Covered Bond Swap Counterparties. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will (unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap Counterparty 
is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make payments to the Guarantor as 
long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement. If the relevant 
Swap Counterparty fails to provide the Guarantor with all amounts (denominated in the relevant currency) owing 
to the Guarantor (if any) on any payment date under the relevant Swap Agreement, or should the relevant swap 
transactions be otherwise terminated, then the Guarantor will be exposed to changes in the relevant currency 
exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, subject to confirmation by 
the Rating Agency, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the potential risk and, in such circumstances, may have 
insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the relevant 
Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to make a 
termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be 
able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or, if one is entered into, that the credit rating of the replacement 
swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current ratings of the Covered Bonds 
by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Swap Agreements may provide that, notwithstanding the relevant Swap 
Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and failure by such Swap Counterparty to take the remedial 
action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate such Swap Agreement until a

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
replacement swap counterparty has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter 
into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment 
may rank pari passu with (or, under certain circumstances, ahead of) certain amounts due on the Covered Bonds 
and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment 
may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the 
Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
VAT Group 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the creation 
of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential Decree no. 633 
of 26 October 1972) (the “VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 1 January 2019. 
Pursuant to such rules, the entity acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the exercise of the rights and 
obligations arising from the application of the VAT Group Regime provisions. All other entities included in the VAT 
group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative vis-à-vis the Italian Tax Authority for the 
sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority in respect of the VAT 
provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter no. 19 whereby it has specified – with 
respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) - that funds, as pools of segregated 
assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties as a consequence of 
the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT payment obligations 
specifically related to their own assets. With ruling no. 487 of 15 November 2019, the Italian Revenue Agency 
confirmed the same principle also in respect of Italian securitisation vehicles incorporated under Law 130. 
Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely clear to what extent such limitation 
would apply in practice. 
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) with 
effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for each subsequent year 
unless revoked. Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has undertaken 
to hold harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, damages, fines, 
penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as a result of its participation in the VAT group to the 
fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the exception of those costs, expenses, interests, penalties, 
liabilities and other charges which are directly attributable to the Guarantor on its ordinary course of business and 
without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the Issuer as “rappresentante” of the VAT group in accordance 
with the 2017 Budget Law. 
2. 
Risks relating to the underlying 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because it is 
expected that the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
a) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer selling further further Receivables (or further Receivables which are of a 
type that have not previously been comprised in the Cover Pool) to the Guarantor; 
b) 
any Additional Seller or the Issuer, repurchasing certain Receivables, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement; and 
c) 
the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the 
Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool. 
However, each Receivable arising under the Mortgage Loans, Integration Asset or Liquid Asset will be required to 
meet the Criteria and to comply with the representations and warranties set out in the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement – see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Warranty and

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Indemnity Agreement”, below. In addition, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of the Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is 
maintained at a certain minimum level and the Calculation Agent will provide on each Calculation Date a report 
that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on a 
quarterly basis pursuant to article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130 and the BoI Regulations. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the Receivables and/or 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria and the relevant representations/warranties given by the Sellers in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. The remedy provided for in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach of 
representation or warranty is for the relevant Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in respect of 
losses arising from such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of the 
Italian civil code, to retransfer the Receivables, the Integration Assets or Liquid Assets in respect of which a breach 
of the representation or warranty has occurred, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. Such obligations are not guaranteed by nor will they be the responsibility of 
any person other than the relevant Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have recourse to any other person in the event that the relevant Seller, for whatever reason, fails 
to meet such obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the assets which do not 
qualify as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded by the calculation of the Tests and, in case of breach of the Tests due to 
such exclusion, the Issuer or, failing the Issuer to do so, the relevant Additional Seller shall integrate the Cover 
Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer agreed to transfer Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor 
and the Guarantor has agreed to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
in order to ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. The Initial Receivables purchase price has been 
funded through the proceeds of the first advance under the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and the purchase 
price for the Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets transferred by the Issuer will be 
funded through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement in case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and, 
subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments in case of an Integration Assignment. 
If an Additional Seller accedes to the Programme, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, such Additional Seller will agree to transfer Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor and the Guarantor will agree to 
purchase such Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. The purchase price for the 
Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets transferred by such Additional Seller will 
be funded through (i) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments, in case of a Revolving Assignment; (ii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated 
Loan Agreement, in case of an Issuance Assignment; and (iii) the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated 
Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in case of an Integration Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the Additional 
Seller(s), if any, will undertake upon accession to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) to ensure that on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. If, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and on each other day on which the Tests is to be carried out pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents, the Cover Pool does not comply with the Tests, then the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent, use the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not 
sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Integration Assets and/or Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets, in an amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly 
Calculation Date, and the purchase price of such Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets will be funded through the proceeds of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the event the Issuer 
fails to cure the relevant Test, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as 
possible, sufficient Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. If the Tests are not 
satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if, on or before the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the 
Tests are subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to the obligation of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to serve a Breach of Tests Notice in the future. If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, 
the Tests are not satisfied on or before the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of the 
Tests, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a Guarantor 
Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be 
affected. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following a service of a Notice 
to Pay will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent not already accelerated against the Issuer) and the 
Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Guarantor subject to and in accordance with 
the Conditions. 
Subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date, as 
subsequently, amended, supplemented or replaced, concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of 
Law 130 and the BoI Regulations and including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in 
respect of the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit 
and, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC 
Requirement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. For further details, see the section 
headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement”, below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor the 
verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its obligations under 
any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to direct the Servicer 
to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s creditors, 
including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement”, below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there can be 
no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, which may 
affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor 
for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is specified as

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six 
months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is obliged to direct the 
Cover Pool Manager to immediately sell the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably available, taking into 
account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Sellers will have the right to exercise their pre-emption 
right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
Realisation of assets following the service of an Acceleration Notice 
If an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in 
the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that the Selected Assets will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable, taking into account the market 
conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured 
obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments (see the section headed 
“Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay all 
amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction 
Documents. If an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or 
later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected Assets 
comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
a) 
default by borrowers of amounts due in respect of Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets; 
b) 
changes to the lending criteria of any of the Sellers; 
c) 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover 
Pool; 
d) 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
e) 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate not mitigated by the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
g) 
unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
h) 
timing for the relevant sale of assets;  
i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and 
j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans being 
unenforceable. 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory Tests, the 
Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Amortisation Test, the Minimum OC Requirement, 
the Pre-Maturity Test and the Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the Covered 
Bonds following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and, accordingly, it is expected 
(although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable the Guarantor 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been challenged 
recently in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a secured creditor (in that

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
case, a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities breach the “anti-deprivation” 
principle under English and U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from agreeing to a provision that 
deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was argued that, where a secured creditor subordinates itself 
to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that secured creditor effectively deprives its own creditors. The 
Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments PTY Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate 
Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc 2011 UKSC 38 (the “Perpetual Case”) 
unanimously upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing this argument and upholding the validity of 
a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security document, stating that, provided that such clause forms 
part of a commercial transaction entered into in good faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one 
of its main purposes, the deprivation of one of the properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation 
principle was not breached by such provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in Lehman 
Brothers Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers Holdings 
Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip clause and held that 
such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that creditor files 
for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US Bankruptcy Code. However, a subsequent 2016 US Bankruptcy 
Court decision held that in certain circumstances flip clauses are protected under the US Bankruptcy Code and 
therefore enforceable in bankruptcy. The 2016 decision was affirmed on 14 March 2018 by the US District Court 
for the Southern District of New York, which 2018 decision was further affirmed on 11 August 2020 by the US 
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The implications of this conflict remain unresolved. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located in a 
foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign insolvency 
proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common law principles. 
Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus in respect of multi-
jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty as to 
whether the English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the Priorities of 
Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such litigation results in a 
conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is possible that termination 
payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities of Payments and 
as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders in full may be adversely affected. There is a 
particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency 
proceedings outside of England and Wales.  
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the 
Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of the 
Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for example, if there is a 
general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that the value of a 
real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related Mortgage Loan 
or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall decline in property values, the 
value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in losses to the Covered 
Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Sellers if Selected Assets and their related 
security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor 
shall, if necessary to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and their related 
security interests included in the Cover Pool, subject to a right of pre emption granted to the relevant Seller pursuant 
to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. In respect 
of any sale of Selected Assets and their related security interests to third parties, however, the Guarantor will not

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related security interests and there is 
no assurance that the relevant Seller would give or repeat any warranties or representations in respect of the Selected 
Assets and related security interests originally transferred by it or if it has not consented to the transfer of such 
warranties or representations. Any representations or warranties previously given by the relevant Seller in respect 
of the Mortgage Loans assigned in the Cover Pool may not have value for a third party purchaser if such Seller is 
then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security 
interests could be adversely affected by the lack of representations and warranties which in turn could adversely 
affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy under 
article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (as defined below) or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency 
Code (as defined below), Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, but only in the event that the declaration of 
bankruptcy of the relevant Seller is made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase 
of the relevant Receivables) or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies or, after the entry into force of the 
Italian Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 of Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code (e.g. if the payments made or 
the obligations assumed by the bankrupt party exceed, by more than one-fourth, the consideration received or 
promised), within six months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables). 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by 
the Guarantor of the purchase price due for the Cover Pool are exempt from the insolvency claw-back provisions 
set out under article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of the Italian Insolvency Code, 
Article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the Guarantor may not be subject to any 
declaration of ineffectiveness according to article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the of 
the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Additional Sellers  
Any Additional Seller which may accede to the Programme will be Italian credit institutions belonging to the BPER 
Banking Group but separate legal entities from the Issuer. The Additional Sellers (if any) may be subject to 
insolvency proceedings under Italian law. Such event would not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in itself. An 
insolvency of any of the Additional Sellers may affect certain rights and obligations of the Guarantor, for example 
limiting the duty of the Guarantor to purchase assets from the relevant Additional Seller, or the ability of such 
Additional Seller to repurchase assets under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, or to remedy breach of the 
Test on the Cover Pool. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets for 
a variety of reasons. The Mortgage Loans and/or the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets are affected by credit, 
liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency rates, prepayment rates, repossession 
frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as changes in the national or international 
economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of 
financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments and government policies. Certain factors may 
lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of 
borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets. Loss of earnings, illness, 
divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy on the part of borrowers, and 
could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage 
Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number 
of factors, including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in 
general at the time.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non Performing Loans will be subject to the effectiveness of 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans which in Italy can take a 
considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and on several 
other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of the Mortgage 
Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land registries which 
are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is required if it is 
necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor raises a defence to or 
counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers commence 
enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any real estate asset. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy issued by 
leading insurance companies approved by the relevant Sellers against damages from fire, destruction and explosion 
(each an “Insurance Policy”). There can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value of the real estate 
assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, the insured losses 
will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not covered (or which is not 
covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of the real estate assets and the 
ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will have been originated 
in accordance with the applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold to the 
Guarantor by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any), but originated by a person other than the Issuer and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) (an “Originator”), will have been originated in accordance with the lending criteria of 
such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the relevant Sellers’ or the relevant Originators’, as the 
case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the indemnity guarantee policies, the status 
of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the 
Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will warrant that (a) such Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were 
originated in accordance with such Seller’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination and (b) such 
Mortgage Loans, if originated by an Originator, were originated in accordance with the relevant Originator’s lending 
criteria applicable at the time of origination. Each of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) retains the right 
to revise its lending criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and 
of the Servicing Agreement. An Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. However, if such 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Non Performing Loans in the Cover 
Pool will be given a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset 
Coverage Test. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is subject to a 
number of legal risks. These include the risks set out below. 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian law civil code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary 
claims, notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off any 
claims owed to him/her by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, against the 
amount due by him/her to the relevant owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. The debtors under 
the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due under any Mortgage Loan to 
the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if the relevant Mortgage Loan was transferred by an 
Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor which came into existence (were crediti

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of assignment in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta 
Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration of such notice in the competent Companies’ Register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking Act. 
According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against the 
relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette 
of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration of the notice 
of assignment in the local Companies' Register. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be subject to the 
direct rights of the borrowers against the relevant Seller or, as applicable the relevant originator, including rights of 
set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration at the Companies' 
Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool may have increased risks of set-off, because the relevant 
Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator is required to make payments under them to the borrowers. In 
addition, the exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds of the Cover Pool and, 
ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced, inter alia, certain 
amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided by Law 
130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis the Seller 
after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale 
della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk associated 
with borrowers holding deposits with the relevant Seller (although there is no assurance that all such risks will be 
accounted for). 
Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are subject to 
Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996 (the “Usury Law”), which introduced legislation preventing lenders from 
applying interest rates equal to, or higher than, rates (the “Usury Rates”) set every three months on the basis of a 
decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last such decree having been issued on 25 September 2024). In addition, 
even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other benefits and/or remuneration may be 
held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific situations of 
the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions); and (b) the person who paid or agreed 
to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, benefits or remuneration 
has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
The Italian Government, with law decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree” and, together 
with the Usury Law, the “Usury Regulations”), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, has 
established, inter alia, that interest is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeds 
the Usury Rate applicable at the time the relevant agreement is reached. The Usury Law Decree also provides that, 
as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest rates 
due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered into on the date on which the Usury Law 
Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted with a lower interest rate fixed in 
accordance with parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree. 
The Italian Constitutional Court has rejected, with decision No. 29/2002 (deposited on 25 February 2002), a 
constitutional exception raised by the Court of Benevento (2 January 2001) concerning article 1, paragraph 1, of 
the Usury Law Decree (now reflected in article 1, paragraph 1 of the above mentioned conversion law No. 24 of 28 
February 2001). In so doing, it has confirmed the constitutional validity of the provisions of the Usury Law Decree 
which hold that interest rates may be deemed to be void due to usury only if they infringe Usury Regulations at the 
time they are agreed between the borrower and the lender and not at the time such rates are actually paid by the 
borrower.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Overturning the previous case-law on the matter, by decision No. 24675/2017 the United Chambers of the Italian 
Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) has recently clarified that, for the purposes of Usury Law, the remuneration 
of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate only at the time the terms of the financing were 
agreed. As a result, Usury Law would not be considered to be breached in case such a remuneration, originally 
lower than the applicable Usury Rate, exceeded a subsequently applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. 
Furthermore, according to applicable case-law, also default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account 
when verifying the compliance with the Usury Law. However, recent court precedents clarified that the applicable 
default interest rate and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing must not be added together 
for the purposes of such verification. As a result, the default interest rate, on the one hand, and the items representing 
the remuneration of the relevant financing (cumulatively considered), on the other hand, must each be separately 
and independently compared with the applicable Usury Rate. 
If the Usury Law were to be applied to the Mortgage Loans, the amount payable to the Covered Bondholders may 
be subject to reduction, renegotiation or repayment. 
Compounding of interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable may 
be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement subsequent to such accrual or 
(b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 
1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary 
practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised 
accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice 
(uso normativo). However, a number of recent judgments from Italian courts (including judgments from the Italian 
Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 2593/2003, No. 21095/2004, No. 4094/2005, No. 
10127/2005, No. 24418/2010, No. 24156/2017 and No. 15148/2018) have held that such practices are not uso 
normativo and that the contractual clauses providing for the capitalisation of accrued interest on a three-monthly 
basis, if agreed before April 2000, shall be considered null and void. Consequently, if customers of the relevant 
Seller were to challenge this practice and such interpretation of the Italian civil code were to be upheld before other 
courts in the Republic of Italy, there could be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 (“Law 
No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 February 
1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the date on which 
it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued interest is no longer 
possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the Comitato Interministeriale per il Credito e il Risparmio 
(“CICR”) issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 
of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding 
the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came 
into force. 
Article 17-bis of law decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016, as converted into law No. 59 of 8 April 2016, amended 
Article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Act, providing that interest shall not accrue on capitalised interest. 
Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Act also requires the CICR to establish the methods and criteria for the 
compounding of interest. Decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 2 of Article 120 
of the Banking Act, has been published in the Official Gazette no. 212 of 10 September 2016. As a result of such 
amendments, it is confirmed that, in the context of banking transactions, the debit interest (with the exception of 
default interest) can never bear further interest. 
Furthermore there have been two rulings of Italian Courts that have held that the calculations applicable to the 
instalments under certain mortgage loan agreements that were based upon the amortisation method known as 
“French amortisation” (i.e., mortgage loans with fixed instalments, made up of an amount of principal (that 
progressively increases) and an amount of interest (that decreases as repayments are calculated with a specific 
formula), triggered a violation of the Italian law provisions on the limitations on the compounding of interest 
(divieto di anatocismo). However, it should be pointed out that these were isolated judgements, still under appeal,

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
and more recently various court rulings on the same matter have declared that the “French amortisation” method 
does not entail an illegal compounding element. However the Issuer is not able to exclude the risk that in the future 
other judgments may follow the two isolated decisions described above. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements for 
consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2013/36/EU and 
Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common framework for certain 
aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States concerning agreements covering 
credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential immovable property.  
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016 
(“Legislative Decree 72”). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking Act, under Title VI, a new Chapter 
1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, pursuant to 
which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant loans in a professional manner in the Republic of Italy who are 
parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly agree, subject to the provisions of article 2744 of the Italian 
civil code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly instalments by the relevant debtor, the property of the 
debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be transferred to the creditor in discharge 
of all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor (even if the value of such property or the amount 
of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event that the value of the property of the debtor subject to 
security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be 
entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of the property shall be determined by an independent expert 
chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on the appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the 
chairman of the competent court. 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property subject to 
security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding obligations. Provided 
that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor of the relevant property, such new legislation is 
expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant claims. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry for Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of Title 
VI of the Banking Act, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage credit 
and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 2016 the Bank 
of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and financial operations of 
29 July 2009, as subsequently amended (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza 
delle relazioni tra intermediari e clienti), in order to implement the transparency provisions as laid down by the 
Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree, while on January 2018 the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance has submitted to public consultation the draft of the Interministerial Decree implementing 
the Mortgage Legislative Decree. The final version of the Interministerial Decree has not yet been published, 
therefore, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to fully predict its impact. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or reinforced 
existing rights, including, inter alia: 
• 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, in respect 
of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate (article 120-ter of 
the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree no. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative 
Decree no. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
• 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or the right to request 
subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in accordance with article 1202 (surrogazione 
per volontà del debitore) of the Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs previously borne by the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
borrowers for the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Legislative 
Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
• 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a maximum of two 
times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (Law No. 244 of 24 December 2007, as subsequently 
implemented by the ministerial decree No. 132 of the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (Ministero 
dell’economia e delle finanze)); 
• 
the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12-month period, 
where requested by the relevant debtor during the period from 1 June 2015 to 31 December 2017 (Convention 
between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the consumers’ associations stipulated on 31 March 
2015) (the “2015 Credit Agreement”). On 27 November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ associations, in order 
to provide continuity to the abovementioned measures, have agreed to extend the agreement until 31 July 2018. 
On 15 November 2018 the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the associations representing companies 
signed a new credit agreement (Accordo per il Credito 2019) providing for the introduction of some adjustments 
to the measures addressed to “Enterprises in Recovery", relating to the suspension and extension of loans to 
small and medium-sized enterprises, provided for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the “2019 Italian Credit 
Agreement”). 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Cover Pool could be subject to suspension of payments, 
as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be predicted as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability of the issuer to pay 
timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary for the servicing of the Cover Pool. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 126”) 
which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans granted for the 
purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and the 
ABI (Italian Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of 
such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also further 
to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the Convention, the 
instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be recalculated applying (a) a 
fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied under the relevant mortgage loan 
agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original final maturity date of the relevant 
mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato) after 31 
December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment due after the date on which the 
mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The difference between the amount to 
be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that the borrower would have paid on the 
basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a bank account on which interest will accrue 
in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) 
the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the 
renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank account. After the original final maturity date of the 
mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments 
equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the 
lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage 
loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in accordance with the 
Convention. Borrowers eligible for the renegotiation who have received the renegotiation proposal can accept the 
proposal by way of a written notification to be sent not later than 28 November 2008 (the “Final Adhesion Term”).

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such proposal has been accepted 
by the relevant client, with reference to the instalments which fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage borrower protection” 
above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the 
Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required in order to maintain the then current ratings of the 
Covered Bonds. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is 
not in a position to predict its impact. 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
1. Risks relating to the Covered Bonds generally; 
2. Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; 
3. Risks relating to the market. 
1. Risks related to Covered Bonds generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
a) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
b) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
c) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered Bonds, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
d) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
e) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments 
as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered Bonds will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the Republic 
of Italy. Furthermore, the Covered Bonds will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any legislation that 
is or will be passed to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including government guarantees or similar 
measures. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor 
Event of Default; (b) directing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Notice to Pay or an 
Acceleration Notice or otherwise instructing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take enforcement 
action against the Guarantor and/or, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer; (c) cancelling, reducing or otherwise 
varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; (d) altering the priority of 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds and of principal; (e) exchanging the Covered Bonds for other securities; 
and (e) any other amendments to the Transaction Documents. Certain resolutions are required to be passed as 
Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take any 
enforcement). Any Programme Resolution action must be passed at a single meeting of the holders of all Covered 
Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to 
the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be resolved upon at a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series. 
A Programme Resolution taken by Covered Bondholders of all Series will be binding on all Covered Bondholders 
irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the Programme Resolution.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting will bind each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of whether they 
attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making: 
a) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; or 
b) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error which is 
proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of law; and 
c) 
any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the Conditions 
and/or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of complying with a 
change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the OBG Regulations or any guidelines issued by 
the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
It shall also be noted that, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance 
with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of an Acceleration 
Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Guarantor and the security under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The Conditions 
limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings against the Guarantor by 
conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in accordance with the Rules of 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may commence any such individual 
actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors but if, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series would be 
materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such power, trust, 
authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a 
direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of 
Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed “Selected 
aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction” below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any 
obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer believes 
it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, investors 
should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are actually performed 
and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Limit to Integration 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order to: (i) 
collateralise the issue of further Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, (ii) invest (in whole or in part) principal 
amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and/or the Principal Available Funds deriving from 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing or (iii) ensure compliance with the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the 
Exposure Limit in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
Investors should note that Issuance Assignments, Revolving Assignment or Integration Assignments are not allowed 
in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. Therefore no assurance can be given on the potential 
negative impact that the need to rebalance the Cover Pool outside the circumstances set out in the BoI Regulations 
may have on the interests of the Covered Bondholders (for further detail on the BoI Regulations see the section 
headed “Selected aspects of Italian law – Coverage Requirement” below). 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds other than Registered Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds included 
in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each Series of Covered 
Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the Conditions as set out in full in 
this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which applies and/or disapplies and/or 
completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner required to reflect the particular terms and conditions 
applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds).  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time 
agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. Such 
legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Assignment Agreement, the related 
Registered Covered Bonds Rules Agreement and the letter of appointment of (i) any Registered Paying Agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds and (ii) the Registrar in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or additional set of 
documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without 
any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds will not benefit

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. An investment in the Covered Bonds 
involves the risk that subsequent changes in the actual or perceived creditworthiness of the Issuer may adversely 
affect the payment made under relevant Covered Bonds. This may lead to losses under the Covered Bonds. 
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until 
the service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of any Covered Bond would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which 
would entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve an Acceleration Notice and accelerate the 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default.  
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or their officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the Guarantor. The Issuer 
and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or referecing 
such “benchmarks” 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the subject 
of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such "benchmarks" to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market Benchmarks 
(July 2013) (the “IOSCO Benchmark Principles”) and the EU Benchmarks Regulation of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU 
and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Benchmarks 
Regulation”) applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" "benchmarks" in the EU, and among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration of 
"benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators, among other things, applies to 
the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA 
register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical benchmark" indices 
such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well as equity, commodity 
and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or strategies) which are 
referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Covered Bonds), financial contracts and investment 
funds.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a material 
impact on any listed Covered Bonds linked to a "benchmark" index, including in any of the following 
circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate 
EU or UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable 
transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
"benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be delisted (if 
listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Covered Bonds could be changed 
in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the 
effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Covered Bonds, including 
Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion. 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of 
discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", trigger 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks".  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked 
with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to 
current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 11 May 2021 the 
euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback 
rates. The recommended fallback rates are based on the new Euro short-term rate (“€STR”). Although EURIBOR 
has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with 
€STR or an alternative benchmark.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain 
benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) 
triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of 
the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national 
reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any 
Covered Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
Investors should be aware that, if the EURIBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds (each an “Original 
Reference Rate”) were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
which reference such Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions 
applicable to such Covered Bonds, as indicated in the Terms and Conditions.  
In particular, the Terms and Conditions provide for certain arrangements in case that the Original Reference Rate 
(including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) becomes 
unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor Rate 
determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser or failing that, by the Issuer, 
and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) by the application of an Adjustment 
Spread. The application of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate or an Adjustment Spread may result in the 
relevant Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they 
would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment 
Spread is determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. 
In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of 
interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate 
for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last used for the relevant Covered Bonds or last 
observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor 
Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may 
not operate as intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or to any other Transaction Document are necessary

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread or to comply 
with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the 
competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as provided by Condition 5(l) (Fallback provisions) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate may result in interest payments that are substantially lower than 
or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made on the Covered Bonds if 
the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be 
expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the 
application of the Adjustment Spread to the Covered Bond may not do so and may result in the Covered Bond 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Covered Bonds referring the relevant Original Reference Rate. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or 
national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Covered Bonds, 
investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds linked to 
or referencing such a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to 
holders of such Covered Bonds, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes 
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their tax 
adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if 
withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is 
imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the case may 
be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for 
the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay any additional 
amounts pursuant to Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) subject to customary exceptions including 
Decree No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts 
to the Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
For further details see the section entitled "Taxation in the Republic of Italy". 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on the 
laws of the Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of England) in effect as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to the laws of 
Italy or of England or administrative practice in the relevant jurisdictions after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor or result in this Base Prospectus 
containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered 
Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to update this Base Prospectus to reflect such 
changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union:

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the “Covered Bond Directive”); and 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the “Covered Bond 
Regulation”). 
The Covered Bond Regulation and the Covered Bond Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR on covered 
bonds and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision. More in 
particular, the Covered Bond Regulation provides certain amendments to the CRR in order to strengthen the quality 
of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the Covered Bond Directive aims to harmonize 
the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States.  
The Covered Bond Regulation apply from 8 July 2022. The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian 
legal framework by means of Legislative Decree no. 190 of 5 November 2021, entered into force on 1 December 
2021 (the “Decree 190/2021”), which modified Law 130. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 130 (as applicable until the entry 
into force of the Implementing Provisions, as defined below) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, 
setting out the Italian legislative framework applicable to covered bonds starting from the entry into force of the 
Implementing Provisions. Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority 
for the public supervision of the covered bonds and issued the implementation of the Title I-bis of Law 130. 
Following a public consultation launched by the Bank of Italy on 12 January 2023 and ended on 11 February 2023, 
on 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the implementing provisions of the BoI Regulations, entering into 
force on 31 March 2023, (the “Implementing Provisions”), providing, inter alia, for (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for derivative 
contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the conditions for 
establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) the possibility for banks having credit rating 3 to act as counterparties 
of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the requirement of a minimum level of over-collateralization for 
covered bonds at 5% and (vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing programme as of the date of the entry 
into force of the Implementing Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments to the BoI 
Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus possible uncertainties of 
interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to be reflected in the Programme 
(including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to continue to be compliant with the 
OBG Regulations. Prospective investors should therefore inform themselves of the above legal changes, in addition 
to any other regulatory requirements applicable to their investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official interpretations after the 
date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) assigned to the Covered Bonds may be 
affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and there can be no 
assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any transaction described in 
this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law or regulation, nor can any 
assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its 
obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. Law 
130 was further amended during the following years, including, inter alia, on 30 November 2021 by way of the 
Decree 190/2021, as above mentioned. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of the Law 130 as it relates to covered 
bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for the supervisory 
instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” dated 30 March 2023 
(Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as amended from time to time concerning, inter alia, guidelines on the 
valuation of assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation. 
Consequently, it is possible that such or different authorities may issue a ruling relating to the Law 130 or a 
governmental or regulatory authority may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, 
the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 111”), delegates 
power to the Italian government to enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative 
decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital gains 
and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, and impact 
of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and 
capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under 
the Covered Bonds and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, they will 
form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will constitute a new 
Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will 
share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer Event of 
Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all Series will 
accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may have 
features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
Whilst this should not be construed as any indication or suggestion that the Issuer would exercise any early 
redemption option to redeem the Covered Bonds, it is possible that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem Covered 
Bonds in accordance with (and where permitted by) the Conditions, and in compliance with applicable regulatory 
requirements, at times when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Covered Bonds. At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the circumstance 
that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, shall be granted an 
interest income consisting of the difference between the redemption price and the issue price, which difference shall 
reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed to the risk that the price of such 
covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of zero coupon covered bonds are more 
volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to respond to a greater degree to market interest rate 
changes than interest-bearing covered bonds with a similar maturity. Generally, the longer the remaining terms of 
such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with 
comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include those features. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to 
conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" or "Sustainability 
Bond" 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically for 
projects and activities that promote "green" purposes ("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Assets") and "social" 
purposes ("Social Bonds" and "Eligible Social Assets") or a combination of "green" and "social" purposes 
("Sustainability Bonds" and "Eligible Sustainability Assets" and, together with the Eligible Green Assets and 
Eligible Social Assets, the "Eligible Assets"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of Proceeds" and in the 
applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary. 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", 
in the case of Green Bonds, "social", in the case of Social Bonds, or "sustainable", in the case of Sustainability 
Bonds, or be given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time. The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through voluntary measures, such 
as by complying with the relevant set of principles published by the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA"), notably green bond principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social bond principles (the "Social Bond 
Principles") and sustainability bond guidelines (the "Sustainability Bond Guidelines", and together with the Green 
Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, the "Principles"), or by obtaining an external review. 
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through transparency, 
disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible Assets and give 
other guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or Sustainability Bond. 
However, given a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of current market views and 
the ongoing development in the understanding of environmental and social issues and their consequences, a degree

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
of uncertainty with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", "social" or "sustainability", and as result 
which bonds qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be inevitable. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green" and "sustainable" has been established in the EU with the 
publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the 
establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and 
the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was 
published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European 
Commission approved the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act (as defined below), formally adopted on 4 June 2021, 
introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to the following 
environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate 
change mitigation (the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into 
force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary 
Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which was published in the Official Journal on 
15 July 2022 and it applies as of January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line 
with EU climate and environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, 
including coal, towards a climate-neutral future. A second delegated act setting out proposed technical screening 
criteria for economic activities that make a substantial contribution to the (non-climate) environmental objectives 
of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Commission on 27 June 2023. Furthermore, 
on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 
2019/2088 (the "Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation") which apply from 1 January 2023. In addition, on 
25 July 2022 Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, supplementing the SFDR with regard to RTS 
specifying the details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of "do no 
significant harm", specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation to sustainability 
indicators and adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of the information in relation to the 
promotion of environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual 
documents, on websites and in periodic reports ("SFDR RTS"), was published in the Official Journal. The new 
RTS apply from 1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2023/363 amending and correcting the standards laid down in the SFDR RTS to ensure investors receive 
information reflecting provisions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 
2022. The Delegated Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 17 February 2023 and has come into 
force on the third day after publication in the Official Journal. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU 
Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure 
Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities 
and other amendments to reflect technological progress. 
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a European Standard for 
Green Bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard") setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds 
raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full 
transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried 
out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its 
supervision. In this respect, on 22 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally sustainable 
and for sustainability-linked bonds was enacted and will apply starting from 21 December 2024. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
(i) 
the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds for any Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in whole 
or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or 
guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply in accordance with any 
present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social 
or sustainability impact of any Eligible Assets);and

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
(ii) 
any Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", 
"social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set out 
under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other 
impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Assets. Moreover, where adverse impacts 
are insufficiently mitigated, the relevant Eligible Assets may become controversial and may generate 
negative market opinion. 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or 
sustainability impact of a relevant Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or 
may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the Green Bond Principles and/or the Social Bond 
Principles and/or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines and/or the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy framework. Any 
such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such green or social or 
sustainable bonds. 
With reference to any Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an amount equal to 
the proceeds will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Assets, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of any Covered Bonds in such a manner as described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of 
the Covered Bonds or a subsequent reallocation of such proceeds), as the case may be, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly 
such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Eligible Green, Social or Sustainability Assets. Nor can 
there be any assurance that (i) such Green, Social or Sustainable projects will be completed within any specified 
period or at all or, (ii) with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or (iii) the 
originally designated green project or social project or sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any 
subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified as such. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to green or 
social or sustainable bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable 
asset(s) towards which an amount equal to the proceeds of the Covered Bonds may have been applied and the 
relevant Covered Bonds or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with respect to any Covered 
Bonds (i) give rise to any claim of a Covered Bondholder against the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default 
under the Covered Bonds; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Covered Bonds or be a relevant 
factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Covered Bonds; or (iv) impact any of the features of such Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the 
proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor any amount equal to such proceeds and 
the operation of any other features will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments 
of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Any failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Eligible Assets as 
aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer 
is not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
on and/or any Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds and also potentially the 
value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible Assets, and/or result in 
adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular 
purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Assets to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria, any verification of whether the Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability 
Assets meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s 
framework once available on its website for information and should determine for themselves the relevance of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should be based 
upon such investigation as they deem necessary and such framework is not incorporated by reference.  
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of any 
third party relating to any Green or Social Bonds 
ISS Corporate Solutions has issued an independent opinion, dated 12 May 2023, on the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on 
certain environmental and related considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No representation 
or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion or certification 
of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) made or which may be available in connection with an 
issue of Covered Bond issued as Green or Social or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Assets to 
fulfil any environmental, social, sustainability and/or other criteria. The Second Party Opinion and any other such 
opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any investment in any 
Covered Bond, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability of any 
security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bond. The Second Party Opinion and any 
other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Covered Bond and is current 
only as of the date it was initially issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green or Social Bonds in respect of which such 
opinion or certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates 
to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ISS Corporate 
Solutions being the provider of such opinions and certifications is not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the reliability of the provider of such opinion or 
certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bond or Social Bond or Sustainability Bond. The 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
European Covered Bond (Premium) Label  
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that the Covered Bonds are in 
compliance with Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR.  
Given that the labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (Premium)” depends on the fulfilment 
of legal requirements under Law 130, the BoI Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, investors should consider, 
amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered Bonds and 
assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory framework.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, without limitation, 
whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to any Series of Covered 
Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as “European Covered Bond 
(Premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as European Covered Bond 
(Premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their issuance. 
3. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest 
rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Covered Bonds may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Accordingly, 
there is no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Covered Bonds. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Covered Bonds easily or 
at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. If the Covered Bonds are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount to their initial 
offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic 
conditions and the financial conditions of the Issuer. This is particularly the case for Covered Bonds that are 
especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or 
strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These 
types of Covered Bonds would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds, 
although application has been made, or is expected to be made, to list the Covered Bonds on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds, (ii) the 
Investor’s Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds and (iii) the Investor’s 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Rating  
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to 
the Covered Bonds and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds or the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the 
applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, in general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
“UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above 
the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds.  
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the risks described above are the main risks inherent in the holding of 
covered bonds of any series issued under the programme but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest or repay principal on the covered bonds of any series may occur for other reasons and the issuer and the 
guarantor do not represent that the above statements of the risks of holding covered bonds are exhaustive. while 
the various structural elements described in this base prospectus are intended to lessen some of the risks for holders 
of covered bonds of any series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient or effective to ensure 
payment to the holders of covered bonds of any series of interest or principal on such covered bonds on a timely 
basis or at all.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall 
be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a 
document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-6f1b-4812-
4a03-38866f41e523?version=4.0&t=1725980415333&download=true  
2. 
Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained at 
the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/By+Law_Estense+Covered+Bond.pdf/41477f
2f-6d0a-e470-7b28-88ba14c22e8f?version=1.0&t=1578564977104&download=true  
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+Half-
Year+Report+as+at+30+06+2024.pdf/919b31e7-130a-1352-f6c1-
b22bcfedefb4?version=1.0&t=1726240730932  
4. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+interim+report+on+operations+as+a
t+31+03+2024.pdf/42406a86-70cb-dfae-f22b-66351b847833?version=1.0&t=1718888405910  
5. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto, 
the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/2023+ANNUAL+REPORTS_PDF.pdf/989606d1-
e56d-8021-7632-caa843d1cdd5?version=1.0&t=1715623102665 
6. 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/Consolidated+half+year+report+as+at+30+06+202
3.pdf/dfe5fb52-aa54-ebaa-7839-8f7cf8ba3c2e?version=1.0&t=1696588702782 
7. 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that can be obtained 
at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2131684318/Annual+Report+2022+%28PDF%29.pdf/b8517d71
-0cce-df7f-aa54-87d355d1d6b1?version=1.0&t=1687883613005 
8. 
Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of 
the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022), that can be obtained at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191166662/Sustainability+Report+2022.pdf/ac90b602-
b0b2-c8ea-4a54-984ad6cf467d?version=1.1&t=1685024273865&download=true

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
9. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/Estense+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2023+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/5e4f959c-3662-0593-ca48-
332e7ad42a24?version=1.0&t=1716901346269&download=true 
10. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/Estense+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2022+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/02f9baa1-1adf-9619-9361-
fa04bfaefc38?version=1.0&t=1697460448226&download=true 
11. 
BPER Group press release dated 7 November 2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 September 2024", 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/24.11.07+BPER+Risultati+9M24+ENG_all_def.pd
f/86c716fa-d7e7-183b-ce17-2684b51783a1?t=1730961150128  
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus; (ii) the Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024; 
(iv) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024; 
(v) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; (vi) the Issuer's unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; (vii) the Issuer's consolidated audited 
annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; (viii) the Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial 
Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 
(Sustainability Report 2022); (ix) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; (x) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; and (xi) the BPER Group press 
release dated 7 November 2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 September 2024". 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
Issuer’s 
Articles 
of 
Association 
(Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s Articles of Association 
(Statuto) 
Entire document 
All

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-
year report (including review report) 
as at 30 June 2024 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
30 June 2024 
Page 78 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 30 June 2024 
Page 79 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 80 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 30 
June 2024 
Page 81 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 82 to 83 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 87 to 183 
 
Certifications and other reports 
Pages 185 to 187  
 
Independent auditors' review report 
Pages 188 to 189 
Issuer's 
unaudited 
consolidated 
interim report on operations (without 
a review report) as at 31 March 2024 
 
 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 
31 March 2024 
Page 56 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 31 March 2024 
Page 57 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 58 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 31 
March 2024 
Page 59 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 60 to 101 
 
Attachments 
Pages 102 to 105 
 
Declaration of the manager 
responsible for preparing the 
company’s financial reports 
Pages 106 to 107 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the 
auditors' report thereon, notes thereto, 
the relevant accounting principles and 
the 
consolidated 
non-financial

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
statement 
pursuant 
to 
Italian 
Legislative 
Decree 
254/2016 
in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2023  
 
BPER Banca Group structure as at 
31 December 2023 
Page 19 
 
Financial ratios 
Page 22 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
Page 23 
 
Methodological Note 
Pages 84 to 85 
 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
Page 86 
 
Social and personnel issues 
Page 86 
 
Human Rights 
Page 86 
 
Purpose and positioning 
Page 88 
 
The BPER Group's Commitments 
Pages 88 to 91 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model 
Pages 92 to 106 
 
Relations with Suppliers 
Pages 108 to 109 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 110 to 118 
 
Group Stakeholders and Materiality 
Analysis 
Pages 119 to 128 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 129 to 161 
 
People 
Pages 162 to 179 
 
Relations with the Community 
Pages 193 to 204 
 
The EU Taxonomy of 
Environmentally Sustainable 
Activities 
Pages 205 to 247 
 
Objectives 
Pages 248 to 251 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 252 to 259 
 
Independent Auditor’s Report of the 
2023 Sustainability Report 
Pages 260 to 263 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 266 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 267 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 268 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 31 
December 2023 
Page 269

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 270 to 271 
 
Consolidated Explanatory Notes  
Pages 272 to 561 
 
Attachments  
Pages 562 to 574 
 
Certifications and Other Reports 
referring to the auditors' report of 
the 2023 Annual Report 
Pages 575 to 586 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-
year report (including review report) 
as at 30 June 2023 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 
June 2023 
Pages 80 to 81 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 30 June 2023 
Page 82 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 83 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders' equity 
Page 84 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 85 to 86 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 88 to 194 
 
Independent auditors' review report 
Pages 199 to 200 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles 
in respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 
December 2022 
Page 94 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 31 December 2022 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders' equity 
Page 97

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 98 to 99 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 101 to 412 
 
Independent auditors' report 
Pages 417 to 426 
Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial 
Statement 
pursuant 
to 
Italian 
Legislative 
Decree 
254/2016 
in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 
2022 
(Sustainability 
Report) 
 
History 
Pages 18 to 20 
 
Mission and Approach 
Page 21 
 
The BPER Group's Commitments 
Pages 22 to 27 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model 
Pages 28 to 30 
 
ESG Governance 
Pages 30 to 31 
 
Relation with Suppliers 
Page 42 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 45 to 53 
 
Group Stakeholders and Materiality 
Analysis 
Pages 54 to 63 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 65 to 95 
 
People 
Pages 99 to 119 
 
Relationships with the Community 
Pages 137 to 147 
 
Annex I – The EU Taxonomy of  
environmentally sustainable 
activities 
Pages 148 to 150 
 
Annex II – Materiality Analysis 
Pages 151 to 155 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 163 to 178 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 180 to 182 
Guarantor's audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors' 
report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2023 
 
 
 
Balance sheet  
Page 13 
 
Income statement  
Page 13

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15 
 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Notes to the Financial Statements 
Pages 18 to 75 
 
Independent auditor's report 
Pages 76 to 78 
(reference is to 
the pages of the 
pdf version)  
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2022 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Page 12 
 
Income statement 
Page 12 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
Page 13 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 14  
 
Cash Flow Statement 
Pages 15 to 16 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 17 to 73 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 74 to 76 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group press release dated 7 
November 
2024 
entitled 
"Consolidated results as at 30 
September 2024" 
 
 
 
Consolidated income statement: 
key figures  
Pages 2 to 3 
 
Consolidated balance sheet: key 
figures 
Pages 3 to 4 
 
Group structure highlights as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 4 
 
Capital Ratios 
Page 4 
 
Reclassified financial statements as 
at 30 September 2024 
Page 9

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative 
performance measures", aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of alternative performance measures 
(“APM”) included in prospectuses or documents containing regulated information. 
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified 
several APMs. The management believes that these APMs provide useful information for investors as regards the 
financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the identification of 
significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains alternative performance 
measures which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2024, 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023, 30 June 2023 and 31 December 
2022. 
It should be noted that:  
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of 
the future performance;  
(ii) the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements 
of BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance 
with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024, the 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023, the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022;  
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page number  
 
Reclassified consolidated balance 
sheet as at 30 September 2024 
Page 10 
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement as at 30 September 2024 
Page 11 
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement by quarter as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 12 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 13 
 
Consolidated income statement as 
at 30 September 2024 
Page 14 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER 
Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on these data; 
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The Issuer has selected and represented the APMs set out below as it believes that they are a useful means to 
obtain a better understanding of the economic and financial performance, because they facilitate the identification 
of important operating trends and financial parameters peculiar to the areas of the Issuers business activities: 
• 
TEXAS Ratio: calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment 
provisions for nonperforming loans. The Texas Ratio assesses a bank’s financial position. It is a measure of a 
bank’s credit quality; 
• 
ROE: calculated as ratio of net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including 
net profit. It is considered a gauge of a corporation's profitability and how efficient it is in generating profits; 
• 
ROTE: calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including net 
profit and intangible assets. It measures the rate of return on the tangible common equity; 
• 
ROA: calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
It is a metric that indicates a company's profitability in relation to its total assets; 
• 
The Cost to income ratio: calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income) and on the basis of the schedules provided by the 7th update of Bank of Italy Circular 
no. 262. It is one of the main indicators of the Issuer’s operational efficiency; 
• 
The Cost of credit risk: calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers. 
It is the measure of the cost of managing risk and incurring losses due to risk. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered additional information not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus or 
not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980. 
The Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 have been audited by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in 
its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in its reports thereon. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024 and the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023 have been subject to review 
by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Guarantor, as indicated in its 
reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial statements 
prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. The Issuer takes 
responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, 
whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditors of the Issuer, 
Deloitte. The Guarantor takes responsibility for the translation of the balance sheets, statements of income and notes 
of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ 
report was received directly from the independent auditors of the Guarantor, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation 
(EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained from the registered office of the Issuer 
on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/) or at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that, if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered Bonds 
and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor 
to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering 
of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such 
Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 103 ---
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus.  
Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Estense Covered  
Bond S.r.l. (Guarantor) 
 
Asset monitor 
Mortgage Pool  
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
Covered Bond  
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
OBG 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
           Covered 
    Bondholders 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Transfer of Cover Pool

--- Page 104 ---
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) ("BPER", "BPER 
Banca" or the "Parent Company") is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), operating 
in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company of the BPER 
Banca banking Group (the "BPER Group" or the "BPER Banca Group"), which was incorporated under the laws 
of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its Articles of Association, its final term ends on 1 
December 2100 and may be extended. The change of denomination from Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna 
Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held 
in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER is 
registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce of Modena 
under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid-up share capital of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus was Euro 2,121,637,109.40 
divided into 1,421,624,324 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2025). 
BPER’s shares are listed on the Italian stock market and are included into the FTSE MIB index. 
Starting from September 2009 BPER’s shares were also included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In 1992, BPER acquired Banca Popolare 
di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Ravenna"), 
and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. ("Banca CRV"), consolidating its presence in 
Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of Banca 
Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. ("BPLS") and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare del 
Materano"), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Crotone"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg S.A., a 
company set-up in 1996 whose headquarters are located in Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private 
banking, investment management and corporate banking services. 
In 1998 BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. At the end of 1998 BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. ("BPA"). The acquisition, in 1999, 
of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Salerno"), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila S.p.A. 
("Carispaq") and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia") resulted in BPER 
consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001 BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one of the 
largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and more than 
10,000 employees at that time.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
In June 2003 BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form the 
banking entity Banca della Campania S.p.A. ("Banca della Campania"), into which Banca del Monte di Foggia 
S.p.A. merged on 28 December 2006 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. In June 2014 BPER and Banco di Sardegna 
resolved to commence the merger by incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A. The latter is a 
company operating in all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region. 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. In July 2010 the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV 
into BPER took place. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. ("Arca Vita"). 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged to form 
a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno"). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a result, 
BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. ("BNT"), a bank specialised in 
agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which specialises in non-life 
insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, the 
BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the four 
banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in accordance 
with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the existing and future 
portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted and/or held by BNT. 
The notes issued by the SPV in a single tranche were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially in 
proportion to their respective interests. 
In 2009 the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. ("Banca Italease"). 
The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. ("Release") and 
Alba Leasing S.p.A. ("Alba Leasing"). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of Banca Italease were 
contributed to these companies: in particular its impaired assets went to Release, while its performing loans deriving 
from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In June 2010 BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. ("BPS") transferred control over Arca Vita to Unipol 
Gruppo S.p.A. ("Unipol Group"). 
In February 2012 BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of the 
company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on trust 
matters.  
In November 2012 the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER took place. 
In January 2013 BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, BPLS 
and BPA (hereinafter, the "Merged Companies") into BPER.  
In February 2013 BPER completed a process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. ("CR 
Bra"). 
In 2014 the absorption by BPER of three further subsidiary banks, such as Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, Banca 
della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna, took place.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
In 2016 BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. ("Banca di Sassari") – originally a 
subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. ("Banco di Sardegna") – with the view to allowing Banca di 
Sassari to focus on consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di 
Sassari changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A ("Bibanca"). 
In October 2016 BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. ("CR 
Saluzzo"). 
In June 2017 BPER performed the acquisition from the Single Resolution Fund of 100% of the share capital of Nuova 
Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. ("Nuova Carife"), which was merged into BPER in November 2017. 
Also taking into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the 2018 SREP Decision, 
BPER Group's non-performing exposure strategy provided for the sale of bad loans ("NPL") at a Group level, since 
2018, through several securitisation transactions. 
In July 2019 BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. and Veneto Banca S.p.A. (both in LCA 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa)), which in turn holds all the shares of Arca Fondi SGR. 
In July 2019 BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital and a 
stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds the equivalent to 
99.479% of the entire share capital of Banco di Sardegna, consisting of ordinary and preference shares. 
In July 2019 BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. ("Unipol Banca") from Unipol Group and UnipolSai 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. ("UnipolSai"). 
With effect from 25 November 2019 the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was 
completed. 
In July 2020 BPER the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER took place. 
In 2020 BPER entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ("ISP") pursuant to which BPER purchased 
a going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million clients, distributed on the relevant banking branches of the 
former UBI Banca S.p.A. ("UBI"). 
In April 2020 BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, the proposal to grant the 
Board of Directors the power to increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in 
order to fund the transaction with ISP. 
The transfer to BPER of the acquired business units took place in the first half of 2021. 
In 2021 the BPER Group completed a further massive sale of non-performing loans, by means of a securitisation 
transaction in compliance with the requirements and to be assisted by the Italian State guarantee scheme (GACS). 
Starting from 2021, the BPER Group also executed several sales of portfolios classified as "unlikely-to-pay" 
("UTP"). 
In June 2022 BPER executed the acquisition of the Banca Carige S.p.A. Group ("Carige Group"). As a consequence, 
inter alia, Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. ("BCP") and Banca del Monte di Lucca S.p.A. ("BML") – formerly included 
into the Carige Group – became part of the BPER’s Group. 
The merger by absorption of Banca Carige S.p.A. ("Banca Carige" or "Carige") and BML into BPER took place in 
November 2022.  
In November 2023 a merger became effective by absorption of Optima S.p.A. Società di Intermediazione Mobiliare 
("Optima SIM") into BCP, with the latter taking over all of Optima SIM's legal relationships, assets and liabilities.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
The merger was aimed at further concentrating the BPER's Group Wealth Management & Asset Management 
business lines within BCP. 
In January 2024 the BPER Group and the Gardant Group (now doValue) finalised an agreement on the establishment 
of a strategic partnership for the management of non-performing loans held by BPER and Banco di Sardegna. As a 
result two servicing agreements on the management and recovery of loans classified as both UTP and NPL, held by 
BPER and Banco di Sardegna, were entered into. 
Strategy 
New 2024-2027 Business Plan 
On 30 May 2024 BPER Banca’s Board of Directors agreed on the early closure of the 2022-2025 Group Business 
Plan, as at 31 December 2024. The decision was taken in light of the earlier-than-planned achievement of the main 
economic and financial targets, which were attained thanks to the Group's performance and favourable market 
conditions. 
The Board of Directors consequently vested the Chief Executive Officer, not least in consideration of the changed 
macroeconomic scenario, to prepare a new business plan for the 2024-2027 period (the “New 2024-2027 Business 
Plan”), to be submitted to the approval of the Board of Directors and presented to the market in October 2024. 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan is built on three strategic pillars: 
1. 
“Unleash our clients’ full-value” with tailor-made products for BPER’s retail and private banking clients, 
leveraging on the new wealth management set-up, as well as supporting corporate clients with tailor-made 
banking solutions through the new corporate product factory.  
In this respect, with reference to retail banking clients, BPER will (i) enhance the distribution of insurance 
products (life, health and non-life insurance) via digitalised offering and by integrating bancassurance in the 
Group “Customer Relationship Management”, to improve commercial efficiency, (ii) enhance consumer 
finance via a digitalized product proposition, making the most of AI and GenAI optimised processes, and 
ensure selective growth in salary-backed loans through a new branch sales process, (iii) leverage its digital 
channels, and seize cross-selling opportunities leveraging its leading position in mortgages, in particular on 
new origination. Furthermore, BPER’s new “Omnichannel Service Model” will drive higher revenues through 
increased productivity and costs optimisation leveraging a number of drivers. 
In relation to private banking clients and wealth management, BPER will launch three main initiatives: (i) 
enhance clients’ asset allocation, (ii) boost Banca Private Cesare Ponti private bankers’ productivity, and (iii) 
strengthen BPER’s network of financial advisors. 
In relation to corporate banking clients, BPER will increase the share of wallet of its existing clients, paving 
the way for further businesses through its wide-ranging product proposition and its strategic partnerships, by 
four main initiatives: (i) growth in global transaction banking, an important source of steady, capital-light fee 
and commission income; the Group will enhance its export financing proposition via partnerships with leading 
export credit agencies, whilst expanding its network of correspondent banks worldwide, (ii) focus on 
structured finance and capital markets services, also leveraging the partnership with third-party operators, (iii) 
boost of protection product offering, capitalizing BPER’s strategic partnership with the Unipol group, (iv) 
scale-up of a capital-light business model with an originate-to-distribute strategy; 
 
2. 
“Capture our latent economies of scale”, by increasing workforce productivity (through new omnichannel 
service model and artificial intelligence/generative artificial intelligence enabled process optimization and 
automation), up-skilling initiatives and insourcing key operational activities, while reducing administrative 
costs. In particular, the increase of BPER’s workforce productivity will be sustained by a strategic shift in 
sales channels and a material increase of operational efficiency. Furthermore, the zero-based external cost

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
optimization initiative will be pervasive throughout the Issuer, including, for example, real estate space 
optimization, IT maintenance & running services and general external services; and 
 
3. 
“Leverage our strong balance sheet”, by improving and modernising credit risk and capital management. 
The Plan focuses on credit risk management and balance sheet strength in order to optimize the allocation of 
Risk Weighted Assets and remunerate BPER’s shareholders while maintaining an important level of CET1 
ratio. In particular, BPER’s intention is growing its loan book without any deterioration of its key risk 
indicators and focusing on the modernisation of its credit and capital management process.  BPER will be 
enhancing the management of debt collection to improve asset quality, leveraging early warning mechanisms 
that are fed into by machine learning-driven processes and best-in-class debt collection strategy thanks to the 
partnership with Gardant. 
Furthermore, BPER aims at completing its modernisation process. Such modernisation process will be pervasive 
across the Group and will ensure the successful and flawless execution of all strategic pillars via three main enablers: 
Technology, Security and AI, ESG and Sustainability commitment and Organization & People.  
Extraordinary transactions 
Additional Tier 1 bond issuance 
In January 2024 BPER announced that it had placed an Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond issuance, callable from year 
5, for a total principal amount of Euro 500 million (the “Notes”). 
The Notes, reserved for institutional investors, were priced at par, with a fixed coupon until July 2029, payable semi-
annually. If not called by BPER, the new fixed-rate coupon will be determined by adding a reset spread to the 5-year 
mid swap rate in euro as at the reset date and would remain fixed for the following 5 years (until the next recalculation 
date).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 June 2024 is as shown here below.  
SITUATION AS AT 30 JUNE 2024 
 
 
 
Key to the BPER Banca Group Structure: 
 
Group Banks 
Other financial companies 
      Real estate companies  
(a) Equivalent to 99.479% of the entire Share Capital consisting of 
ordinary and preference shares. 
(b) Subsidiaries consolidated under the equity method. 
(c) Subsidiary company which is not included in the Banking Group since it 
does not contribute directly to its activities. 
St. Anna Gestione Golf Società Sportiva Dilettantistica s.r.l., a subsidiary of 
BPER REOCO through St. Anna Golf s.r.l., was excluded from the scope of 
consolidation as it was considered non-significant. 
(*) Effective 1 July 2024, the company was merged by absorption into BPER 
Real Estate S.p.A. 
The scope of consolidation also includes the following subsidiaries which are not 
included in the Banking Group, since they do not contribute directly to its activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the equity method. 
Subsidiaries of the Parent Company: 
– Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
– Commerciale Piccapietra S.r.l. (100%). 
Indirect subsidiares of BPER Banca, through Bper Reoco S.p.A.: 
– Annia S.r.l. (100%); 
– Sant’Anna Golf S.r.l. (100%). 
 
  Other companies

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di Sardegna. 
As at 30 June 2024, Banco di Sardegna employed 1,876 staff and had 286 branches; its direct deposits amounted to 
Euro 11,771,413 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 6,077,161 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 
65,620 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.697 and 20.522 per cent. of 
the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2024, Bibanca employed 221 staff and had no branches; its total 
direct deposits amounted to Euro 257,956 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) whilst net profit was Euro 
30,173 thousand. 
Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banca Cesare Ponti. 
As at 30 June 2024, Banca Cesare Ponti employed 582 staff and had 2 branches; its direct deposits amounted to Euro 
1,309,719 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 25,960,896 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 17,940 
thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
As at 30 June 2024, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 30 staff and had 1 branch; its direct deposits amounted 
to Euro 289,827 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 672,944 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 4,127 
thousand. 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the Chairperson).  
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Fabio Cerchiai 
Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Antonio Cabras 
Deputy Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Matteo Cordero di Montezemolo 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Angela Maria Cossellu 
Director 
19/04/2024

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Piercarlo Giuseppe Italo Gera 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Andrea Mascetti 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Stefano Rangone 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Fulvio Solari 
Director 
19/04/2024 
Elisa Valeriani 
Director 
23/06/2021 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports is: 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are referred to as 
Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the BPER Articles of Association to meet monthly and at any other time 
when a meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all the powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under the 
BPER Articles of Association. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee1, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the General Managers such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it shall 
consider appropriate. 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other duties 
concerning the members of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior 
Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted to the competent corporate 
bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance with the laws and regulations in 
force. 
 
 
1 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as amended 
and Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and managing potential 
conflicts of interest that may arise from, among others, any activities of the members of the Issuer’s administrative, 
management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives outside of the Issuer, to ensure, where possible, 
that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to guarantee that related party transactions are performed 
in compliance with all relevant requirements of law. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal document called 
"Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest with related 
parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favourable opinion of the committee composed of 
independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, the transparency and substantial 
and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated parties and related parties. The 
aforementioned policy is published on BPER's website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Bank, as 
well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to below, aimed at 
regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) article 53 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the obligation of 
abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, without prejudice 
to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the adoption of a 
particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken unanimously with the exclusion 
of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favourable vote of all the members of the control body) 
in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind or carries out transactions, directly or indirectly, with 
those who carry out administration, management and control functions within the same bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the Financial Law, which states that directors are required to report to the board of statutory 
auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, or which are 
influenced by the person exercising the management and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the board of 
statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they have in a specific 
company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of the administration concerned is 
the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out the transaction. In any case, the resolution 
of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and convenience for the company of the transaction; 
and 
(v) article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the applicable prudential 
supervisory provisions. 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Angelo Maria Giudici2 
 
Chairperson 
 
19/04/2024 
 
 
2  For further information see the paragraph “Recent Developments”.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Michele Rutigliano 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
19/04/2024 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
Shareholders 
As at 22 November 2024 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows3: 
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
15.06 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22 
JP Morgan Chase & Co. 
5.58 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s: 
Short-Term Bank Deposit Rating: P-2; 
Long-Term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa1 with "stable" outlook; 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment ("BCA"): baa3; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Senior Non-Preferred Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba1 with "stable" outlook. 
S&P: 
Stand Alone Credit Profile: BBB-; 
 
 
3 Source: www.consob.it/web.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating: A-3; 
Long-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: A-2; 
Outlook: Positive. 
Fitch: 
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating: BBB- with "stable" outlook; 
Short-Term Issuer Default Rating: F3; 
Viability Rating: bbb-; 
Long-Term Senior Preferred Rating: BBB-; 
Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Rating: BB+; 
Subordinated Debt: BB; 
Long-Term Deposit Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Deposit Rating: F3. 
Morningstar DBRS: 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Issuer Rating: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Senior Debt: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Debt: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Senior Non-Preferred Debt: BBB (low) with "positive" trend; 
Subordinated Debt: BB (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Deposits: BBB (high) with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Deposits: R-1 (low) with "stable" trend. 
Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") and DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") is established in the European

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Moody's, S&P, Fitch and 
Morningstar DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with 
the EU CRA Regulation. 
Overview 
The underlying objective of the BPER Group is being a benchmark for business and households and supporting local 
economic growth focusing on digital transformation, innovation of processes and products, new internationalisation 
strategies and a renewed commitment to social responsibility. 
Thanks to  merger and acquisition’s transactions over the years, the BPER Group is today the country’s third largest 
listed banking group in terms of overall funding and number of branches and, through its investee companies, it is 
active in all major segments of the banking and investment services market: 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking; 
• 
Private Banking & Wealth Management; 
• 
Bancassurance (mainly through the placement of third-party products); 
• 
Leasing; 
• 
Factoring; 
• 
Lending to retail customers. 
The BPER Group is present in all Italian regions, with a network of 1,634 branches nationwide as at 30 June 2024 
in addition to a branch in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of subsidiary BPER Bank of Luxembourg S.A. This 
network is now complemented by the 112 Private Banking Centres of Banca Cesare Ponti, following the transfer of 
the Private Banking business by BPER to its subsidiary in the first half of 2024. 
As at 30 June 2024, net interest income comes to Euro 1,682 million (Euro 3,252 million as at 31 December 2023). 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2023, the Group’s network consisted of 1,635 branches located throughout the country, as well as a 
branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 142,128,359 thousand. 
As at 30 June 2024 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,634 branches throughout the country, as well as a branch 
office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 139,397,353 thousand. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 20,224 persons as at 31 December 2023. 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s employees. 
Employees 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
17,023 
17,622 
(599) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
30 
29 
1 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
221 
217 
4 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
1,876 
1,931 
(55) 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
582 
76 
506 
Total banks 
19,732 
19,875 
(143) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
340 
349 
(9) 
Balance sheet total 
20,072 
20,224 
(152) 
 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
Branches 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,346 
1,347 
(1)

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
286 
286 
- 
3. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
2 
2 
- 
Total Italian banks 
1,634 
1,635 
(1) 
4. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1 
1 
- 
Total 
1,635 
1,636 
(1) 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
Other operating expense / income 
100,737 
328,532 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Loans to customer 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
- of which net bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
Net interbank position 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
Financial assets 
28,600,425 
30,665,767 
Total assets 
142,128,359 
152,302,794 
Direct deposits 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
Indirect deposits 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
- of which managed 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
- of which administered 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
2023 
2022 
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
(3,419,544) 
12,793,995 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
(314,078) 
(17,069) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
(178,373) 
(85,502) 
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
(3,911,995) 
12,691,424 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 as 
previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. Investors 
should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider these measures as

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
(a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting 
principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash flows from operating, investing or 
financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), or as a measure of 
BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to any other measures of performance under generally 
accepted accounting principles. These measures are not indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor 
are they meant to be indicative of future results. These measures are used by management to monitor the underlying 
performance of the business and the operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical 
manner, BPER Group’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. 
Therefore, investors should not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios4 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2023 
20225 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
62.07% 
59.86% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
74.28% 
79.40% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.12% 
20.13% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.44% 
3.20% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.18% 
1.41% 
Texas Ratio 
21.82% 
32.29% 
Profitability ratios 
ROE 
24.15% 
7.94% 
ROTE 
23.94% 
8.30% 
ROA 
1.24% 
0.35% 
Cost to income ratio 
56.01% 
65.47% 
Cost of credit 
0.48% 
0.64% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority interests) 
plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year (only recurring component of Euro 1,731.1 million) on average 
shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the net profit for the 
year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ 
equity (i) including net profit for the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 million) 
stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and (ii) excluding intangible assets and equity instruments. 
ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year including net profit pertaining to minority interests (only recurring 
component of Euro 1,763.6 million) on total assets. The Cost to income ratio is calculated on the basis of the 
reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the schedules 
provided by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is at 59.34% (73.17% at 31 
December 2022 as per the Consolidated Financial Report for the year ending 31 December 2022). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers as at 
31 December 2023. 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
31.12.2023 
20226 
 
 
4 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance measures”, aimed 
at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses or regulated information. To 
construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the reclassified statements. 
5  The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022. 
6  The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 December 2022.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
Leverage ratio 
5.5% 
4.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
160.9% 
195.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
128.4% 
127.3% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended 
by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2024 and 2023. 
Performance ratios7 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2024 
20238 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
63.82% 
62.07% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
75.67% 
74.28% 
Financial assets/total assets 
19.04% 
20.12% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.76% 
2.44% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.32% 
1.18% 
Texas Ratio 
22.78% 
21.82% 
Profitability ratios 
ROE 
16.22% 
24.15% 
ROTE 
16.47% 
23.94% 
ROA 
1.03% 
1.24% 
Cost/income ratio 
56.91% 
50.59% 
Cost of credit 
0.20% 
0.30% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority interests) 
plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period (only the recurring component of Euro 697.7 million) 
on the Group’s average shareholders’ equity not including net profit. 
ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the annualised net profit for the period (solely the recurring component of 
Euro 697.7 million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ equity: 
i) 
including net profit for the period (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 697.7 million) stripped 
of the portion allocated to dividends and then annualised and 
ii) 
excluding intangible assets and equity instruments. 
 
 
7 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance measures”, aimed 
at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses or regulated information. To 
construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the reclassified statements. 
8  The comparative balance sheet ratios, together with ROE, ROTE and ROA, have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2023 as per the 
Integrated Report and the Consolidated Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, while income statement ratios 
have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
ROA has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period including net profit pertaining to minority interests 
(only recurring component of Euro 714.8 million) on total assets. 
The Cost/Income ratio is calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income), if calculated on the basis of recurring results (operating costs amounting to Euro 1,395.9 million), the same 
indicator totals 50.61%. When calculated on the basis of the accounting schedules envisaged by the 8th update of 
Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to Income ratio amounts to 61.05% (vs. 54.71% as at 30 June 2023). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers as at 
30 June 2024. The annualised cost of risk for the first half of the year is 41 bps, down from 48 bps in financial year 
ended on 31 December 2023. 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2024 
20239 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
Leverage ratio 
6.1% 
5.5% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
161.4% 
160.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
134.6% 
128.4% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as 
amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
 
 
 
 
9  The comparative balance sheet ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2023 as per the Integrated Report and the Consolidated 
Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, while income statement ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 
2023.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the loans of the BPER 
Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts 
5,453,933 
5,482,779 
(28,846) 
-0.53 
Mortgage loans 
62,120,911 
62,952,434 
(831,523) 
-1.32 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
4,254 
(4,254) 
-100.00 
Leases and factoring 
5,134,789 
5,051,671 
83,118 
1.65 
Other transactions 
15,514,721 
17,683,697 
(2,168,976) 
-12.27 
Net loans to customers 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,224.4 million (Euro 91,174.8 million at 31 December 2022), 
down by Euro 2,950.5 million compared to 31 December 2022. In terms of the various technical forms, the reduction 
of mortgages totalled Euro -831.5 million (-1.32%), Euro -28.8 million (-0.53%) on current accounts and Euro -
2,169.0 million (-12.27%) on other transactions, the latter due primarily to the reduction of stage one and stage two 
Other loans of BPER Banca attributable primarily to subject to collection advances, deposits at Cassa Depositi e 
Prestiti, in addition to other subsidies totalling Euro 2,041.3 million. The reduction in loans to businesses and 
households is primarily reflective of the slowdown in demand due to increased interest rates and the increased 
perception of uncertainty in the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,197,089 
2,991,445 
(794,356) 
-26.55 
Bad loans 
632,013 
961,093 
(329,080) 
-34.24 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,353,554 
1,871,880 
(518,326) 
-27.69 
Past due loans 
211,522 
158,472 
53,050 
33.48 
Gross performing exposures 
87,834,438 
90,589,650 
(2,755,212) 
-3.04 
Total gross exposure 
90,031,527 
93,581,095 
(3,549,568) 
-3.79 
Impairment losses on non-performing exposures 
1,153,879 
1,706,790 
(552,911) 
-32.39 
Bad loans 
457,424 
740,176 
(282,752) 
-38.20 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
638,689 
916,779 
(278,090) 
-30.33 
Past due loans 
57,766 
49,835 
7,931 
15.91 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
653,294 
699,470 
(46,176) 
-6.60 
Total impairment losses 
1,807,173 
2,406,260 
(599,087) 
-24.90 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,043,210 
1,284,655 
(241,445) 
-18.79 
Bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
(46,328) 
-20.97 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
714,865 
955,101 
(240,236) 
-25.15 
Past due loans 
153,756 
108,637 
45,119 
41.53 
Net performing exposures 
87,181,144 
89,890,180 
(2,709,036) 
-3.01 
Total net exposure 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
At 31 December 2023, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,153.9 million (Euro 
1,706.8 million at 31 December 2022; -32.39%), for a coverage ratio of 52.52% (57.06% at 31 December 2022), 
while the provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 653.3 million (Euro 699.5 million at 31 December 2022; 
-6.60%) and give a coverage ratio of to 0.74% (0.77% at 31 December 2022). 
Therefore, the overall level of credit coverage came to 2.01%, down compared to 2.57% as at 31 December 2022 as 
a result of the measures taken on the non- performing portfolio, as described in more detail below. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
% Net 
% Coverage ratio

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
change 
change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
82,120,863 
80,376,740 
-4.51 
-4.18 
1.78 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
320,045 
313,955 
212,805 
207,092 
50.39 
51.60 
1.90 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
3,100,919 
3,053,192 
12.12 
12.40 
1.29 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
7,317,602 
7,021,175 
-4.15 
-1.63 
1.52 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
39,932 
39,678 
43,128 
42,900 
-7.41 
-7.51 
0.64 
Total banks 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
92,795,317 
90,701,099 
-3.80 
-3.30 
1.74 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
3,659,519 
3,385,856 
-8.03 
-6.96 
6.40 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
1,948,903 
1,922,148 
12.38 
12.40 
1.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
470,076 
461,403 
653,101 
641,477 
-28.02 
-28.07 
1.85 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
271 
271 
263 
263 
3.04 
3.04 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
(5,476,008) 
(5,476,008) 
-3.95 
-3.95 
- 
adjustments 
 
 
 
Balance sheet total 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
93,581,095 
91,174,835 
-3.79 
-3.24 
2.01 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,695,781 
854,646 
2,179,899 
1,017,486 
-22.21 
-16.00 
49.60 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
7,910 
2,583 
9,540 
4,402 
-17.09 
-41.32 
67.35 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
65,018 
36,363 
58,166 
28,853 
11.78 
26.03 
44.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
128,821 
65,352 
328,032 
86,098 
-60.73 
-24.10 
49.27 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
626 
455 
567 
407 
10.41 
11.79 
27.32 
Total banks 
1,898,156 
959,399 
2,576,204 
1,137,246 
-26.32 
-15.64 
49.46 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
247,152 
61,743 
363,043 
123,902 
-31.92 
-50.17 
75.02 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
44,835 
19,522 
42,474 
20,036 
5.56 
-2.57 
56.46 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,946 
2,546 
9,724 
3,471 
-28.57 
-26.65 
63.35 
Balance sheet total 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
2,991,445 
1,284,655 
-26.55 
-18.79 
52.52 
Non-performing loans (balance 
sheet total)/Loans to customers 
2.44% 
1.18% 
3.20% 
1.41% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,043.2 million (-18.79% on 31 December 2022), equal to 1.18% of total 
net loans to customers (1.41% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing loans to 
loans to customers is 2.44% (3.20% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 52.52% has decreased compared with 31 December 2022 (57.06%). As 
stated, the decrease in the average coverage of non- performing loans is mainly due to the disposals made during the 
year (notably UTPs) and the partial write-off of Euro 335 million of bad loans. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
chang
e 
% 
Coverag
e ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
404,839 
138,96
4 
453,215 
120,126 
-10.67 
15.68 
65.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,683 
13 
430 
- 
291.40 
n.s. 
99.23 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
6,023 
1,654 
15,445 
2,773 
-61.00 
-40.35 
72.54 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
25,258 
7,455 
210,965 
35,961 
-88.03 
-79.27 
70.48 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
9 
3 
163 
81 
-94.48 
-96.30 
66.67 
Total banks 
437,812 
148,08
9 
680,218 
158,941 
-35.64 
-6.83 
66.18 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
167,158 
22,443 
252,746 
56,907 
-33.86 
-60.56 
86.57 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
24,267 
3,289 
23,632 
3,834 
2.69 
-14.21 
86.45 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,776 
768 
4,497 
1,235 
-38.27 
-37.81 
72.33 
Balance sheet total 
632,013 
174,58
9 
961,093 
220,917 
-34.24 
-20.97 
72.38 
Bad loans (Balance sheet total)/ 
Loans to customers 
0.70% 
0.20% 
1.03% 
0.24%

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 174.6 million (-20.97% compared with 31 December 2022), accounting for 0.20% 
of total net loans to customers (0.24% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad loans on total 
loans to customers ratio comes to 0.70% (1.03% at 31 December 2022). 
The level of coverage of bad loans is 72.38% (77.01% at 31 December 2022). In addition to the partial write-offs 
already outlined (made by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca), the reduction in bad loans of the 
subsidiaries Banco di Sardegna and Sardaleasing is mainly attributable to disposals on the market, amounting to 
Euro 125.1 million and Euro 37.5 million, respectively. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
chang
e 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,171,617 
623,658 
1,629,038 
830,228 
-28.08 
-24.88 
46.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
5,837 
2,287 
7,445 
3,223 
-21.60 
-29.04 
60.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
28,406 
15,803 
13,243 
8,274 
114.50 
91.00 
44.37 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
83,072 
42,740 
99,489 
37,152 
-16.50 
15.04 
48.55 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
450 
317 
404 
326 
11.39 
-2.76 
29.56 
Total banks 
1,289,382 
684,805 
1,749,619 
879,203 
-26.30 
-22.11 
46.89 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
54,487 
25,732 
100,363 
58,951 
-45.71 
-56.35 
52.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,741 
3,212 
18,182 
15,581 
-62.92 
-79.39 
52.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,944 
1,116 
3,716 
1,366 
-20.78 
-18.30 
62.09 
Balance sheet total 
1,353,554 
714,865 
1,871,880 
955,101 
-27.69 
-25.15 
47.19 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.50% 
0.81% 
2.00% 
1.05% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 714.9 million (-25.15% compared with 31 December 2022), representing 0.81% 
of total net loans to customers (1.05% at 31 December 2022), while on a gross basis the ratio is 1.50% (2.00% at 31 
December 2022). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to 47.19%, compared with 48.98% as at 31 December 2022, due to 
the disposals completed during the year. In addition to the disposals related to the framework agreement entered into 
with Gardant and AMCO (Euro 900 million), BPER Banca disposed of single name UTPs of Euro 175.6 million, 
while the subsidiary Sardaleasing made disposals of Euro 39.6 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Past due loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
chang
e 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
119,325 
92,024 
97,646 
67,132 
22.20 
37.08 
22.88 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
390 
283 
1,665 
1,179 
-76.58 
-76.00 
27.44 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,589 
18,906 
29,478 
17,806 
3.77 
6.18 
38.19 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
20,491 
15,157 
17,578 
12,985 
16.57 
16.73 
26.03 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
167 
135 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
19.16 
Total banks 
170,962 
126,50
5 
146,367 
99,102 
16.80 
27.65 
26.00 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
25,507 
13,568 
9,934 
8,044 
156.76 
68.67 
46.81 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
13,827 
13,021 
660 
621 
-- 
-- 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,226 
662 
1,511 
870 
-18.86 
-23.91 
46.00 
Balance sheet total 
211,522 
153,75
6 
158,472 
108,637 
33.48 
41.53 
27.31 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.23% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.12% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 153.8 million (+41.53% compared with 31 December 2022) represents 
0.17% of total net loans to customers (0.12% at 31 December 2022), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past due 
loans to total loans to customers is 0.23% (0.17% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
The coverage of past due loans is 27.31% (31.45% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of economic 
activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
31.12.2023 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,008,449 
1.14 
B. Mining and quarrying 
70,913 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
13,075,134 
14.82 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,379 
1.16 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
788,773 
0.89 
F. Construction 
2,981,804 
3.38 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
7,145,301 
8.10 
H. Transport and storage 
1,445,828 
1.64 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,690,069 
1.92 
J. Information and communication 
1,108,040 
1.26 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
223,827 
0.25 
L. Real estate 
3,871,542 
4.39 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,608,378 
2.96 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,261,397 
1.43 
P. Education 
51,730 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
583,681 
0.66 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
193,290 
0.22 
S. Other services 
805,117 
0.90 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,933,652 
45.26 
Individuals and other not included above 
41,454,207 
46.99 
Financial companies 
4,021,084 
4.56 
Insurance 
97,349 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,718,062 
3.08 
Total loans 
88,224,354 
100.00

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,962.5 million (Euro 88,224.4 million at 31 December 
2023), up by Euro 738.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. Among the various type of products, the reduction 
in the balance of current accounts was Euro -567.9 million (-10.41%) and leases and factoring transactions were 
down by Euro -302.3 million (-5.89%). An increase was instead registered in mortgage loans by Euro 497.4 million 
(+0.80%) and other transactions by Euro 1,110.9 million (+7.16%), driven by new bullet-type loan originations for 
corporate customers. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,513,248 
2,197,089 
316,159 
14.39 
Bad loans 
710,115 
632,013 
78,102 
12.36 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,652,826 
1,353,554 
299,272 
22.11 
Past due loans 
150,307 
211,522 
(61,215) 
-28.94 
Gross performing exposures 
88,426,536 
87,834,438 
592,098 
0.67 
Total gross exposure 
90,939,784 
90,031,527 
908,257 
1.01 
Impairment losses on non-performing exposures 
1,339,169 
1,153,879 
185,290 
16.06 
Bad loans 
494,211 
457,424 
36,787 
8.04 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
802,678 
638,689 
163,989 
25.68 
Past due loans 
42,280 
57,766 
(15,486) 
-26.81 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
638,127 
653,294 
(15,167) 
-2.32 
Total impairment losses 
1,977,296 
1,807,173 
170,123 
9.41 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,174,079 
1,043,210 
130,869 
12.54 
Bad loans 
215,904 
174,589 
41,315 
23.66 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
850,148 
714,865 
135,283 
18.92 
Past due loans 
108,027 
153,756 
(45,729) 
-29.74 
Net performing exposures 
87,788,409 
87,181,144 
607,265 
0.70 
Total net exposure 
88,962,488 
88,224,354 
738,134 
0.84 
 
As at 30 June 2024, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,339.2 million (Euro 1,153.9 
million at 31 December 2023; +16.06%), for a coverage ratio of 53.28% (52.52% at 31 December 2023), while the 
provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 638.1 million (Euro 653.3 million at 31 December 2023; -2.32%) 
and give a non-performing coverage ratio of 0.72% (0.74% at 31 December 2023). 
The total coverage ratio is 2.17%, up compared with the figure as at 31 December 2023 (2.01%).  
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
79,246,571 
77,707,597 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
1.06 
0.89 
1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
241,401 
235,673 
320,045 
313,955 
-24.57 
-24.93 
2.37 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,702,675 
3,641,746 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
6.50 
6.11 
1.65 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,980,156 
6,855,346 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
-0.48 
-0.75 
1.79 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
65,714 
65,339 
39,932 
39,678 
64.56 
64.67 
0.57 
Total banks 
90,236,517 
88,505,701 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
1.09 
0.91 
1.92 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,265,623 
3,051,319 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
-2.97 
-3.13 
6.56 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
1,939,347 
1,915,233 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
-11.45 
-11.36 
1.24 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
433,293 
425,231 
470,076 
461,403 
-7.82 
-7.84 
1.86 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
- 
- 
271 
271 
-100.00 
-100.00 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(4,934,996) 
(4,934,996) 
 
 
 
 
adjustments 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
-6.17 
-6.17 
- 
Balance sheet total 
90,939,784 
88,962,488 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
1.01 
0.84 
2.17

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,983,696 
974,591 
1,695,781 
854,646 
16.98 
14.03 
50.87 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
8,161 
2,757 
7,910 
2,583 
3.17 
6.74 
66.22 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
79,261 
36,454 
65,018 
36,363 
21.91 
0.25 
54.01 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
154,767 
77,719 
128,821 
65,352 
20.14 
18.92 
49.78 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
511 
345 
626 
455 
-18.37 
-24.18 
32.49 
Total banks 
2,226,396 
1,091,866 
1,898,156 
959,399 
17.29 
13.81 
50.96 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
236,490 
57,304 
247,152 
61,743 
-4.31 
-7.19 
75.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
43,948 
22,465 
44,835 
19,522 
-1.98 
15.08 
48.88 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,414 
2,444 
6,946 
2,546 
-7.66 
-4.01 
61.90 
Balance sheet total 
2,513,248 
1,174,079 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
14.39 
12.54 
53.28 
Non-performing loans (balance 
sheet total)/Loans to customers 
2.76% 
1.32% 
2.44% 
1.18% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,174.1 million (+12.54% on 31 December 2023), equate to 1.32% of 
total net loans to customers (1.18% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing 
loans to loans to customers equates to 2.76% (2.44% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 53.28% has increased compared with 31 December 2023 (52.52%). 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
479,899 
178,95
9 
404,839 
138,964 
18.54 
28.78 
62.71 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,728 
20 
1,683 
13 
2.67 
53.85 
98.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
11,539 
3,038 
6,023 
1,654 
91.58 
83.68 
73.67 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
33,379 
9,580 
25,258 
7,455 
32.15 
28.50 
71.30 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
56 
15 
9 
3 
522.22 
400.00 
73.21 
Total banks 
526,601 
191,61
2 
437,812 
148,089 
20.28 
29.39 
63.61 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
161,538 
22,202 
167,158 
22,443 
-3.36 
-1.07 
86.26 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
19,564 
1,412 
24,267 
3,289 
-19.38 
-57.07 
92.78 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,412 
678 
2,776 
768 
-13.11 
-11.72 
71.89 
Balance sheet total 
710,115 
215,90
4 
632,013 
174,589 
12.36 
23.66 
69.60 
Bad loans (Balance sheet total)/ 
Loans to customers 
0.78% 
0.24% 
0.70% 
0.20% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 215.9 million (+23.66% compared with 31 December 2023), accounting for 0.24% 
of total net loans to customers (0.20% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of bad loans to 
total loans to customers comes to 0.78% (0.70% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of bad loans is 69.60%, down from 72.38% as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
chang
e 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,430,706 
743,57
2 
1,171,617 
623,658 22.11 
19.23 
48.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
5,881 
2,331 
5,837 
2,287 
0.75 
1.92 
60.36 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
37,615 
14,592 
28,406 
15,803 
32.42 
-7.66 
61.21 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
101,536 
54,110 
83,072 
42,740 22.23 
26.60 
46.71 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
331 
225 
450 
317 -26.44 
-29.02 
32.02 
Total banks 
1,576,069 
814,83
0 
1,289,382 
684,805 
22.23 
18.99 
48.30 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
67,988 
30,363 
54,487 
25,732 
24.78 
18.00 
55.34

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,283 
4,007 
6,741 
3,212 
-6.79 
24.75 
36.22 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,486 
948 
2,944 
1,116 -15.56 
-15.05 
61.87 
Balance sheet total 
1,652,826 
850,14
8 
1,353,554 
714,865 
22.11 
18.92 
48.56 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.82% 
0.96% 
1.50% 
0.81% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 850.1 million (+18.92% on 31 December 2023), representing 0.96% of total net 
loans to customers (0.81% at 31 December 2023), while, on a gross basis, the ratio is 1.82% (1.50% at 31 December 
2023). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased to 48.56%, compared with 47.19% at 31 December 2023. 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Past due loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
73,091 
52,060 
119,325 
92,024 
-38.75 
-43.43 
28.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
552 
406 
390 
283 
41.54 
43.46 
26.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,107 
18,824 
30,589 
18,906 
-1.58 
-0.43 
37.48 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
19,852 
14,029 
20,491 
15,157 
-3.12 
-7.44 
29.33 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
124 
105 
167 
135 
-25.75 
-22.22 
15.32 
Total banks 
123,726 
85,424 
170,962 
126,505 
-27.63 
-32.47 
30.96 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
6,964 
4,739 
25,507 
13,568 
-72.70 
-65.07 
31.95 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
18,101 
17,046 
13,827 
13,021 
30.91 
30.91 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,516 
818 
1,226 
662 
23.65 
23.56 
46.04 
Balance sheet total 
150,307 
108,02
7 
211,522 
153,756 
-28.94 
-29.74 
28.13 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.17% 
0.12% 
0.23% 
0.17% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 108.0 million (-29.74% compared with 31 December 2023) represents 
0.12% of total net loans to customers (0.17% at 31 December 2023), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past due 
loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.23% at 31 December 2023). The coverage of past due loans is 28.13% 
(27.31% at 31 December 2023).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of economic 
activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
30.06.2024 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,007,811 
1.13 
B. Mining and quarrying 
75,900 
0.09 
C. Manufacturing 
13,061,946 
14.68 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,882 
1.15 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
780,146 
0.88 
F. Construction 
2,765,048 
3.11 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,949,330 
7.81 
H. Transport and storage 
1,478,323 
1.66 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,594,258 
1.79 
J. Information and communication 
1,168,101 
1.31 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
80,085 
0.09 
L. Real estate 
3,692,517 
4.15 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,896,794 
3.26 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,313,820 
1.48 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2 
- 
P. Education 
48,539 
0.05 
Q. Health and welfare 
552,996 
0.62 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
204,358 
0.23 
S. Other services 
637,416 
0.72 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,328,272 
44.21 
Individuals and other not included above 
42,035,321 
47.24 
Financial companies 
4,706,161 
5.29 
Insurance 
94,215 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,798,519 
3.15 
Total loans 
88,962,488 
100.00

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the net interbank 
position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
10,938,266 
16,058,404 
(5,120,138) 
-31.88 
- Loans 
1,661,081 
2,885,583 
(1,224,502) 
-42.44 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
76,611 
234,376 
(157,765) 
-67.31 
2. Repurchase agreements 
302,711 
358,702 
(55,991) 
-15.61 
3. Compulsory reserve 
1,036,703 
1,347,747 
(311,044) 
-23.08 
4. Other 
245,056 
944,758 
(699,702) 
-74.06 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
9,277,185 
13,172,821 
(3,895,636) 
-29.57 
1. with Central Banks 
8,155,778 
12,706,014 
(4,550,236) 
-35.81 
2. with Banks 
1,121,407 
466,807 
654,600 
140.23 
B. Due to banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Total (A-B) 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
9,125,901 
-153.58 
 
The net interbank position as at 31 December 2023 improved by Euro 9,125.9 million compared to 31 December 2022. 
As at 31 December 2023, investments decreased in “overnight” deposits at Central Banks which, as at 31 December 
2023, amounted to Euro 8,155.8 million (-35.81% compared to 31 December 2022) due to lower cash and cash 
equivalents to be invested as a result of repayments at maturity of three tranches of TLTRO. 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
- Loans 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
2. Repurchase agreements 
3. Compulsory reserve 
4. Other 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
1.with Central Banks 
2. with Banks 
B. Due to banks 
9,441,736
1,573,342
37,550 
308,138 
993,111 
234,543 
7,868,394
7,555,713
312,681
5,334,790
10,938,266 
1,661,081 
76,611 
302,711 
1,036,703 
245,056 
9,277,185 
8,155,778 
1,121,407 
7,754,450 
(1,496,530) 
(87,739) 
(39,061) 
5,427 
(43,592) 
(10,513) 
(1,408,791) 
(600,065) 
(808,726) 
(2,419,660) 
-13.68
-5.28
-50.99
1.79
-4.20
-4.29
-15.19
-7.36
-72.12
-31.20
Total (A-B) 
4,106,946 
3,183,816 
923,130 
28.99
 
The net interbank position as at 30 June 2024 improved by Euro 923.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. As 
at 30 June 2024, a decrease was observed in “overnight” deposits with Central Banks which, as at 30 June 2024, 
amounted to Euro 7,555.7 million (-7.36% compared to 31 December 2023) due to lower cash and cash equivalents 
to be invested taking into account that the latest TLTRO tranche came to maturity in the first half of the year (Euro 
1,670 million).

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table shows BPER’s transactions with the ECB as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Refinancing operations with the European Central Bank 
Principal 
Maturity 
Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) - BPER 
Banca 
1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
1,670 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the BPER Group had TLTRO III loans outstanding for an amount of Euro 1,670 million. 
On 29 March 2023, the auction with value date 25 March 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 800 
million. 
On 28 June 2023, the auction with value date 24 June 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 9,700 
million. 
On 27 September 2023, the auction with value date 30 September 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of 
Euro 3,710 million. 
The following table shows BPER’s Counterbalancing Capacity as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
30,100 
8,587 
21,513 
- of which Securities and loans transferred 
to the Pooling Account 
8,430 
1,705 
6,725 
 
At 31 December 2023, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing 
at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 30,100 million (Euro 33,512 million 
at 30 September 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,513 million (Euro 22,659 million at 30 
September 2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 31 December 2023, a total of Euro 8,430 million, 
refinanced for Euro 1,705 million, therefore with Euro 6,725 million still available, is attributable to the Pooling 
Account (as at 30 September 2023 securities eligible for refinancing totalling Euro 11,227 million were held in the 
Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,688 million, therefore with Euro 9,539 million still available). 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Group has no TLTRO-III or other transactions in place with the ECB. 
The following table gives details of BPER's Counterbalancing Capacity as at 30 June 2024. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
26,192 
4,263 
21,929 
- of which Securities and loans transferred 
to the Pooling Account 
5,693 
- 
5,693 
 
At 30 June 2024, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing at the 
European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 26,192 million (Euro 30,100 million at 31 
December 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,929 million (Euro 21,513 million at 31 December 
2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 30 June 2024, a total of Euro 5,693 million, not refinanced and hence 
entirely available, is attributable to the Pooling account (as at 31 December 2023 securities eligible for refinancing 
totalling Euro 8,430 million were held in the Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,705 million, therefore with 
Euro 6,725 million still available).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the funding position 
of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
94,485,148 
102,489,461 
(8,004,313) 
-7.81 
Time deposits 
3,342,264 
1,221,563 
2,120,701 
173.61 
Repurchase agreements 
2,087,467 
- 
2,087,467 
n.s. 
Lease liabilities 
313,188 
349,651 
(36,463) 
-10.43 
Other short-term loans 
4,626,485 
3,354,268 
1,272,217 
37.93 
Bonds 
11,163,577 
6,307,775 
4,855,802 
76.98 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
10,528,372 
5,983,336 
4,545,036 
75.96 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
635,205 
324,439 
310,766 
95.79 
Certificates 
2,009,641 
879,198 
1,130,443 
128.58 
Certificates of deposit 
738,892 
229,116 
509,776 
222.50 
Direct deposits from customers 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
- of which under management 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
4,647,745 
7.67 
- of which under administration 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
5,498,298 
7.02 
Customer funds under administration 
267,787,903 
253,706,230 
14,081,673 
5.55 
Deposits from banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039
) 
-64.75 
Funds under administration or management 
275,542,353 
275,706,719 
(164,366) 
-0.06 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 118,766.7 million have increased by 3.43% since 31 December 2022. 
Among the various technical forms, the main item to record a negative balance change was current accounts and 
demand deposits, with Euro -8,004.3 million (-7.81%), which was more than offset by the increase in fixed-term 
forms of funding: time deposits of Euro 2,120.7 million, repurchase agreements of Euro 2,087.5 million, bonds of 
Euro 4,855.8 million (+76.98%), the latter as a result of new BPER Banca 2023 bond issues for institutional customers, 
and certificates for an amount of Euro 1,130.4 (+128.58%). 
Indirect deposits, marked to market, amount to Euro 149,021.2 million, up by Euro 10,146.0 million (7.31%) 
compared to 31 December 2022, given the positive effect on market prices. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 7,754.5 million) 
amount to Euro 275,542.4 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
106,131,423 
102,208,104 
3,923,319 
3.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
422,804 
603,465 
(180,661) 
-29.94 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
264,124 
262,666 
1,458 
0.56 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,964,113 
11,741,914 
222,199 
1.89 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
257,834 
289,381 
(31,547) 
-10.90 
Total banks 
119,040,298 
115,105,530 
3,934,768 
3.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(273,636) 
(274,498) 
862 
-0.31 
Total 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
The subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,681.2 million, have increased by 2.09% compared 
with 31 December 2022. As was the case in December 2022, there are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 
December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
127,758,364 
120,395,078 
7,363,286 
6.12 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,589,947 
1,623,374 
(33,427) 
-2.06 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
5,385,331 
4,444,970 
940,361 
21.16 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,023,505 
915,096 
108,409 
11.85 
Total banks 
135,757,147 
127,378,518 
8,378,629 
6.58 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
36,930,675 
31,804,032 
5,126,643 
16.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(23,666,581) 
(20,307,352) 
(3,359,229) 
16.54 
Total 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
92,906,925 
94,485,148 
(1,578,223) 
-1.67 
Time deposits 
3,841,928 
3,342,264 
499,664 
14.95 
Repurchase agreements 
1,660,349 
2,087,467 
(427,118) 
-20.46 
Lease liabilities 
423,893 
313,188 
110,705 
35.35 
Other liabilities 
5,545,578 
4,626,485 
919,093 
19.87 
Bonds 
9,472,231 
11,163,577 
(1,691,346) 
-15.15 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
8,928,242 
10,528,372 
(1,600,130) 
-15.20 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
543,989 
635,205 
(91,216) 
-14.36 
Certificates 
2,410,825 
2,009,641 
401,184 
19.96 
Certificates of deposit 
1,303,025 
738,892 
564,133 
76.35 
Direct deposits from customers 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10 
- of which under management 
68,582,707 
65,244,865 
3,337,842 
5.12 
- of which under custody 
89,525,196 
83,776,376 
5,748,820 
6.86 
Customer funds under custody 
275,672,657 
267,787,903 
7,884,754 
2.94 
Deposits from banks 
5,334,790 
7,754,450 
(2,419,660) 
-31.20 
Funds under custody or management 
281,007,447 
275,542,353 
5,465,094 
1.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 117,564.8 million have decreased by 1.01% since 31 December 2023. 
Among the various technical forms, the main items to record a negative balance change were: bonds for an amount 
of Euro -1,691.3 million (-15.15%) as a result of the repayment of some transactions with institutional counterparties; 
current accounts and demand deposits for an amount of Euro -1,578.2 million (-1.67%); repos for an amount of Euro 
-427.1 million (-20.46%). By contrast, time deposits were up by Euro 499.7 million (+14.95%), certificates were up 
by Euro 401.2 million (+19.96%) as a result of the new bond issuances of the Parent Company, BPER Banca, in the 
first half of 2024, certificates of deposit were up by Euro 564.1 million (+76.35%) and Other liabilities grew by Euro 
919.1 million (+19.87%) primarily in connection with short-term forms of funding (Cold Money). 
Indirect customer deposits, marked to market, amounted to Euro 158,107.9 million, up by Euro 9,086.7 million 
(+6.10%) compared to 31 December 2023, given the positive market trend recorded in the period. 
Total funds under custody or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 5,334.8 million) 
amount to Euro 281,007.4 million. 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
104,072,798 
106,131,423 
(2,058,625) 
-1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
289,827 
422,804 
(132,977) 
-31.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
257,956 
264,124 
(6,168) 
-2.34 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,771,413 
11,964,113 
(192,700) 
-1.61

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,309,719 
257,834 
1,051,885 
407.97 
Total banks 
117,701,713 
119,040,298 
(1,338,585) 
-1.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(136,959) 
(273,636) 
136,677 
-49.95 
Total 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
 
Direct funding includes subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
 
Subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,667.7 million, have decreased by 0.80% compared with 
31 December 2023. As was the case in December 2023, there are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 30 June 
2024. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
110,945,351 
127,758,364 
(16,813,013) 
-13.16 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
672,944 
1,589,947 
(917,003) 
-57.68 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,077,161 
5,385,331 
691,830 
12.85 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
25,960,896 
1,023,505 
24,937,391 
-- 
Total banks 
143,656,352 
135,757,147 
7,899,205 
5.82 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
39,669,265 
36,930,675 
2,738,590 
7.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(25,217,714) 
(23,666,581) 
(1,551,133) 
6.55 
Total 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment firms contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and in the 
2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV) of 20 May 2019, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the CRR2 
Regulation applies from 28 June 2021. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy’s Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates. 
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting purposes: 
companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to significant influence and 
consolidated under the equity method. 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Banca Group has internal models in use for measuring the capital requirements relating 
to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The perimeter includes: 
• 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca (ECB authorisation of 24 June 2016); 
• 
Banca Carige and subsidiaries (approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company on 7 July 2022 
and subsequently transmitted to the ECB); 
• 
former Cassa di risparmio di Saluzzo, former UBI Banca and former Unipol Banca (ECB authorisation of 
16 February 2023 29 June 2023)10. 
By decision dated 24 November 2023 (Identification for 2024 of other systemically important institutions authorized 
to operate in Italy), the Bank of Italy identified the Issuer as an “Other Systemically Important Institution” (“O-SII”) 
authorized to operate in Italy. Therefore, the Bank of Italy mandated the Issuer to apply a capital buffer of 0.125% of 
its total risk-weighted exposure from 1 January 2024 and of 0.25% from 1 January 2025. 
On 30 November 2023, after completing the annual SREP prudential review and evaluation process, BPER Banca 
received notification from the ECB of the latest prudential requirements to be met on a consolidated basis pursuant to 
art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013. 
Based on the outcome of the SREP assessment conducted in 2023 with reference date 31 December 2022 and any 
other relevant information received thereafter, the ECB has established that, with effect from 1 January 2024, BPER 
shall maintain a minimum consolidated capital ratio in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 of 8.54%, consisting of the 
sum of the minimum regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.38%11 and the 
Combined Buffer Requirement of 2.66%12. 
Capital requirements to be met by 30 June 2024 are listed below: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio: of 8.44%, being the sum of Pillar 1 minimum regulatory requirement 
pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (4.50%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in 
 
 
10  The former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo and former UBI Banca exposures fall under the new system starting from the Supervisory Reports as 
of 31 March 2023; the former Unipol exposures fall under the Supervisory Reports of 30 June 2023 
11  The Pillar 2 additional own funds requirement is 2.45% (including NPE P2R add-on equal to 0.20%) to be held in the form of 56.25% of 
CET1 capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. 
12  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer (0.03% as at 30 September 2023).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
accordance with art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.27%13), plus the combined 
buffer requirement in accordance with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national 
law (2.67%14); 
• 
Tier 1 Ratio: of 10.36%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 (6.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 
1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.69%15), plus the combined buffer requirement in accordance with art. 129-
131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%); 
• 
Total Capital Ratio: of 12.92%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (8.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 16 of Regulation 
(EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 2.25%), plus the combined buffer requirement in accordance with art. 
129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%). 
In accordance with regulations for the prudential supervision of banks, failure to comply with the CET1 Ratio and 
Total Capital Ratio minimum requirements would lead to limitations on the distribution of earnings and the need to 
adopt a plan for the conservation of capital. 
The amount of available equity (Fully Phased-in CET1) as at 30 June 2024 is quantified at Euro 3,644 million (roughly 
682 b.p. of CET1). 
With regard to the above, the CET1 amount was calculated by including the portion of the profit for the period that 
can be allocated to equity, amounting to Euro 299.4 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged 
in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) for its inclusion. 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements for 
regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2022 
Fully Phased 
Change 
% Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - CET1 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
1,356,308 
21.26 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
150,352 
150,435 
(83) 
-0.06 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
7,886,655 
6,530,430 
1,356,225 
20.77 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 - T2) 
1,777,200 
1,761,978 
15,222 
0.86 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
1,371,447 
16.54 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
512,521 
0.97 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
+242 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
+242 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
+241 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
37.64% 
34.79% 
+285 bps 
 
 
 
13  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, to be 
held in the form of 56.25% of CET1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% has been 
zeroed from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 56.25% to be held in the form 
of CET1). 
14  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the Countercyclical 
Capital Buffer (0.0432% as at 30 June 2024). 
15  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, to be held 
in the form of 75% of Tier 1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% has been zeroed 
from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 75% to be held in the form of Tier 
1).

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group’s capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements 
for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 2024. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
30.06.2024 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
Changes 
% Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital – CET1 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
416,860 
5.39 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
645,773 
150,352 
495,421 
329.51 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
8,798,936 
7,886,655 
912,281 
11.57 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 – T2) 
1,780,462 
1,777,200 
3,262 
0.18 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
915,543 
9.47 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
(85,017) 
-0.16 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
+80 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
+173 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
+175 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
38.32% 
37.64% 
+68 bps 
 
The capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.46% (12.04% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.74% (12.32% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 18.06% (15.65% as at 31 December 2022). 
The capital ratios as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 15.26% (14.46% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 16.47% (14.74% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 19.81% (18.06% as at 31 December 2023). 
Note that the BPER Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are summarised below: 
• credit risk - for Group entities represented by BPER, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, credit risk is measured 
using the AIRB approach. For Banks and other Companies that are not in the scope of validation and for 
other risk assets not included in the validated models, the standardised approach has been maintained; 
• credit adjustment risk - the standardised approach is used; 
• market risk - the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on 
equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to determine the 
related separate and consolidated capital requirement; 
• operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2023 compared with 31 December 
2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
1,425,924 
78.09 
40+50 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
68,346 
3.52 
70 
Dividends 
30,884 
22,124 
8,760 
39.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
(39,680) 
-28.40 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
100,737 
328,532 
(227,795) 
-69.34 
 
Operating income 
5,493,906 
4,258,351 
1,235,555 
29.01 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,980,567) 
(1,682,286) 
(298,281) 
17.73 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(833,193) 
(877,808) 
44,615 
-5.08 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment and 
(263,564) 
(227,672) 
(35,892) 
15.76 
 
intangible assets 
 
 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
(289,558) 
10.39 
 
Net operating income 
2,416,582 
1,470,585 
945,997 
64.33 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at amortised 
cost 
(436,261) 
(606,059) 
169,798 
-28.02 
 
- loans to customers 
(425,583) 
(582,815) 
157,232 
-26.98 
 
- other financial assets 
(10,678) 
(23,244) 
12,566 
-54.06 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair value 
(57) 
(442) 
385 
-87.10 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
without 
3,006 
(139) 
3,145 
- 
 
derecognition 
 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(433,312) 
(606,640) 
173,328 
-28.57 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(62,481) 
(132,256) 
69,775 
-52.76 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF – VS 
(161,241) 
(172,423) 
11,182 
-6.49 
250+260+270+280 Gains (Losses) on investments 
(34,905) 
(7,745) 
(27,160) 
350.68 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
948,123 
(948,123) 
-100.00 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
224,999 
15.00 
300 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(172,874) 
(25,764) 
(147,110) 
570.99 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
77,889 
5.28 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(32,273) 
(24,905) 
(7,368) 
29.58 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent 
Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
70,521 
4.87 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 30 June 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
30.06.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
1,682,472 
1,544,969 
137,503 
8.90 
40+50 
Net commission income 
1,014,738 
975,858 
38,880 
3.98 
70 
Dividends 
37,093 
25,135 
11,958 
47.58 
### 
Gains (losses) of equity investments consolidated 
(1,271) 
16,677 
(17,948) 
-107.62 
 
under the equity method 
 
 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
10,293 
53,948 
(43,655) 
-80.92 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
14,725 
32,639 
(17,914) 
-54.89 
 
Operating income 
2,758,050 
2,649,226 
108,824 
4.11 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,060,157) 
(860,041) 
(200,116
) 
23.27 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(377,266) 
(365,109) 
(12,157) 
3.33 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment 
(132,250) 
(115,017) 
(17,233) 
14.98 
 
and intangible assets 
 
 
 
Operating costs 
(1,569,673) 
(1,340,167) 
(229,506
) 
17.13 
 
Net operating income 
1,188,377 
1,309,059 
(120,682
) 
-9.22 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at 
ortised cost 
(174,447) 
(269,330) 
94,883 
-35.23 
 
- loans to customers 
(180,864) 
(271,225) 
90,361 
-33.32 
 
- other financial assets 
6,417 
1,895 
4,522 
238.63

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair 
ue 
(44) 
498 
(542) 
-108.84 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
(655) 
2,896 
(3,551) 
-122.62 
 
without derecognition 
 
 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(175,146) 
(265,936) 
90,790 
-34.14 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(11,005) 
(65,386) 
54,381 
-83.17 
250+260+270+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
151,327 
(7,346) 
158,673 
-- 
 
Profit (Loss) from current operations 
1,153,553 
970,391 
183,162 
18.88 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, FITD - SVI 
(109,564) 
(49,484) 
(60,080) 
121.41 
290 
Profit (Loss) before tax 
1,043,989 
920,907 
123,082 
13.37 
300 
Income taxes for the period 
(302,812) 
(201,396) 
(101,416
50.36 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
741,177 
719,511 
21,666 
3.01 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to minority 
erests 
(17,005) 
(14,960) 
(2,045) 
13.67 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to the 
rent 
724,172 
704,551 
19,621 
2.78 
 
Company

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
Identification of risks, underlying uncertainties and the approach to manage them 
The BPER Group identifies the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) as a tool for overseeing the risk profile that the 
Group intends to take in the implementation of its business strategies, considering it as an essential element to 
ensure that the risk governance policy and process by which risks are managed comply with the principles of sound 
and prudent business management. The RAF provides the frame of reference that, in line with the maximum 
acceptable risk, defines the business model and strategic plan, risk appetite, tolerance thresholds, risk limits, risk 
management policies and the key processes needed to define and implement them. 
The key principles of the RAF are formalised and approved by the Parent Company, which periodically reviews 
them, ensuring that they are in line with the strategic guidelines, business model and regulatory requirements in 
force at any given time. The RAF is a coordinated set of methodologies, processes, policies, controls and systems 
that make it possible to establish, communicate and monitor the Group’s risk appetite. In line with the regulatory 
guidelines 16 , the Group adopts mechanisms aimed at allowing effective integration of the risk appetite with 
management activities. In particular, the Group consistently reconciles its RAF, business model, strategic plan, 
Capital, Funding and NPE Plan, ICAAP, ILAAP and budget. 
The BPER Group expresses its risk appetite with reference to the risks identified in the “Group Risk Map”. This 
document illustrates the risks that may have significant impacts on the Group’s capital adequacy and profits, 
preventing or limiting the Group from fully achieving its strategic and operating objectives. 
The Group constantly monitors the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of RAF metrics with respect to the established 
risk appetite and thresholds, in order to intercept any overruns and trigger the required escalation processes by 
addressing the necessary communications to the Corporate Bodies and identify subsequent remedial actions. 
The system of thresholds defined by the BPER Group expresses risk appetite through the values of risk objectives 
(Risk Appetite). 
Early Warning thresholds, Risk Tolerance thresholds and Risk Limits are set to ensure, in any case, that the Group has 
sufficient margins to operate, including under stress conditions, within the maximum risk than can be assumed (Risk 
Capacity). 
RAF management includes the following activities: 
• identification of the risks to be evaluated that may have significant impacts on the economic, financial and 
equity equilibrium of the Group (Group Risk Map); 
• identification of the elements through which the Group expresses its risk appetite level to achieve its 
strategic objectives (areas of analysis, metrics, thresholds and risks for which it is considered appropriate to 
define qualitative guidelines for monitoring); 
• definition of threshold calibration and quantification rules; 
• formalisation of decisions taken in the RAS (Risk Appetite Statement) domain; 
• verification of trends in the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of the RAF metrics with respect to the 
established risk appetite and thresholds; 
• definition and activation of specific escalation processes in the event of a breach of thresholds with timely 
reporting to the Corporate Bodies and intervention measures differentiated by breach significance; 
• preparation of periodic reporting aimed at providing, on a quarterly basis, a summary overview of the 
 
 
16  Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
evolution of the actual risk values with respect to the thresholds defined. 
The BPER Group, in compliance with prudential supervisory regulations, periodically performs an accurate 
identification of the risks to which it is or could be exposed by taking account of its operations and reference markets. 
This activity is the result of an integrated and ongoing recognition process carried out centrally by the Parent 
Company, which also envisages (if deemed necessary in relation to any developments and/or changes in the business 
model) the involvement of the individual legal entities included in the Group’s scope of consolidation, in order to 
enhance their role in relation to individual and specific operational features. In this regard, the Group Risk Map is 
viewed as having management and risk governance purposes, making it the cornerstone of the Internal Control 
System. 
The risk identification process involves periodic updating of the “Map of Group Risks”, which illustrates the relative 
position of the Bank with respect to Pillar 1 and 2 risks17, with a point-in-time and forward-looking perspective, in 
order to foresee any risks capable of impacting the operations of the Group or of its legal entities. 
In line with the RAF defined by the Parent Company, for risks identified as significant, the Board of Directors of BPER 
sets, with a special policy, the risk objectives, the related risk exposure and operational limits and the process of risk 
assumption and management. 
In line with the “Group Policy on the Internal control system”, the Corporate Bodies have a central role in the 
process of risk governance, providing for certain responsibilities with regard to the design, implementation, 
evaluation and external communication, as part of the development of the Group’s system of internal controls. 
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors therefore performs the strategic supervision function at Group level, 
intervening in all phases envisaged by the model and, by means of strategic directives, involving the Boards of 
Directors of the individual Group Banks and Companies for the activities that are their responsibility, i.e.: 
• it gives the CEO adequate powers and resources to implement the strategic guidelines, the RAF and risk 
governance policies defined by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company in the design of the internal 
control system and is responsible for taking all the necessary steps to ensure that the organisation and its 
internal control system comply with the principles and requirements laid down in regulatory provisions, 
monitoring compliance on an ongoing basis; 
• receives, either directly or through the CEO, the information flows required to gain full awareness of the 
various risk factors and the ability to govern them, so as to plan and implement interventions to ensure the 
compliance and adequacy of the Internal Control System. 
For said purpose, the Chief Executive Officer, in relation to the Group as a whole and its members, with the help of the 
competent structures, implements the necessary initiatives and activities to continuously guarantee the completeness, 
adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system. 
The Boards of Statutory Auditors18 of the Parent Company and of the Group companies, each to the extent of its own 
responsibilities, perform their assignments as foreseen by the law and the articles of association and have the 
responsibility of ensuring the completeness, suitability and functionality of the internal control system and of the RAF. 
The results are brought to the attention of the respective Boards of Directors. 
 
 
17  Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, Title III, Chapter 1 - Attachment D. 
18  Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, first part, Title IV, Chapter 3 “The body with control function is responsible for monitoring the 
completeness, adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF”.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
The Board of Directors of each Group company assigns a mandate to its own corporate structures to implement, in 
its own corporate set-up, the decisions taken by the Parent Company. 
Internal board committees and other internal committees set up by the Boards of Directors of the Parent Company 
and of the Group companies are also involved in the overall Internal Control System, whose composition and 
functioning are defined in the relevant regulation approved by the Board itself. 
The internal board committees are dedicated to the in-depth analysis of specialist topics and have inquiry, advisory 
and proposal-making duties in support of the Board of Directors, while the Internal Committees provide advice and 
support to the Management Body. 
In particular, the Risks (managerial) Committee, a body with consultative powers, assists the Chief Executive Officer 
in the determination and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework, of risk governance policies and of the 
capital and liquidity adequacy process for the Group and Group Companies. 
Credit Risk 
With regard to credit risk, the metrics of the internal rating system are used for management reporting purposes. 
More specifically: 
• a Credit Risk Report is prepared for management every quarter and the results are included in the quarterly 
risk report, which is then sent to Top Management and the various Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company 
and of Group Banks and Companies. The information is discussed by the Risks Committee and presented 
by the Chief Risk Officer to the Control and Risk Committee and the Board of Directors of the Parent 
Company; 
• a summary report is prepared for the Top Management of the Parent Company and of Group Banks and 
Companies on a monthly basis, including the monitoring of supervisory thresholds set for credit and 
concentration risk; 
• a network reporting tool is prepared, characterised by different views of the loan portfolio, with different 
levels of data aggregation (Branch, Regional Department, General Management, Bank and Group) and 
hierarchical visibility cones. 
Financial Risk 
With regard to financial risk management, an analytical system is used to measure, monitor and report on market, 
counterparty, liquidity and interest-rate risks. The Group’s policy for managing the securities portfolio, market risk, 
interest rate risk (ALM) and liquidity and funding risk is defined by the Finance Committee. Operational reports are 
prepared on the risks profiles, with frequencies varying from daily to monthly, depending on the characteristics of 
each risk that is monitored. Every quarter, an overall report on financial risks is presented to the Risks Committee, 
the Risk Control Committee, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company and, for the areas within their remit, to 
the Boards of Directors of the Group companies. 
Operational risk 
As regards the governance of operational risk, the BPER Group applies the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA) 
to calculate the capital requirement for operational risk19. 
 
 
19  This choice was made starting from reporting of data as at 31 December 2013.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
The Own Funds requirement is calculated by determining the three-year average of the sum of the annual Own Funds 
requirement for the lines of business in which the relevant indicator was classified20. 
The model of operational risk governance and management adopted by the BPER Group, designed to identify, assess, 
monitor, mitigate and report operational risks to the appropriate hierarchical levels, is formalised in specific internal 
rules. It provides for centralised management at the Parent Company by the Operational, ICT & Reputational Risk 
service, which relies on the support from a Contact of the Risk Function in place at all Group banks and companies. 
The operational risk management and measurement system adopted by the BPER Group is ensured by: 
• Loss Data Collection: system for collecting and filing the loss events that derive from operational risks, 
supported by dedicated IT tools under constant development that ensure the completeness, accuracy and 
quality of the data gathered; 
• measurement of operating risks via the Risk Self-Assessment, in order to determine over a one-year 
time horizon the prospective level of exposure to operating risks and assess the adequacy of processes and 
line controls; 
• measurement of risk by determining the level of capital absorption by operating risk from both a regulatory 
(own funds) and an operational standpoint (economic capital); 
• system of reporting and communication to the Board of Directors and Senior Management, together with 
procedures to undertake appropriate mitigation actions based on the information flows sent. 
Together, the analysis of loss data collection and the measurement of operational risks make it possible to identify 
areas of vulnerability in which operating losses are more concentrated, in order to understand the underlying causes 
and highlight the opportunity for corrective actions, including insurance cover (external transfer of risk). 
The BPER Group has adopted an analytical framework for IT risk, with the aim of identifying the exposure to IT risk 
and the corrective actions needed to avoid exceeding the established risk appetite threshold. A specific analysis is 
carried out in relation to operational and security risk related to payment services. 
Reputational Risk 
The BPER Group has implemented a framework for the management of reputational risk in order to monitor, manage, 
mitigate and periodically present in an organised manner the position of the Group in relation to this risk, together 
with the corrective actions needed to mitigate any vulnerabilities identified21. 
The principal elements comprising the framework for the management of reputational risk are described and 
formalised in the “Policy on the governance of reputational risk”. This document centralises the management of this 
activity within the Risk Management Function of the Parent Company and specifies the responsibilities of the 
Organisational Units within the Parent Company and the Group companies concerned, both under normal operating 
conditions and should any “critical reputational events” occur. 
The system of reputational risk management adopted by the BPER Group has the following components: 
• 
identification and assessment of risk based on Reputational Data Collection and Reputational Self-
Assessment; 
• 
monitoring of the Group’s exposure to reputational risk using a series of specific Key Risk Indicators; 
• 
management of critical reputational events (escalation): management of particularly critical reputational 
 
 
20  See CRR – Part three, Title III, Chapter 3, art. 317. 
21  This choice was made with effect from the 2017 financial year.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
events, by means of a functional escalation process and the determination of short and long term responses 
and mitigation; 
• 
reporting: preparation of suitable reports, based on the various processes/sub-processes comprising the 
framework, in order to present in summary form the outcome of the risk management activities to all bodies 
and functions concerned. 
Business Continuity 
In the first half of 2024, the activities aimed at the “Ordinary Management” of Business Continuity continued with 
the aim of updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the Group companies. The business 
continuity manager coordinated monitoring activities of threats (emergency management process), including Climate 
Risk impact. During the first half of 2024 the Bank was resilient: in spite of increasing extreme weather events and 
flooding there were no branch closures or discontinuation in business processes. 
In the second part of the first half of 2024, Business Impact Analyses (BIAs) were carried out during the year to identify 
potential risks and failure points of business processes, business continuity solutions were updated to ensure effective 
recovery in the event of an emergency, and scheduled business continuity and disaster recovery tests were carried out 
to check the effectiveness of the Plan and to ensure continuous improvement. 
The elements that characterised the first half of the year concerned: 
• 
the start of phase 2 of adjustment to the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) regulation, which will 
come into force on 17 January 2025, as a follow-up to the assessment launched in 2023; 
• 
the definition of guidelines to formalise a suppliers’ monitoring model under the DORA Regulation 
requirements; 
• 
the activities necessary for maintaining ISO 22301 certification ; 
• 
the monitoring of Banca Cesare Ponti’s business continuity after the merger and transfer of the business unit 
which brought about the subsequent re-mapping of critical processes; 
• 
constant monitoring of critical suppliers through checks on existing contracts and continuity tests and 
through the gathering of appropriate information to fully assess the quality of planned continuity measures; 
• 
running of tests as required after the implementation of the business continuity plan with a specific focus on 
cyber-scenarios; 
• 
running of the Cyber Resilience Stress Test as required by the ECB early in the first half of the year; 
• 
running of a specific test on volcanic and bradyseismic risk in the Campi Flegrei area; 
• 
implementation of the “Piano Emergenza Vesuvio” (Vesuvius Contingency Plan) with an update on its 
specificities as per the amendments to Law Decree 140/2023. 
Activities continued with a view to enhancing the focus on operational resilience and the dissemination of a culture 
of business continuity within the Group. In a continuous improvement perspective, the activities included training 
sessions for the roles involved in Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Crisis Management working for the 
Parent Company and the Group companies. Training also specifically involved the Business Continuity Supplier 
contacts as they are critical for the purposes of business continuity. 
Climate Change 
Transition to a circular, low-carbon economy and its integration and management in the regulatory and prudential 
supervisory framework entails both risks and opportunities for the entire economic system and for financial 
institutions, while the physical damage caused by climate change and environmental degradation can have a 
significant impact on the real economy and the financial sector.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The European Central Bank identified climate and environmental risks among the main risk factors to be proactively 
managed under the supervisory priorities of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) for the banking sector, and 
starting in 2021, undertook activities aimed at verifying banks’ positioning with respect to the provisions of the 
guidelines that the ECB issued on the subject (ECB Guide on climate-related and environmental risk). 
Against this backdrop, the BPER Group has structured its own sustainability process through the adoption of an 
integrated strategy, capable of combining business growth and financial strength with social and environmental 
sustainability, thereby creating long-term shared value. The sustainability perspective has been fully integrated in the 
2022-2025 Business Plan. 
In particular, the BPER Group, through cross-cutting work groups, identified action lines in the climate-related and 
environmental areas to strengthen strategy, business, risk governance and regulatory compliance. With this in mind, 
an activity/ intervention plan was defined and approved by the Parent Company’s Board of Directors and sent to the 
European Central Bank. Furthermore, follow-up continued in 2023 on the ECB’s Thematic Review, aimed at 
checking compliance with the ECB Guidelines in order to further strengthen climate-environmental governance 
practices.  
With reference to the Risk Management framework, in line with plans and communications to the Supervisory 
Authority, the incorporation of ESG issues within the entire Group Risk Management set-up continued in the first 
months of 2024, including the strengthening of the materiality analysis of risk factors as part of the risk identification 
process, the evolution of the Risk Appetite Framework and of ICAAP by identifying specific Key Risk Indicators 
and introducing dedicated analyses, the updating of risk management processes and the integration of risk reporting. 
When integrating the aforementioned areas, consideration was also given to the connections and relationships with 
the various business processes impacted and the commitments made by the Group in this regard (e.g., Net Zero 
Banking Alliance - NZBA). 
All of this confirms the strategic importance that the BPER Group attaches to sustainability issues, the management 
of which translates into consistent and concrete commitments both at governance level and in the day-to-day 
operations of all of the Company’s functions. 
It should finally be highlighted that the BPER Group will continue to consider additional areas of intervention in the 
next years to further develop its risk management frameworks with the aim of specifically capturing both the risk 
type specificities and developments in the regulatory and macro-economic frameworks. 
Recent Developments 
Acceptance of around 600 additional early retirement 
On 30 May 2024 BPER announced that the Board of Directors considered the possibility to facilitate - also via the 
use of the banking industry Solidarity Fund - the acceptance of around 600 additional early retirement applications, 
received under the agreement aimed at promoting generational and professional turnover, signed on 23 December 
2023. 
Simone Marcucci appointed as Chief Financial Officer 
On 18 July 2024 BPER informed that the Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Simone Marcucci as the Bank’s Chief 
Financial Officer, effective 19 July 2024. 
Mr. Gian Luca Santi, the previous Chief Financial Officer and Deputy General Manager, stepped down from his roles 
on the above date to pursue new professional opportunities outside the Group. 
Communication of change in share capital of BPER Banca 
On 9 August 2024 BPER announced that the new composition of its share capital following the partial voluntary 
conversion of the convertible bond loan “€ 150,000,000 Convertible Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes”, issued by the

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Bank on 25 July 2019, as approved by BPER’s Board of Directors on 11 July 2019 on the basis of the mandate 
granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 4 July 2019. 
More precisely, following the conversion requests received by 15 July 2024, no. 416,666 BPER ordinary shares were 
issued on 31 July 2024, with full rights. 
The certification regarding the new amount of the share capital was registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 9 August 2024. 
The consequent composition of BPER’s share capital, fully subscribed and paid in, as of 31 July 2024, was equal to 
no. 1,416,267,184 ordinary shares. 
BPER also notified that its updated Articles of Association were registered with the Companies’ Register of Modena 
on 9 August 2024 and were made available to the public at the registered office and on its website. 
Communication of change in share capital of BPER Banca 
On 10 September 2024 BPER announced that the new composition of its share capital following the partial voluntary 
conversion of the convertible bond loan “€ 150,000,000 Convertible Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes”, issued by the 
Bank on 25 July 2019, as approved by BPER’s Board of Directors on 11 July 2019 on the basis of the mandate 
granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 4 July 2019. 
More precisely, following the conversion requests received by 31 July 2024, no. 5,357,140 BPER ordinary shares 
were issued on 14 August 2024, with full rights. 
The certification regarding the new amount of the share capital was registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 10 September 2024. 
The consequent composition of BPER’s share capital, fully subscribed and paid in, as of 14 August 2024, was equal 
to no. 1,421,624,324 ordinary shares. 
Finally, BPER notified that its updated Articles of Association were registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 10 September 2024 and were made available to the public at the registered office and on its website. 
Resignation of the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
On 25 October 2024 BPER informed that the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors, Angelo Mario Giudici, has 
submitted his resignation from the position, effective from the appointment of his successor by the next Shareholders’ 
Meeting, and in any case, no later than 1 ° January 2025.  
As stated by Chair Giudici himself, the resignation was made for strictly personal reasons. 
BPER has been planning to convene an ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in the second half of December 
2024 to deliberate on the replacement of the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors. 
Notice of call of ordinary and extraordinary Shareholders’ meeting 
On 8 November 2024 BPER announced that an ordinary and extraordinary Shareholders’ meeting have been 
convened for 19 December 2024, which agenda shall be: 
• 
ordinary session: integration of the Board of Statutory Auditors: appointment of the Chair of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors; 
• 
extraordinary session: 1. partial, non-proportional demerger of the e-money part of Bibanca S.p.A.’s assets 
in favour of BPER Banca S.p.A.: related and ensuing resolutions; 2. proposed amendment to art. 40 of the 
Articles of Association: related and ensuing resolutions.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Share buy-back programme launched for free-of-charge allocation of shares to employees 
On 11 November 2024 BPER announced that it launched an ordinary share buy-back programme for free-of-charge 
allocation of shares to employees, which will end by 13 December.   
The buy-back programme is functional for the free-of-charge allocation of BPER ordinary shares to the employees 
of the Group as part of the 2024 MBO Incentive scheme and the 2022-2025 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Plan and any 
severance payments due and, therefore, falls within the scope of the exemption under art. 5 of Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014 (“MAR”). 
The buyback will be carried out under the terms approved by BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 19 April 2024, as 
previously disclosed to the market. 
BPER places euro 500 mln AT I issuance for institutional investors 
On 13 November 2024 BPER has successfully completed the placement of an Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond 
issuance, callable on 20 March 2030 and thereafter on any interest payment date, for a total principal amount of Euro 
500 million. 
This issuance is the Bank's second Additional Tier 1 issuance in 2024, contributing to the strengthening and 
optimization of the capital structure. 
Notice of voluntary early redemption of subordinated notes 
On 28 November 2024, BPER (in its capacity as the company that acquired the original issuer Banca Carige S.p.A.) 
informed the holders of the subordinated notes “Banca Carige S.p.A. 2019-2029 Callable Tasso Fisso Con Reset Tier 
II” - Series 645, nominal value € 200,000,000, (the “Notes”) that – having received prior authorisation from the 
competent Supervisory Authority pursuant to the applicable legislation – it intends to redeem the Notes on 20 
December 2024, in full and in advance of their original Maturity Date (i.e. 20 December 2029).

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning  
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) as amended and 
supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and best 
practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the 
guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB 
published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative guidance 
on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for 
new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks 
should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely 
managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it 
asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and 
portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks should 
explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the 
Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may trigger 
supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential backstop" to prevent the risk 
of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and 
regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flow. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force.  
The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, 
and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct 
the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for 
this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims to equity (the “General Bail-
in Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution 
tools (including the bail-in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its 
liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments at the point of non-viability and 
before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken (“Non-Viability Loss Absorption”). Any shares 
issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to 
any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in cancellation or dilution of the shareholding. For the 
purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the 
BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain circumstances, the 
group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under 
certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or 
converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority 
determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy (the 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees”) were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, while 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals principally 
with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Implementing Decrees 
entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) 
the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and those of 
individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest 
payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to 
Article 44(2) of the BRRD. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the 
application of the General Bail-In Tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the resolution authority 
may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD 
specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Further, although the BRRD 
provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the 
BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater 
losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings.  
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented in Italy 
by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write 
down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging 
instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability 
(including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or 
collateral against which it is secured. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that 
deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal 
insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-
preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national 
insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, 
non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has amended the bail-in creditor hierarchy 
in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, by providing that, as from 1 January 
2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and 
small and medium sized enterprises benefit from a preference in respect of senior unsecured liabilities, though with 
a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual and small and medium sized enterprises deposits exceeding 
the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of 
liabilities in the form of large corporate and interbank deposits which rank pari passu with any unsecured liability 
owed to the Bondholders under the national insolvency regime currently in force in Italy, will rank higher than such 
unsecured liabilities in normal insolvency proceedings. Therefore, on application of the General Bail-In Tool, such 
creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only after such unsecured liabilities. The 
safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not provide any protection since, as noted

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in 
excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the “BRRD Amending Directive”) entered into force. The BRRD Amending 
Directive requires Member States to create a new class of the so-called “senior non-preferred” debt instruments 
which would rank just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while 
still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to 
meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will only 
apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament 
on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments. 
Legislative Decree No. 181 of 16 November 2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory 
rights of set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in 
the absence of an express agreement to the contrary. 
The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of unsecured 
debt in bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards banks’ compliance with the 
TLAC standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in the Financial Stability Forum. In 
addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors and reducing the risk of legal challenges, 
these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in resolution.  
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the revised 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Consolidated Banking 
Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been harmonised by 
the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive (“DGSD”) and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) lays 
down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods 
of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case 
of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and liabilities 
eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" – “MREL”). MREL represents one of the key tools to improve 
banks’ resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank’s capital position 
after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors bear losses regardless of 
which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting with the relevant competent authority, will 
set the MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment criteria identified by the European Banking 
Authority (“EBA”) in its regulatory technical standards (RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS 
on criteria for determining MREL requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write 
down or conversion of an amount of own funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the loss 
absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, subject to certain considerations. The resolution authority has 
discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part of their MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in 
instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum 
amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to the 
Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) for banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft 
regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate 
MREL, as further implemented by European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450, see below.  
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB 
shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016. 
Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate 
transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched a 
public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 23 November 2016, the 
European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed amendments to 
the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total 
risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined 
by the resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed that resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher 
levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution that are higher than those expected under a standard resolution 
scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in the entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in 
the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement the competent resolution authority shall have 
the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the maximum distributable amount related to the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called “M-MDA”).  
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU 
Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for the 
purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with the 
national resolution authorities (“NRAs”), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary approach 
consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL requirements. The SRB 
is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced binding requirements and started 
to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. During 2017, the SRB developed its 
MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. Considering the need to address the 
specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution planning cycle in two 
waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not have binding targets – for instance those with 
no presence outside the Banking Union – to be addressed first based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 
approach and published on 20 November 2018. For the second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex 
banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 January 2019.  
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking Package 
(CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an 
overall updated MREL Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May 2020, which 
covers: (a) MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) changes to the calibration 
of MREL, including introducing MREL based on the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the quality of MREL 
(subordination); (d) dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for resolution strategies, 
such as multiple point of entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications on third-country issuances; 
and (g) how these changes will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking Package in 
the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the beginning of 2021. These 
decisions replaced those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new decision sets out two binding MREL 
targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully 
calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single 
Resolution Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (“CRR”)and 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (“CRD IV”), the 
following legislative texts have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V" 
and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms");  
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"),  
(iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRM II Regulation").

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the "TLAC 
standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating to the 
specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption and 
recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions concerning 
the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial 
performance of the BPER Group. 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early stage 
and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any suspension of 
activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements 
(including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any 
such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities 
issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit 
institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a 
new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). This public consultation 
was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, 
and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders’ experience with the current Covid-19 crisis and framework 
and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available 
measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no 
creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD 
II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission launched a general public 
consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the “193 Decree”) 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. The 
193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Act transposing 
Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
The amended Article 91 of the Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking: 
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items (elementi 
di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly recognized as own 
funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments (strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello); 
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, in their 
entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri) but junior to 
senior non- preferred instruments. The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 193 Decree came 
into effect (1 December 2021). 
In 2021, the Commission launched two consultations: a targeted and a public consultation to seek stakeholder 
feedback on how the crisis management and deposit insurance framework (“CMDI”) was applied and views on 
possible modifications.  
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 (Single 
Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR).  
On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a negotiating mandate for the revision of the CMDI.  
In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 - published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 April 2024 
- was adopted, containing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the conditions for the 
treatment of domestic MREL. 
BPER Group’s continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on 
its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in 
which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with new

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation may 
lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of the 
characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution mechanisms 
or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a negative impact on 
the Group’s business, performance and/or financial condition. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM" 
and "SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning 
the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") with national 
resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists 
of the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission and 
the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the ECB and 
the national resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 banks 
started to pay contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting from 
2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes).  
The Fund has reached the target level of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions 
within the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. The Fund shall not be used to absorb the losses of an institution or 
to recapitalise an institution. 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority –
the Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part of 
the Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the negative 
feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in resolution; and 
(c) giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking Union ones, due to the 
availability of a larger resolution fund. 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the SRM 
will affect the Group. 
CRD and CRR  
On 27 June 2019, the European Commission issued Directive 2019/878/EU (CRD V) and Regulation 2019/876/EU 
(CRR II), respectively amending CRD and CRR. The CRD V Directive has been applied since 29 June 2020 and 
CRR II has been applied since 28 June 2021. 
Among other measures, Article 133 of CRD V grants national Authorities with the power to introduce a systemic 
risk buffer of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to prevent and mitigate systemic risk not covered by macroprudential 
tools. 
Accordingly, the Bank of Italy, following a public consultation, on 26 April 2024, decided to apply a systemic risk 
buffer (SyRB) of 1.0 per cent of exposures towards Italian residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risks. 
The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups authorised in Italy. The buffer rate target would be reached 
gradually: 0.5 per cent would need to be set aside by 31 December 2024, and the remaining 0.5 per cent by 30 June 
2025. The SyRB is to be applied at the highest level of consolidation for banking groups. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRR III) and CRD 
(CRD VI and jointly with the CRR III the “Banking Reform Package”) the standards approved by the Basel

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Committee at the end of 2017, with specific reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and 
operational) and the so-called “output floor”. 
The Banking Reform Package has been adopted with the publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 (“CRR III”) and 
EU Directive 2024/1619 (“CRD VI”) which entered into force on 9 July 2024.  
CRD VI aims at the harmonisation of minimum requirements applicable to the authorisation of branches of third-
country banks and the supervision of their activities in the EU and at enhancing banks' management of 
Environmental, Social and Governance risks. Member States shall adopt and publish, by 10 January 2026, the laws, 
regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD VI and shall apply those measures from 11 
January 2026 (with some exceptions).  
CRR III shall apply from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions). Among the others, this Regulation has introduced 
a lower limit to the risk-based capital requirements calculated using internal models (‘output floor’), that is equal to 
a percentage (72.5%) of the capital requirements that would apply if standardised approaches were used, considering 
a transitional period as well. In relation to the use of the Standardised approach for credit risk, CRR III envisages a 
more granular risk weight treatment of different exposures, such as: exposures to institutions, exposures to 
corporates, specialised lending exposures, retail exposures, exposures secured by real estate, subordinated debt 
exposures, equity exposures and defaulted exposures. 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
The above mentioned Covered Bond Directive and Covered Bond Regulation applied from 8 July 2022. 
The Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, public supervision 
and publication obligations for covered bonds. Compared with the UCITS, the Covered Bond Directive provides for 
a number of more complex structural requirements, such as the dual recourse and the bankruptcy remoteness tools. 
The Covered Bond Directive at hand also establishes specific requirements for a liquidity reserve and introduces the 
possibility of joint funding and intragroup pooled covered bond structures in order to facilitate the issuance of covered 
bonds by small credit institutions. Moreover, the Covered Bond Directive provides the authorities of the Member 
States with the task of monitoring compliance of covered bond issuances with the abovementioned requirements and 
regulates the conditions for obtaining the authorisation to carry out the activity of issuance of covered bonds in the 
context of a covered bond programme. The Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 
of the CRR, providing for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential 
treatment. In particular, the Covered Bond Regulation introduces a rule allowing exposures to credit institutions rated 
in credit quality step 2 up to a maximum of 10% of the total exposure of the nominal amount of outstanding covered 
bonds of the issuing institution, without the need to consult the EBA. The Covered Bond Regulation also requires a 
minimum level of overcollateralization in order to mitigate the most relevant risks arising in the case of the issuer’s 
insolvency or resolution. 
On 8 May 2021, the European Delegation Law 2019 has entered into force. It delegated the Italian Government to 
implement – inter alia – the Covered Bond Directive. According to the European Delegation Law 2019: 
• 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
• 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of the Covered 
Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; and 
• 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for covered 
bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of the Covered 
Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool). 
The Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of the Decree 190/2021 
entering into force on 1 December 2021. In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to 
exercise the following options provided by the Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity 
requirement of the cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case of

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
programmes with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the extended final maturity date for the payment of 
principal, as opposed to the scheduled maturity date. 
Moreover, the Decree 190/2021 designates the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public supervision of 
the covered bonds. Bank of Italy issued the relevant implementing regulations on 30 March 2023 by publishing an 
amendment to Section 3, paragraph 3 of the BoI Regulations. 
For further information, please see section headed “Selected Aspects of Italian Law” of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR  
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds 
Name and Legal Form of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 19 February 2010 with the original corporate name 
of Paxi Finance S.r.l., as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT number, fiscal code 
number and registration number with the Companies’ Register of Treviso-Belluno No. 04362620264, VAT 
Group “Gruppo IVA BPER Banca” - VAT number 03830780361. On 24 October 2011, the Bank of Italy has 
authorised the purchase by the Issuer of up to 60 per cent. of the quota capital of the Guarantor. The Guarantor 
has a duration until 31 December 2100. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 7 June 2011, (i) the articles of association of the company 
have been amended in order to allow the company to act as special purpose vehicle within covered bonds 
transactions in accordance with Law 130; and (ii) the corporate name of the Guarantor was changed from “Paxi 
Finance S.r.l.” to “Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.”. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and the telephone 
number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00. 
“Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.” is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no commercial 
name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Business overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to 
other banking groups) against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, 
in compliance with Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of subordinated loans granted 
or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered bonds issued by such 
banks or other entities. Pursuant to the Guarantor articles of association, the Guarantor may act as a special 
purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with Law 130 and therefore may carry out the 
above-mentioned activities in the context of one or more covered bond transactions or issuance programme 
other than this Programme. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions 
for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking covered 
bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in 
other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the securities purchased, 
but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business other than the purchase of 
the Initial Receivables, Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets from the Initial Seller 
and the issue of the Covered Bond Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered 
Bonds issued under this Programme. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a board of directors. The directors of the Guarantor are: 
 
Name 
Appointment 
Address 
Principal Activities 
Marco Biale 
Chairperson 
of the board of 
directors 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
Elena Peri 
Director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing 
director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
 
The Company did not appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to Article 2477 of the Italian civil code. 
Conflict of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their respective private 
interests or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided in quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
BPER: 60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.: 40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia, a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from SVM 
Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. to sell to BPER the quota of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from 
the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which all 
amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the other Secured Creditors 
have been paid in full. 
Please also see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – The Quotaholders’ Agreement” 
below. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, 
which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and 
Profits and Losses and Report of the Auditors 
The statutory audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 
and on 31 December 2023, respectively, prepared in accordance with Italian accounting standards, are 
incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. See the section headed “Documents incorporated by 
reference”, above. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2023, respectively, were audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the address of which is at Via Santa Sofia 28, 
20122 Milan, Italy. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered in the special register (albo speciale) for auditing 
companies (società di revisione) provided for by article 161 of the Financial Law (repealed by article 43 of 
Italian legislative decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 but still in force, pursuant to the latter decree, until the 
entry into force of the implementing regulations to be issued by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant 
to such decree). 
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on 
any Business Day (excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December of each year.  
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has a quota of Euro 4,000 
each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued, or created but unissued), term loans, 
liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent 
liabilities. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Guarantor is 81560034A5A3A39ECD89.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 and the BoI Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to 
be the asset monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130 the BoI Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent 
auditor, enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant 
to article 6 of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 
2012 and shall be independent from the Issuer, the Sellers and the Guarantor and the accounting firms who 
carry out the audit of the Issuer, the Sellers or the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter (the “Asset Monitor Engagement Letter”) entered into on 14 June 2017, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented, the Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company 
incorporated in Italy as a joint stock company (società per azioni) whose registered office is in Milan registered 
with the companies’ register of Milan under number 12979880155 and enrolled under number 119644 with the 
register of statutory auditors (Registro Dei Revisori Legali) maintained by the Minister of Economy and 
Finance, having its registered office at Piazza Tre Torri, 2, 20145 Milan, Italy, as asset monitor (the “Asset 
Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific agreed 
upon procedures concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of Law 130 and the BoI 
Regulations including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement with a view to 
confirming whether such calculations are accurate.  
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the Issuer 
an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to 
the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset 
Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter is governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof, as 
from time to time amended, between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (the “Asset Monitor Agreement”) and subject to due receipt of the information to be 
provided by the Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the 
arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests, 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement, in each case pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer a report in the form set out in 
the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the 
Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset 
Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
For the purpose hereof, “Asset Monitor Report Date” has the meaning given to such term in the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (a) Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans transferred 
pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement or each additional transfer agreement entered into in 
accordance with the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, (b) any Integration Assets, and/or (c) any 
Liquid Assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent 
Receivables transferred by the Issuer to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Master Transfer Agreement” below. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Receivables” means, collectively, the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables.  
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans transferred by 
the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior 
to the Implementation Date or, with respect to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Subsequent Receivables” means the further portfolios of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans, 
transferred or to be transferred to the Guarantor by (i) the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement and/or (ii) by the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
“Integration Assets” means (i) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR which 
meet the requirements set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130, 
and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (a) and (b), 
of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant 
to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
“Public Entity Securities” means any securities which meet the requirements under article 129, paragraph 1, 
lett. (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130.  
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the CRR and 
Law 130. 
The Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to 
the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreements will meet the following criteria on each 
relevant Valuation Date. 
The General Criteria  
Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans 
Each of the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the 
relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the following General Criteria:

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
1. 
mortgage loans whose principal debtors are (including following accollo liberatorio and/or restriction 
(frazionamento)) one or more individuals (persone fisiche) (including also professionals (liberi 
professionisti) or individual entrepreneurs (ditte individuali)) who are domiciled in Italy;  
2. 
mortgage loans which are disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to make 
additional disbursements;  
3. 
mortgage loans which are denominated in Euro (or originally disbursed in Italian lire and subsequently 
re-denominated in Euro); 
4. 
mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) outstanding principal amount and (ii) the 
estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage loan was 
entered into, is equal to or lower than 80 per cent., in accordance with article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d) of 
CRR. For the purposes of this criterion 4, “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around 
the date on which the mortgage loan was entered into” shall mean the estimated value determined in 
accordance with the technical and economic parameters applicable from time to time by the lender in the 
context of the original appraisal of the value of the real estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to 
ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it 
is not aware of the relevant information, obtain the “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated 
around the date on which the mortgage loan was entered into” from the branch (filiale) where the payments 
of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
5. 
mortgage loans providing for the repayment of principal in several instalments in accordance with one of 
the following amortisation methods as agreed either on the relevant execution date of the relevant 
mortgage loan or on the latest date of agreement on the amortisation plan applicable to the relevant 
mortgage loan, if any:  
(i) 
the so-called “French method”, whereby instalments include a principal component, which was 
predetermined on the date of disbursement and which increases throughout the duration of the 
mortgage loan, and a variable interest component;  
(ii) 
the so-called “Italian method”, whereby instalments consist of a constant principal component 
and a variable interest component; and 
(iii) 
the amortisation method envisaging constant instalments and extendable duration of the 
mortgage loan up to a maximum date; 
6. 
mortgage loans secured by a mortgage over real estate assets located in the territory of the Republic of 
Italy qualifying as residential real estate assets this being assets that, as at the execution date of the relevant 
mortgage loan, were included in one of the following cadastral categories: A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, A6, A7, 
A8 and A11; 
7. 
mortgage loans governed by Italian law; 
8. 
mortgage loans secured by economic first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado economico), that is: 
(i) 
a legal first-ranking priority voluntary mortgage (ipoteca volontaria di primo grado legale); or 
(ii) 
a voluntary mortgage with subordinate ranking (ipoteca volontaria di grado legale successivo 
al primo), provided that the debts secured by the prior-ranking mortgages have been fully 
repaid; 
9. 
mortgage loans not originating from the restructuring of personal loans (crediti chirografari) previously 
advanced;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
10. mortgage loans having contractual interest rates falling under one of the following categories: 
(i) 
fixed rate loans, being those mortgage loans in respect of which the interest rate applied, 
contractually fixed, remains unchanged throughout the whole duration of the mortgage loan; 
(ii) 
floating rate loans, being those mortgage loans whose interest is linked to a reference index 
which remains unchanged throughout the whole duration of the mortgage loan; 
(iii) 
mixed rate loans, being those mortgage loans enabling the borrower to choose between a fixed 
or variable rate on one or more set dates; and 
(iv) 
fixed-to-variable rate mortgage loans, being those mortgage loans whose interest rate applied 
at the outset is a contractually fixed interest rate, and which as of a set date change the rate 
applied to a variable interest rate linked to a reference index; 
11. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) amount disbursed on the date the mortgage 
loan was entered into and (ii) estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on 
which the mortgage loan was entered into, is equal to, or lower than, 100 per cent. For the purposes of this 
criterion 11, “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage 
loan was entered into” shall mean the estimated value determined in accordance with the technical and 
economic parameters applicable from time to time by the lender in the context of the original appraisal of 
the value of the real estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans 
falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the relevant 
information, obtain the “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which 
the mortgage loan was entered into” from the branch (filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its 
mortgage loans are made; and 
12. mortgage loans reimbursed by means of automatic bank transfer on a bank account opened at a bank of 
the BPER Banking Group (including payments by means of direct Sepa); 
However, the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans do not comprise any receivables which, although 
meeting the criteria set out above, also meet, as of the relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), one 
or more of the following criteria: 
13. mortgage loans which as at the Valuation Date have as borrowers individuals, including as co-
beneficiaries, who are employees or corporate officers (pursuant to article 136 of the legislative decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993) of BPER Banca S.p.A.;  
14. mortgage loans in relation to which the relevant borrower has adhered, as at the Valuation Date, through 
an adhesion letter mailed or filed with a branch (filiale) of BPER Banca S.p.A., to the renegotiation 
proposal pursuant to Law Decree No. 93 dated 27 May 2008 converted into law No. 126 dated 24 July 
2008 and the framework agreement (convenzione) between the Ministry for Economy and Finance and 
the Italian Banking Association (ABI); 
15. mortgage loans entered into and advanced pursuant to any applicable law (even regional) or regulation 
providing for financial support or benefit with respect to principal and/or interest (mutui agevolati);  
16. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) outstanding principal amount and (ii) the 
estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the Valuation Date, is higher than 80 per 
cent. For the purposes of this criterion 16, “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around 
the Valuation Date” shall mean the estimated value determined in accordance with the technical and 
economic parameters used from time to time by the lender in the context of the monitoring of the value of 
the real estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the relevant information, obtain 
the “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the Valuation Date” from the branch 
(filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
17. mortgage loans whose relevant borrower does not fall within one of the following categories: SAE 600 
(Famiglie Consumatrici), SAE 614 (Artigiani) or SAE 615 (Altre Famiglie Produttrici). In order to 
ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may obtain 
information, the relevant category to which he/she belongs from the branch (filiale) where the payments 
of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made;  
18. mortgage loans whose relevant borrower falls within one of the following categories (SAE 614 (Artigiani) 
or SAE 615 (Altre Famiglie Produttrici)) but who has been granted the relevant mortgage loan for 
business-related reasons. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this criterion 18, each 
relevant borrower may obtain information on relevant category to which he/she belongs and whether 
his/her mortgage loan is classified as a loan granted for business related reasons from the branch (filiale) 
as well as where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
19. mortgage loans granted to a public administration entity (ente pubblico); 
20. mortgage loans granted to an ecclesiastic entity (ente ecclesiastico); 
21. mortgage loans which were classified as agricultural credit (mutui agrari) pursuant to articles 43, 44 and 
45 of the Banking Act, as at the relevant execution date; 
22. mortgage loans providing for the repayment of principal in several instalments in accordance with the so-
called “Mix” method, envisaging an amortisation plan partly based on a fixed rate and partly based on a 
variable rate; 
23. mortgage loans referring to real estate assets “under construction”; 
24. mortgage loans branded as “HLTV” mortgage loans; 
25. mortgage loans granted with the express aim of consolidating the borrower’s passivity;  
26. mortgage loans deriving from “forbearance”, or classified as “Non-Performing Loans”, “Unlikely to Pay” 
and “Past Due” (as defined in the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 dated 30 July 2008, as amended 
and supplemented on 20 January 2015 and following – “Matrice dei Conti”). In order to ascertain whether 
a mortgage loans falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the 
relevant information, obtain its loan classification (as defined in the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 
dated 30 July 2008, as amended and supplemented on 20 January 2015 and following – “Matrice dei 
Conti”) from the branch (filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
and 
27. mortgage loans which, on the disbursement day, were secured by a pledge over securities. 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
THE COLLECTION POLICIES 
Introduction 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit from 
their respective account held with BPER, authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage loan 
agreement. On a regular basis, a solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid instalment. 
Definitions 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above in 
the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans which 
show some criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk deterioration 
and providing assistance to local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are promoted 
toward requiring claims such as: 
• 
change of status of loans; 
• 
provision adjustment on the non performing exposures; 
• 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
• 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start the 
legal recovery procedures; 
• 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
• 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery process begins.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by 
the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
(b) 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest 
and principal under the Covered Bonds; 
(c) 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the 
Covered Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage an 
Asset Percentage factor determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with respect to 
the Cover Pool; 
(d) 
the Pre-Maturity Test is intended to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity available to redeem each 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, if any, on the relevant Maturity Date; 
(e) 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is intended to ensure at all times that the amount 
of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative 
Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 days; 
(f) 
the verification of the Exposure Limit is intended to ensure that the Exposure Limit is correctly 
calculated within the performance of the Tests; 
(g) 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the service of a Notice to Pay, for the purpose 
of testing the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(h) 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement is periodically performed, both prior and following 
the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, for the purpose of verifing that the Minimum OC 
Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day 
on which the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be; 
(i) 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, basis, currency or other risks in respect 
of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; and 
(j) 
a Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from Interest 
Available Funds in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its 
obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond 
Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
reason. In this circumstance (and until an Acceleration Notice is served), the Guarantor’s obligations will only 
be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond 
Guarantee” below, as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pre-Maturity Test for Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit 
ratings fall below a certain level. The applicable Final Terms will set out whether the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds is a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. On each Pre-Maturity Test Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Calculation Agent will determine if the Issuer satisfies the following pre-maturity rating 
requirements (the “Pre-Maturity Test”) and shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of Covered Bondholders if the Issuer does not satisfy such Pre-Maturity Test. 
The Issuer will not satisfy, and be in breach of, the Pre-Maturity Test if the Issuer’s (a) short-term credit rating 
for its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “P-1” from 
Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall within six 
months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date or (b) long-term credit rating for its unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “A2” from Moody’s and the 
Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall within 12 months following the 
relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date. 
If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds within 12 months prior 
to the scheduled Maturity Date of that Series, the Calculation Agent will immediately serve a notice to that 
effect on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders the “Pre-Maturity Test 
Breach Notice”). Following the delivery of the Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice, the Issuer will be required to 
procure, within the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice 
is notified to the Issuer and (ii) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, that (A) 
an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
plus any amount that would be payable by the Guarantor in priority thereto in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments (regardless as to whether a Notice to Pay has been served) (the “Pre-
Maturity Collateral Amount”) is credited to an account opened for that purpose by the Guarantor with an 
Eligible Institution (the “Pre-Maturity Account”), or, alternatively, (B) a guarantee is provided in respect of 
the payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date for that Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds by a guarantor whose senior, unsecured and unsubordinated ratings are at least equal to “P-1” 
by Moody’s. 
If any of the actions under (A) and (B) above is not taken, the Guarantor may, among others: 
(i) 
offer to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and subject 
to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the relevant Seller; and/or 
(ii) 
seek to obtain the creation of Eligible Deposits from the Seller(s). The creation of Eligible Deposits will 
be financed through advances granted by the relevant Seller under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Any proceeds deriving from the sale of Selected Assets and their related security and/or any contribution in 
cash by the relevant Seller shall be credited to the Pre-Maturity Account. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall apply funds standing to the Pre-Maturity Account to 
repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on its Maturity Date in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
If the Issuer fully repays the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date thereof, any 
amount of cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account after such repayment shall be applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, unless: 
(A) 
the Issuer does not satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, in which case the cash will remain credited on the Pre-Maturity Account and be used to provide 
liquidity for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(B) 
the Issuer does satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
but the Issuer resolves to retain the cash on the Pre-Maturity Account in order to provide liquidity for 
any future Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing the Issuer to do so, the 
Additional Sellers, if any) must ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests described below. 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until 
the Programme Termination Date that each of the following tests is met: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage 
Loan in respect of which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking into 
account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage 
limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor plus the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of all Series of Covered 
Bonds at the same time outstanding, provided that the Minimum OC Requirement shall at all time be 
met (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present 
Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”); and 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the 
interest payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the 
“Interest Coverage Test”), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”). 
“Net Available Redemption Funds” means (i) the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts plus (ii) 
without duplication with (i), the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets, 
Liquid Assets and Eligible Investments, without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
is comprised in the Selected Assets minus (iii) the amounts required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds 
which mature on the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and all amounts to be applied on the 
next following Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the 
amounts to be paid on the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of  
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that the interest payments expected to be received in respect 
of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth 
under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d), of the CRR, will be considered up to an amount that, 
taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with 
such percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation Periods until the date on which all 
the outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of 
principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each 
and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on the Accounts and 
any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each and all respective 
Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to 
or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap 
Agreements; and 
(ii) the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and 
including payments under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates. 
“Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due in respect 
of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under 
or in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest 
payments in respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the 
percentage limit set forth under Article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (d), of the CRR will be considered 
up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, 
allows compliance with such percentage limit) and the aggregate amount of all sums standing 
to the credit of Accounts (subject to the Exposure Limit, and minus any amount deposited to 
the Collection Account or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any 
Eligible Institution pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of 
the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with 
the relevant Priority of Payments up to the Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date; plus  
(ii) the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap 
Agreements; minus 
(iii) the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments (including the Expected Maintenance and 
Administration Cost); plus 
(iv) any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool and not 
yet applied under the relevant Priority of Payments, subject to Exposure Limit as applicable.  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means, as at any relevant date, the aggregate of the Receivables, the Integration Assets 
and the Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, excluding (i) any Non Performing Loans and those 
Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets in relation to which a breach of any of the representations 
and warranties contained in the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement has occurred and has not been remedied 
and (ii) the aggregate of the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Limit and (iii) 
unsecured receivables, in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs, as provided by article 7-
undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130. 
“Non Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or 
which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this definition differs from the classification of Non Performing Loan used in the section headed 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable by the 
relevant obligor or guarantor, but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business Days. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best market 
practice and calculated based on market instruments.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
“Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs” means any expected cost related to maintenance and 
administration for the winding-down of the Programme appraised as an all-in sum equal to Euro 100,000.00 
(one hundred thousand/00). 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify compliance, on a continuous bases, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be, it being understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be performed consistently with the 
provisions set out in article 7-undecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met as at any relevant date 
if the Asset Coverage Test is met as at such date. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be monitored and 
verified from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage Test”, and together with the Mandatory Tests, the 
“Tests”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Y-W-Z 
where: 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover 
Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of: (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period; and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied 
by M (where M is equal to (a) 80 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears 
or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears, but 
are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) zero for all Non Performing Loans (including any unsecured 
loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred)), 
minus

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(A) 
a Mortgage Loan was, during the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
relevant Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required 
by the terms of the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an “Affected 
Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will 
be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant 
Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in 
any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, 
the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against 
any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer to 
indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); and/or 
(C) 
the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the applicable legislation and 
regulations (normativa primaria e secondaria), including any order, decree or any other decision issued 
by the judiciary authority (autorità giudiziaria) or administrative authority (autorità amministrativa) or 
any other competent authority, or to the schemes with the relevant associations (accordi con le 
associzioni di categoria), including without limitation the scheme named “Accordo per il Credito 2015” 
between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the associations of enterprises for suspension of the 
debts of small and medium enterprises, according to Italian law No. 190/2014, and the scheme named 
“Accordo per la sospensione del credito alle famiglie” between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and 
the associations of consumer clients dated 31 March 2015 as amended and supplemented, during the 
suspension period (any such Mortgage Loan a “Renegotiated Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Renegotiated Loan multiplied 
by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, 
payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent. for all Renegotiated 
Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 90 
days but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per cent. for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at 
such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days);  
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be calculated as the lower 
of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
Loans that are less than three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent. for Mortgage Loans 
that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) zero for all 
Non Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), calculated 
as described in item (i)(a) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as described in item (i)(b) 
above, calculated as described in item (i)(c) above,  
the result of which multiplied by the “Asset Percentage” (as defined below); 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of Accounts (minus any amount deposited 
to the Collection Account or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any Eligible 
Institution pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to the 
Exposure Limit, as applicable, at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Investments and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (taking into account any Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in excess of the 
Exposure Limit pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements for the purpose of complying with the Asset 
Coverage Test) as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts under “B” above); 
“Y” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Set-Off Amounts; 
“W” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Commingling Amount; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) 0.50 per cent. (the “Negative Carry Factor”); 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date 
on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the 
lower of (a) 84.03 per cent. and (b) the higher of (1) such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf 
of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned by Moody’s to the Covered Bonds of the first 
Series on the Initial Issue Date; and (2) to the extent that the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s is at the 
relevant date lower than the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s as at the Initial Issue Date, such other 
percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to obtain a rating of the Covered 
Bonds equal to the rating that Moody’s would have assigned by applying the same Moody’s methodology used 
to assign the rating to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date and considering a scenario 
where the corporate rating of the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date was such lower rating; 
“Latest Valuation” means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with 
article 208, paragraph 3 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and the BoI Regulations; 
“Potential Commingling Amount” means: 
(i) 
an amount equal to 2.1 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but 
excluding any Non-performing Loans; or

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(ii) if the Second Moody’s Rating Trigger is outstanding and (x) any of the remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) 
or (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to zero or (y) none of the 
remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) and (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount 
equal to 2.52 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but excluding 
any Non-performing Loans. 
The Potential Commingling Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis;  
A “Second Moody’s Rating Trigger” will be deemed to be outstanding if the Issuer’s short term unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt ratings assigned by Moody’s are at any time below “P2” by Moody’s; 
“Potential Set-Off Amounts” means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that could 
potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any case will 
never be lower than the Moody’s Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on each Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, except 
when the Issuer’s short term rating is at least “P1” by Moody’s. The Potential Set-Off Amounts will be updated 
at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of Receivable and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
to the Guarantor.; 
“Moody’s Set-Off Exposure” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure 
for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction 
in each case as at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash 
multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with 
the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any 
"over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction in each case as at the Transfer Date of the relevant 
Mortgage Loan, minus the Moody’s Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as at the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
“Moody’s Deposit Compensation” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under 
the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller at the Transfer Date of 
the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller as at the relevant date, 
minus an amount equal to the instalments due and paid under the relevant Mortgage Loan during the 
immediately preceding two months, and (b) zero; and 
(ii) the Compensation Threshold; 
“Compensation Threshold” means Euro 100,000.00; 
“Transfer Date” means, in respect of each Receivable arising under a Mortgage Loan, the later of (i) the date 
on which the relevant notice of assignment has been published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Italiana and (ii) the date on which the relevant notice of assignment has been deposited with the relevant 
Companies’ Register. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) 
and any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day 
on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation 
Test”). 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the “Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Z 
where: 
“A” is the aggregate amount calculated as the sum of the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M. 
For the purposes of items (1) and (2) above, M is equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up 
to three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months In Arrears but are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent. for all Non Performing Loans 
(including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred). 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(I) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, an Affected Loan. In this event, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated 
on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M (where M is equal to 
(a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, and (b) 
85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet Non 
Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent. for all Non Performing Loans (including any unsecured loans in 
respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has occurred); and/or 
(II) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in 
any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
the Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) above and to be set off 
against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer 
to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); and/or 
(III) 
any Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, a Renegotiated Loan. In this 
event, the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover 
Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to 
be reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of each 
Renegotiated Loan calculated as the lower of (1) and (2) in “A” above multiplied by M (where M is 
equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been 
suspended for less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent. for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at 
such date, payments have been suspended for more than 90 days but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per 
cent. for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been suspended for 
more than 180 days).  
“B” is the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Cover 
Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been provisioned as at the 
relevant Calculation Date to acquire further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets or otherwise provisioned in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“C” is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets and/or Eligible Investments and/or 
Liquid Assets as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period up to the Exposure Limit, as 
applicable. 
“Z” is the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice) and on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is 
deemed to be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
A breach of the Amortisation Test will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to deliver an Acceleration Notice to the Guarantor in accordance with 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below. 
The Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and in accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-
duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, 
the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid Assets 
standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow 
of the Programme over the next 180 days.  
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the 
credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 
130. 
For so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall verify – on the 
basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other 
day on which the calculation of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. For the avoidance of 
doubt all verifications made by the Calculation Agent will be based on the information provided by the Issuer, 
the Servicer, the Seller, the Account Banks and the Paying Agents as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
If, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or each other day on which the calculation of 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon 
notice of the Calculation Agent delivered in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer shall, or any additional Seller shall, upon indication of the Issuer, alternatively: 
(i) 
sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or the 
relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement, as the case may be, and, to this extent, shall grant the 
funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement or the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, as the case may 
be; and/or  
(ii) 
repurchase assets by exercising the call option provided for under the BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
or the relevant Additional Master Transfer Agreement, in accordance with and subject to the terms set 
out therein, and/or 
(iii) 
grant to the Guarantor funds under the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement or the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, as the case may be,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as 
practicable. 
For the entire period while the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, no further Series or Tranche 
of Covered Bonds may be issued being compliant with Law 130. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below. 
Exposure Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Calculation Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Exposure Limit has been correctly calculated on each 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation of the 
Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be. For the avoidance of doubt such calculation is performed with respect to the 
Eligible Cover Pool as of the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of the Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Limit is not correctly calculated, 
the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Initial Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such calculation (sending

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In addition, the Issuer may, or any 
Additional Seller shall, upon indication of the Issuer:  
(i) 
each in its capacity as Seller, sell sufficient Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement or the relevant 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement, as the case may be; and/or  
(ii) each in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, request the Guarantor to reimburse the subordinated 
loan in accordance with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement or the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement, as the case may be,  
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Limit is complied with the terms and conditions 
set out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
After the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and if the Amortisation Test is not breached, if the Exposure 
Limit is not complied with, the Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, and, acting upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders and on the basis of the Test 
Performance Report, shall give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing 
on the Investment Account in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under article 
129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b) of CRR. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below. 
Minimum OC Requirement 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent will verify the Minimum OC Requirement as part of the Nominal 
Value Test on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor), the Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition 
to the Amortisation Test being met in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) that the 
Minimum OC Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each 
other day on which the calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
If, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the calculation 
of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be verified pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Minimum OC 
Requirement is not reached, the Calculation Agent shall send a written notice within 2 Business Days, to the 
Servicer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, then the Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall: 
(i) 
give instructions to the Cash Manager to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the Investment 
Account in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under article 129 
paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR and/or;

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
(ii) instruct the Cover Pool Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the 
Minimum OC Requirement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at 
all times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
an “Initial Collection Account” in relation to the Receivables purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
the “Expenses Account”; and 
(c) 
the “Quota Capital Account”, a euro-denominated deposit account or any other account as may replace 
it in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement into which the sum representing 
100 per cent. of the Guarantor’s equity capital (equal to Euro 10,000) has been deposited and will remain 
deposited therein for so long as all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer have been paid in 
full. 
The Guarantor may open and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at all 
times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Additional Collection Accounts” and, together with the Initial Collection Account, the “Collection 
Accounts” and, any one of them, a “Collection Account” in relation to the Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets purchased by the Guarantor from each Additional Seller pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) the “Securities Account”;  
(c) 
the “Investment Account”; 
(d)  the “Liquidity Buffer Account”; and 
(e) 
the “Liquidity Buffer Securities Account” (which, together with the Collection Accounts, the Expenses 
Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Investment Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer 
Account (if any) are referred to as the “Italian Accounts”). 
Collection Accounts 
(i) 
Payments into the Collection Accounts: 
(a) 
all the collections and/or recoveries arising out of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets as they are collected and/or received and deposited by the Servicer in 
accordance with the Servicing Agreement;  
(b) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets under the Master Transfer Agreements and the 
Servicing Agreement;  
(c) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreements and to be used for the purposes 
of creating Eligible Deposits; and 
(d) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Collection Accounts (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Collection Accounts:

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
(a) 
on or about each Guarantor Payment Date the amount necessary to fund the Payments Account, 
then standing to the credit of each Collection Account, will be transferred to the Payments 
Account by the Italian Account Bank; and 
(b) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the amount necessary to fund the Expense Required Amount. 
Expenses Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount was credited on the Expenses Account 
out of the interest collections received from the Initial Receivables credited to the Initial 
Collection Account during the period starting from the Initial Valuation Date and ending on the 
Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals 
the Expense Required Amount; and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Expenses Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
at any time the Italian Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account to pay the Expenses on the basis of the payment instructions from time to time received 
from the Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer; and 
(b) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account will be transferred to the Payments Account and used to 
make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
Securities Account 
(i) 
Securities delivery into the Securities Account: 
A Securities Account into which all securities constituting Eligible Investments made upon instruction by 
the Investment Agent with the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account, pursuant to any 
order of the Investment Agent, and all Integration Assets consisting of securities and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) will be deposited. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Securities Account: 
(a) 
on each relevant Liquidation Date, by 13:00 (Italian time) the Eligible Investments standing to 
the credit of the Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds (including any interest or 
revenue accrued on such Eligible Investments) credited to the Investment Account by the Cash 
Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13:00 (Italian time) of the 
last day of the relevant Collection Period; and 
(b) 
the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other than Liquid Assets 
deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) will be liquidated in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and proceeds (including any interest or revenue accrued 
on such Eligible Investments and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets) credited to the

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Investment Account by the Cash Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later 
than 13:00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any investment 
made by using Available Funds other than Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the 
Payments Report Date falling nine months after the Payments Report Date immediately preceding the 
Investment Date on which investments were made by using Principal Available Funds. 
Investment Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Investment Account: 
(a) 
an Investment Account may be opened in the future into which (i) amounts standing to the 
credit of the Payments Account and the Reserve Account will be deposited upon discretion of 
the Investment Agent and (ii) on each Liquidation Date, by 15:00 (Italian time), or any other 
relevant date upon liquidation of the Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the proceeds of the liquidation of the relevant 
Eligible Investments and Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets consisting of securities (other 
than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) standing to the credit 
of the Securities Account and the interest accrued on the investments until the end of the 
Collection Period, if any, will be credited; and 
(b) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Investment Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto; 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Investment Account: 
(a) 
the funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) will be used to make Eligible 
Investments in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Investment 
Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the relevant Eligible 
Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection 
Period, if any, will be transferred to the Payments Account or the Reserve Account, as 
applicable;  
(c) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Investment Account will be transferred to the Payments Account and used 
to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; and 
(d)  
following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the servicing of a Notice to Pay on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor, all or part of the amounts standing to the credit thereof may be 
applied by the Cash Manager in Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Liquidity Buffer Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(a) 
a Liquidity Buffer Account may be opened in the future into which Liquid Assets (other than 
securities) may be credited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, including 
through an advance of the Subordinated Loan pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreements;

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
(b) 
the proceeds from the liquidation of the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Securities Account, also including the interest accrued on securities constituting Liquid 
Assets, will be credited; and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto; 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Account: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued 
on the credit balance of the Liquidity Buffer Account, will be transferred to the Payments 
Account; and 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay, any amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment 
Date, into the Payments Account. 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account 
(i) 
Securities delivery into the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
(a) 
a Liquidity Buffer Securities Account may be opened in the future into which all securities 
constituting Liquid Assets will be deposited for the purpose of the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount; 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account: 
(a) 
upon instructions of the Guarantor (as directed by the Issuer before the occurrence Notice to 
Pay or by the Cover Pool Manager following a Notice to pay and before an Acceleration 
Notice), the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account may 
be liquidated and proceeds credited to the Liquidity Buffer Account. 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at 
all times maintain with the English Account Bank, in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured 
Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Payments Account” 
(i) 
Payments into the Payments Account: 
(a) 
on each Business Day, by 13:00 (Italian time) any amount standing on the balance of the 
Collection Accounts will be credited to the Payments Account; 
(b) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap 
Agreements will be credited to the Payments Account, except for collateral to be credited 
to the relevant Collateral Account; 
(c) 
all other payments paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents 
including – for the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Sellers in accordance 
with the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements will be credited to the Payments Account; 
(d) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Selected Assets under 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(e) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts held with the English Account Bank (except 
as otherwise provided in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement);

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
(f) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the 
Investment Account and, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Liquidity Buffer 
Account and, on the relevant Liquidation Date, the proceeds of the liquidation of the 
amounts invested from the Payments Account in the Eligible Investments and Integration 
Assets consisting of securities, during the applicable preceding Collection Period, if any, 
will be transferred to the Payments Account; 
(g) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay but before an Acceleration Notice, any amount 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account shall be transferred 1 (one) Business 
Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date, into the Payments Account; 
(h) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account will be transferred to the Payments 
Account; and 
(i) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Payments Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments 
Report, will, no later than 13:00 (Italian time), make those payments as are indicated in 
the relevant Payments Report in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
(including any payment as purchase price of Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets) other than those set out in paragraph (c) below; 
(b) 
the English Account Bank will transfer from the Payments Account to the Investment 
Account (if any) upon instruction of the Investment Agent, all or part of the funds credited 
on, and standing to the credit of, the Payments Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
and 
(c) 
one Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after the delivery of a 
Notice to Pay, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report, will 
transfer to the Italian Paying Agent Account the amounts necessary for the Italian Paying 
Agent to execute payments of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding 
Covered Bonds. 
“Investment Date” means any date in which the Investment Agent elects to make investments according 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Any “Collateral Account/s” opened in respect of any Swap Counterparty, which shall be operated in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
relevant Swap Agreement entered into between the Guarantor and such Swap Counterparty. 
The “Reserve Account” (which, together with the Payments Account and the Collateral Account(s), are 
referred to as the “English Accounts”).  
(i) 
Payments into the Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Reserve Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account 
equals the relevant Required Reserve Amount on such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(b) 
on the relevant Liquidation Date the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested 
from the Reserve Account in the Eligible Investments and Integration Assets consisting of 
securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the Reserve 
Account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount will be 
applied by the Cash Manager as Interest Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
the English Account Bank will transfer from the Reserve Account to the Investment 
Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and 
standing to the credit of, the Reserve Account on the relevant Investment Date provided 
that any investments made by using such funds shall be liquidated no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date identified under paragraph (a) of the definition 
of “Liquidation Date”; 
(c) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a Notice to Pay, the funds 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account which are available on such Guarantor 
Payment Date to be applied by the Cash Manager as Interest Available Funds in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; 
(d) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the 
Reserve Account, if any, will be transferred to the Payments Account; and 
(e) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Payments Account 
and used to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account 
becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Group (including funding of the mortgage loans business of the Group); 
or 
(b) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets, meeting the applicable Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Only Tranches or Series of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or 
Eligible Sustainability Assets, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any other criteria specified 
in the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Framework which is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) may qualify as credible 
“Green Bonds”, “Social Bonds” or “Sustainability Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (“ICMA”) Green Bond 
Principles (“GBP”), Social Bond Principles (“SBP”) and Sustainability Bond Guidelines (“SBG”), only Tranches of 
Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and Eligible Sustainable 
Assets, respectively, will be denominated Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, respectively. 
In accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework: 
- 
the net proceeds of each issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds will not be used to finance or refinance any 
asset or investment related to: fossil fuels, nuclear energy, weapons, alcohol, gambling, adult entertainment, 
or tobacco. Furthermore, businesses with significant involvement in environmental controversies or social 
incidents such as human rights, labour rights, health and safety at work or negative impacts on communities 
will also be excluded under the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; 
- 
decisions relating to the selection and evaluation of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets will be made by an ESG committee, comprising members of the Board of Directors of 
the Group as well as Issuer’s top representatives from all relevant business departments involved in the 
origination of the Eligible Assets, with full knowledge of the technical and sustainability characteristics of the 
Eligible Assets. With regards to the general ESG risk management, in the unlikely event an Eligible Asset is 
subject to a material ESG controversy, as determined by the Issuer’s ESG committee, it will be removed from 
the Eligible Asset Portfolio;  
- 
the Issuer’s finance department will be responsible for managing and monitoring the allocation of the net 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to the Eligible Asset Portfolio; 
- 
pending the full allocation of the proceeds or in the unlikely case of insufficient Eligible Assets, the Issuer will 
temporarily hold any unallocated funds in the Group’s treasury investment portfolio, in accordance with its 
liquidity policy and ESG Investment Policy;  
- 
the allocation of the net proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be subject to 
an external verification from an independent third party until full allocation, or in the event of significant 
changes in the allocation of proceeds. The post-issuance external verification report will be published by the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework).  
The Issuer will publish an annual green, social and sustainability bond report on its website detailing both the 
allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued, as well as the 
associated environmental and social impacts of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. The Issuer will also report on any

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
material developments of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. This reporting commitment of the Eligible Asset Portfolio will 
cease once all Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds have matured. 
For the purposes of this section:  
"Eligible Asset Portfolio" means the asset portfolio identified as such in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework, 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Eligible Green Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, published by the 
Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as 
may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds.  
"Eligible Social Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Social Bond Framework, published by the 
Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as 
may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
"Eligible Sustainability Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, published 
by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered 
Bonds. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
“ESG Investment Policy” means the ESG investment policy prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's Green 
Bond 
Framework, 
published 
by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer have appointed ISS Corporate Solutions (“ICS”) to provide an independent Second Party Opinion 
(“Second Party Opinion”) to confirm the validity of the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Framework and 
its alignment with ICMA’s Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles, and Sustainability Bond Guidelines. The 
Second Party Opinion also includes an assessment of the compliance of the Eligible Green Assets with the EU 
Taxonomy substantial contribution criteria for Climate Change Mitigation on a best effort basis. The Second Party 
Opinion is published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-
prospetti/esg-framework). 
The information on the websites does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the competent authority.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between BPER as Initial Seller and 
the Guarantor, as subsequently amended, (the “BPER Master Transfer Agreement”), the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred without recourse (pro soluto) to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary receivables arising 
from Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Receivables”) and (b) may assign and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) 
further monetary receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the “Subsequent Receivables”) and/or Integration 
Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor from time to time. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned prior 
to the Implementation Date or, with respect to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, set out in 
article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Valuation Date” means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 30 September 2011; and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Receivables. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the purchase price for the 
Subsequent Receivables, the Integration Assets and Liquid Assets will be determined pursuant to the provisions 
of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Further assignments of Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
In accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
may (or, in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Tests shall) transfer further Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
to collateralise the issue of further Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, each being an Issuance 
Assignment; 
(b) 
to invest (in whole or in part) the principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the 
Receivables and/or Principal Available Funds deriving from Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, 
provided that no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
each being a Revolving Assignment; 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount and the Exposure Limit in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, each 
being an Integration Assignment. 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, in the event of breach of any or all of the Mandatory Tests 
or the Asset Coverage Test, BPER shall, or in the event of breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Exposure Limit, BPER will have the faculty to, sell further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets, as the case may be, in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, in 
aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or the 
Exposure Limit are met in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
Further assignments 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Receivables, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
shall be conditional upon:

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
(a) 
for the Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests and 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with;  
(b) 
for the Issuance Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan, to pay 
the relevant purchase price; and 
(c) 
for the Integration Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
and/or, only prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available 
Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) 
confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test, the 
Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with. 
Each portfolio of Subsequent Receivables shall be exclusively composed of monetary receivables arising under 
Mortgage Loans, which comply with the General Criteria and, if applicable in relation to the relevant transfer, 
the Specific Criteria specified in the relevant offer for sale sent by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Price adjustments 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable 
does not meet the Criteria and was therefore erroneously transferred to the Guarantor, then such Initial 
Receivable or Subsequent Receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any initial receivable or subsequent receivable 
which met the Criteria was not included in the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Receivables, then 
such Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred 
to the Guarantor as of the Valuation Date of the relevant Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable, 
pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor have set up a proper 
mechanism to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or acquisition of the relevant Initial 
Receivables or Subsequent Receivables and the increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the amounts already 
paid as purchase price. 
Repurchase of receivables and pre-emption right 
(a) 
The Initial Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian civil code, to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables, Subsequent Receivables, the Integration Assets and /or the Liquid 
Assets assigned by it, also in different tranches, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in 
the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
(b) 
According to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller is granted a pre-emption right to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables, Subsequent Receivables, the Integration Assets and /or the Liquid 
Assets assigned by it, to be sold by the Guarantor to third parties, at the same terms and conditions 
provided for such third parties. 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Subsequent Receivables 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
any of the following: (a) the Programme Termination Date has occurred; or (b) a Notice to Pay has been served 
on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof, “Programme Termination Date” means the date falling one year prior to the 
termination of the Guarantor according to the relevant By-laws.  
Moreover, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Receivables or Integration Assets or Liquid 
Assets from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a breach of material 
obligations of BPER as Initial Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the event 
such breach is not cured within the period specified in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise 
not curable; (b) any material breach of BPER’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and such breach has a material adverse effect on the Covered Bondholders; 
(c) a material adverse change has occurred in respect of BPER; (d) a change of control of BPER which has 
caused BPER not to be part of the BPER Group; and (e) winding up of BPER, or opening of other bankruptcy 
or insolvency proceeding with respect to BPER. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to 
purchase Subsequent Receivables or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets from BPER without prejudice, 
however, with the provisions set out in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement in relation to Integration 
Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Initial Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets. The Initial Seller has 
undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables, the Integration 
Assets and the Liquid Assets which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any Receivables, the 
Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets and, in particular, not to assign or transfer the Receivables, the 
Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets to any third party or to create any security interest, charge, lien or 
encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and 
the Liquid Assets. The Initial Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of 
the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets to become invalid or cause a reduction in the 
amount of any of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Initial Seller shall waive any set off rights in 
respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets, and co-operate actively with the 
Guarantor in any activity concerning the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a member of the BPER Group (each an 
“Additional Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and which, 
for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially 
the same terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each an “Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the “Master Transfer 
Agreements” and, any one of them, a “Master Transfer Agreement”); and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached to 
the Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, respectively.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
Governing law 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Guarantor appointed BPER (in such capacity, the “Servicer”) as servicer of the Receivables, the Public 
Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of a servicing agreement dated 2 
November 2011, as subsequently amended (the “Servicing Agreement”).  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with 
the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to 
be responsible for the management of the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets 
respectively assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione dei crediti 
ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides 
that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, the 
following activities: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the 
Liquid Assets, as applicable, in accordance with the collection policies, management and administration 
of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
being responsible for data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) in respect of the 
data relating to the Receivables, the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets, as applicable, 
respectively assigned by it pursuant to Article 29 of the Legislative Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (the 
“Privacy Law”) and Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
27 April 2016 (the “GDPR”) and any implementing provisions thereof; 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the respective documents relating to the Receivables, the Public 
Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets, as applicable, respectively assigned by it; to consent to the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders examining and inspecting the documents 
and drawing copies; and 
(d) 
upon the service of a Notice to Pay or of an Acceleration Notice, to comply with the instructions of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer 
to sell to third parties one or more Receivables, Integration Assets Liquid Assets, in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except, inter alia, for 
the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 3 April 2015, No. 288, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the 
activities performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified 
for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparties and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, 
containing information as per the Servicer’s activities during the preceding Collection Period. After the 
occurrence of a breach of any of the Tests, and until the date on which such breach has been cured, or, prior to 
a breach of any of the Test, at any time at its discretion, the Servicer will prepare and submit to the Guarantor, 
the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, and the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties monthly reports. The 
reports will provide the main information relating to the Servicer’s activity during each such period. 
Successor Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have the 
right to withdraw the appointment of the relevant Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (each a 
“Successor Servicer”). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, 
management and collection of the relevant Receivables, Public Entity Securities and Liquid Assets, as 
applicable, in respect of which it has been appointed, as well as all other activities provided for in the relevant 
Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having substantially the same form and contents 
as the relevant Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following the 
occurrence of certain termination events set out in the Servicing Agreement (each a “Servicer Termination 
Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include, inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the relevant Servicer which failure continues for a 
period of five Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer of a written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
the Bank of Italy has proposed to the Minister of Finance to admit the relevant Servicer to any insolvency 
proceeding or a request for the judicial assessment of the insolvency of the relevant Servicer has been 
filed with the competent office or the relevant Servicer has been admitted to the procedures set out in 
articles 74 and 76 of the Italian Banking Act, or a resolution is passed by the relevant Servicer with the 
intention of applying for such proceedings to be initiated; 
(c) 
failure by the relevant Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of 
written notice from the Guarantor and such failure is reasonably deemed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
the representations and warranties made by the Servicer in the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party are materially false or misleading and such misrepresentation is reasonably deemed by the 
Representative of the covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities 
acting as servicer; and 
(f) 
the Servicer ceases to belong to the BPER Group.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, it is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Back-up Servicing Facilitation Agreement 
Under a back-up servicing facilitation agreement between the Guarantor, BPER as Servicer, Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as back-up servicing facilitator (the “Back-up Servicing Facilitator”) and as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (the “Back-up Servicing Facilitation Agreement”) entered into 
on 21 June 2021, Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. has committed itself, should BPER cease to act as 
Servicer of the Cover Pool, to use its best efforts in order to select an entity to be appointed as servicer on the 
same terms provided for in the Servicing Agreement. Any fees and commissions payable to the Back-up 
Servicer Facilitator shall be paid by BPER. 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity agreement, as 
subsequently amended, (the “BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial 
Seller made certain representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolios of Receivables, 
Public Entity Securities and Liquid Assets transferred and to be transferred by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent transfer 
date and as of each Issue Date, the Initial Seller has given to the Guarantor, inter alia, representations and 
warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the documents provided to the Guarantor, 
(c) its legal title on the Receivables and Public Entity Securities assigned by it, (d) the status of the Receivables 
and Public Entity Securities assigned by it and (e) the terms and conditions of the Receivables assigned by it. 
Pursuant to the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Initial Seller has undertaken to fully and 
promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against 
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for 
damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or 
warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being actually false, 
incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Initial Seller to perform any of the obligations and undertakings 
assumed by the Initial Seller under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
Moreover, the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement provides that, in the event of a misrepresentation or 
a breach of any of the representations and warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of one or more Receivables, Public 
Entity Securities and Liquid Assets or the interest of the Guarantor in such Receivables, Public Entity Securities 
and Liquid Assets, and such misrepresentation or breach is not cured, whether by payment of damages or 
indemnification or otherwise, by the Initial Seller within a period of 30 (thirty) days from receipt of a written 
notice from the Guarantor to that effect (the “Cure Period”), the Guarantor has the option, pursuant to article 
1331 of the Italian civil code, to assign and transfer to the Initial Seller all of the Receivables, Public Entity 
Securities and Liquid Assets affected by any such misrepresentation or breach (the “Affected Receivables”). 
The Guarantor will be entitled to exercise the put option by giving to the Initial Seller, at any time during the 
period commencing on the Business Day immediately following the last day of the Cure Period and ending on

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
the day which is 180 days after such Business Day, written notice to that effect (the “Put Option Notice”). 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor, will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions 
of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an “Additional Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements”). 
Governing law 
The BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended, (the “BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has 
granted to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the 
BPER Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make advances to 
the Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the Liquid 
Assets transferred from time to time to the Guarantor by it, including the Subsequent Receivables or Integration 
Assets or Liquid Assets to be transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by the 
Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan advanced 
to fund the purchase price of Receivables to be sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (each being 
an “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan advanced for the purpose of purchasing further Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in the framework of an Integration Assignment 
(each being an “Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying any amount 
required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables and/or 
Subsequent Receivables in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each being a “Price 
Adjustment Advance”); and (d) financing the creation and/or the maintenance of a cash reserve composed by 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (also in the form of bank deposit), or the purchase of other Liquid 
Assets, in order to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (each being an “Eligible Deposits or Liquid Assets 
Advance” and, together with any Issuance Advance, Integration Advance, Price Adjustment Advance, the 
“Advances”).  
The Guarantor shall pay any interest due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
“Subordinated Loan Interest” means: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and, in the event that such Notice to Pay has been revoked, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Interest Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (ix) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payment; or

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been revoked, but 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic 
calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments; or 
(c) 
following the service of an Acceleration Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic 
calculation of: 
(i) 
the amount of Available Funds; minus 
(ii) 
the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments. 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, should the rating of the Issuer fall below “Ba3” from 
Moody’s, the Issuance Advances shall be repayable on the date which is six months after the maturity date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Notwithstanding the above, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request 
from the Initial Seller, the Advances shall be repaid by the Guarantor prior to the date that matches the maturity 
date of the relevant series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, provided that the Calculation Agent confirms that, as a result of such early repayment, 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Mandatory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount will be complied with. 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets(other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions of 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement an “Additional Subordinated Loan 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan 
Agreements”). 
In such event, the portion of Subordinated Loan Interest to be paid to the Initial Seller and the relevant 
Additional Sellers will be determined on the basis of the formula to be agreed from time to time by the Initial 
Seller such Additional Sellers and the Guarantor (and indicatively based on the portion of assets transferred by 
each Seller at any date with respect to the aggregate amount of the Cover Pool at the same date). 
Governing law 
The BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of Law 130. 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee:

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
(i) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order 
of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any 
amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date; and 
(ii) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for 
the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on 
the Due for Payment Date. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis of Law 130 and article 4 of the MEF Decree as applicable until the Implementation 
Date, and articles 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter (c) and 7-quaterdecies of Law 130 as applicable from the 
Implementation Date, the guarantee provided under this Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand autonomous 
guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima richiesta) and therefore provides for direct and independent obligations 
of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. The obligation of payment under this Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall be an unconditional and irrevocable (irrevocabile) obligation of the Guarantor, irrespective of, 
and unaffected by, any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability or genuineness of any of the obligations of 
the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, with limited recourse to the Available Funds.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee is not a “fideiussione” and therefore the provisions of the Italian civil code 
relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della 
fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Obbligazione del fideiussore), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 
1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione 
futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
payment by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, 
subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, subject as described below in relation to an Article 74 Event or the occurrence 
of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. In 
addition, if an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms, where the Guarantor is 
required to make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the 
Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the extent that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking pari passu 
therewith in the relevant Priority of Payments, to pay such Guaranteed Amounts, it shall make partial payments 
of such Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments on such 
Maturity Date and any such amount due and remaining unpaid on such date may be paid by the Guarantor on 
any Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date, if 
applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default arising as a result of a resolution issued in respect of 
the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act (an “Article 74 Event”) and the service of a Notice to Pay, 
the Guarantor, in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130, shall be solely responsible 
for making the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts falling due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
during the applicable Suspension Period. The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Article 74 Event Cure Notice”), 
informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, provided that in relation to such cure event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled, if it deems appropriate, to receive and to rely upon 
prior confirmation from competent professionals of such cure event having occurred. Upon service of the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice and unless a Notice to Pay in connection with the occurrence of another Issuer Event of

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
Default has been otherwise served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligation to make payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee shall cease to apply and the Issuer 
shall resume responsibility for making any payment due under the Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
As of the date of compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or, to the greatest extent 
permissible by law and without prejudice to the Conditions 10(a)(E), resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer or 
following the service of an Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor shall, in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 7-quaterdecies paragraph 3 of Law 130, unless the Issuer has fulfilled its payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment Date, fulfil all obligations of 
the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders within the limit of the Cover Pool and in accordance with the terms 
and conditions originally set out for the Covered Bonds. 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will accelerate against the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions and will become immediately due and payable ranking pari passu 
and without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied 
in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the 
Italian Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law or regulation. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor will 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax 
authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any 
amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction. 
Exercise of rights 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor – also in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and with reference and as of the date of compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), or, to the greatest extent permissible by law and without prejudice to the Conditions, unless 
the Issuer has fulfilled its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date – shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the relevant Covered Bonds, so 
that the rights of the Covered Bondholders to receive payments under such Covered Bonds in such 
circumstances shall only be a right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal 
from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the 
Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
(directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall be subrogated in the rights of the 
Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the extent applicable, 
in compliance with the provisions of article 7-quaterdecies, of Law 130, the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
vis-à-vis the Issuer. Any amount so recovered from the Issuer shall form part of the Available Funds. 
As a result and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders) has irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Guarantor – to the Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer and to demand performance by 
the Issuer of any of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, including any right to enforce any 
acceleration of payment against the Issuer provided under the Conditions or under applicable laws and 
regulations.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such 
Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Due for Payment Date” means (a) at any time prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, a Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) at any time following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the date 
on which the Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business 
Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Tranche of Covered Bond, the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each 
case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an 
amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts 
and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after 
the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was 
paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and 
recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer, named or identified in the Order, and has not 
been paid or recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, the day which is two Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on the Guarantor in 
respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Notice to Pay has not been served by the relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, the relevant CB Payment Date that would have been applicable if the Maturity Date 
of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date and such other CB Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where applicable 
after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each 
case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amounts relating to premiums, default 
interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional 
Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable 
prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB 
Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) 
as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early redemption, 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer following the service 
of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the 
Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that 
an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to article 
74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer and ending on the date on which the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing 
such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, 
shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that falls due and payable during such period. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended (the “Corporate Services Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor 
with certain corporate, administrative and accounting services, including the keeping of the corporate books 
and of the accounting and tax registers. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, BPER in 
any capacity, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment Agent, the English Account Bank, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the 
Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes 
to the Intercreditor Agreement (with the exception of the Guarantor, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties 
agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor’s 
payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of 
the payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject 
to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Under the Intercreditor Agreement, as security for the discharge of the Secured Amounts, the Guarantor has 
undertaken to create the securities under the Italian Deed of Pledge and the English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment (the “Security”). 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the Secured Creditors have irrevocably 
agreed that, upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities provided 
by the Cover Pool Administration Agreement following the service of an Acceleration Notice and (b) to 
exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the Guarantor, 
also in the interest and for the benefit of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, 
and Article 1726 of the Italian civil code), any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights, including, without limitation, 
the right to give instructions, under each relevant Transaction Document, to each of the Italian Account Bank, 
the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Providers, the Servicer, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer and any 
other Secured Creditors. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result 
of its taking any action or failing to take any action in accordance with such mandate, except in the case of its 
willful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o colpa grave). 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Issuer will publish, on its website and at least on a quarterly basis, 
a report containing information on the Programme as required by, article 7-septiesdecies of Law 130 and Section 
V of the BoI Regulations. 
“Guarantor’s Rights” means the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Cover Pool, any rights that 
the Guarantor has under the Transaction Documents and any other rights that the Guarantor has against any 
Secured Creditors (including any applicable guarantors or successors) or third parties in connection with the 
Programme. 
“Secured Amounts” means all amounts due, owing or payable by the Guarantor, whether present or future, 
actual or contingent, to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bonds and the other Secured Creditors 
pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents, including, without limitations, all amounts due as payment of 
principal and interest, expenses, penalty interest and charges (including if incurred in connection with the 
recovery of sums due under any of the Transaction Documents and with the enforcement of the Security), fees, 
indemnities and damages, any amounts due as a result of any undue payment and/or unjust enrichment or as a 
consequence of any claw back action  and/or voidance of any payments made under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders entered into a cash management and agency agreement, as subsequently amended, (the 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement”), pursuant to which each of the English Account Bank, the 
Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment 
Agent, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent has 
undertaken to provide the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services, together with 
account handling and cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit 
of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
5 (five) Business Days after the end of the Calculation Period or any other date on which the Tests are 
to be performed and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Limit and the Minimum OC 
Requirement are to be verified pursuant to the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the English 
Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with a report together 
with account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the 
Accounts; 
(b) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will, inter alia, calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (including, if any, amounts due to, respectively, BPER pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreements) pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Cash Manager payments report to that effect (the “Payments 
Report”); 
(c) 
upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible 
Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will, prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders a report to that effect (the “Post-Acceleration Report”); 
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with an investors report (the 
“Investor Report”) which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the 
Covered Bonds; the Investor Report will be fully available at the Guarantor Calculation Agent web site 
no later than five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
the Principal Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in accordance 
with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents; and 
(f) 
after the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked 
in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Italian Paying Agent will 
make the payments due on the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Account Banks 
The Collection Accounts, the Securities Account (if any), the Investment Account (if any), the Payments 
Account, the Expenses Account, the Reserve Account, the Collateral Account(s) (if any), the Liquidity Buffer 
Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) (together the “Accounts”) have been 
opened and will be opened, as the case may be, in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the 
Account Banks, and the amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with 
the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Banks shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the 
Accounts are maintained and such records will, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, as 
the case may be, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business 
of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Accounts, 
respectively, as of the close of business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; and (iii) details of all 
amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Accounts, respectively, in the course of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account Banks will inform the Guarantor and/or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of the Accounts 
which are held with it. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank shall always qualify as an Eligible Institution, and failure 
to so qualify shall constitute a termination event thereunder. 
Investment Agent 
During each Collection Period, the Investment Agent may instruct the Italian Account Bank and the Cash 
Manager to invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) 
for the settlement of Eligible Investments which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated 
thereby, and principal thereof, will be transferred to the Investment Account, and will form part of the Available 
Funds on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types and 
amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on 
which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On or prior to the Investors Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer and the Rating Agency, the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover 
Pool and the Covered Bonds. 
On each Payments Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed on 
the following Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and submit 
to the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Banks 
and the Corporate Servicer the relevant Payments Report. The Payments Report will set out the Available Funds 
and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report will be available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments and (b) the fees due and payable to the Servicer on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date shall be equal to the amount specified in the last available Payments Report. In such 
circumstances no payments or provisions will be made under the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority 
of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Payments Account and shall be considered as 
Available Funds and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. If the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent is notified or informed by the transaction party in charge to determine the relevant amounts 
that any assumptions made by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and referred to above are wrong, then the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, on the immediately following Calculation Date, shall prepare a Payments Report 
including the relevant incorrect amounts assumed, with the purpose to off-setting such amounts with any 
amounts due and payable on the next following Guarantor Payment Date. Subject to receipt of the Servicer’s 
Report and any of the other information to be delivered pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement on each subsequent Calculation Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare a Payments 
Report taking into account all the relevant adjustments and recalculations reflecting any difference between (i) 
the amounts paid on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and (ii) the amounts that would have been payable on the preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date had the Servicer’s Report being duly received by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such amounts 
shall be applied to make payments under the relevant Priority of Payments. If the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
is notified or informed by the transaction party in charge to determine the relevant amounts that any assumptions 
made by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and referred to above are wrong, then the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, on the immediately following Calculation Date, shall prepare a Payments Report including the relevant 
incorrect amounts assumed, with the purpose to off-setting such amounts with any amounts due and payable on 
the next following Guarantor Payment Date. Subject to receipt of the Servicer’s Report and any of the other 
information to be delivered pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement on each subsequent 
Calculation Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare a Payments Report taking into account all the 
relevant adjustments and recalculations reflecting any difference between (i) the amounts paid on the preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and (ii) the amounts 
that would have been payable on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date had the Servicer’s Report being duly 
received by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent shall, on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible Investments and the amounts 
of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor 
Agreement and will prepare and submit the Post-Acceleration Report to, inter alios, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, each of the Secured Creditors and the Rating Agency as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the date of request for its production and, in any event, no later than five Business Days following 
such request.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date. 
“Investors Report Date” means five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement, execute the payment instructions stated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and shall 
allocate the amounts standing on the Payments Account and the Reserve Account according to the relevant 
Priority of Payments on the basis of the Payments Report or the Post-Acceleration Report (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare the Test Performance Reports, subject to receipt by it of reports from the 
Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer. 
Principal Paying Agent 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Principal Paying Agent 
will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Italian Paying Agent 
After the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Italian Paying Agent shall make 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks, the Cash Manager or the Italian Paying 
Agent ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents 
in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms 
of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
Save for certain provisions which are governed by English law, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. 
The opening and managing provisions concerning the Payments Account, the Reserve Account and the 
Collateral Account(s), if any, (and the duties of the English Account Bank in respect thereof) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law. 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have entered into a cover pool 
administration agreement, as subsequently amended, (the “Cover Pool Administration Agreement”). Pursuant

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Initial Seller, and the Guarantor 
have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the 
Tests, or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or miscalculation of the Exposure Limit or of a breach of the 
Minimum OC Requirement (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests” below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until 
the Programme Termination Date that the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
For so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis and on 
each Calculation Date that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to or 
higher than the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”). 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) 
and any Additional Seller will ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day 
on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in 
the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify the compliance, on a continuous basis, with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, it being understood that calculation of the Mandatory Tests shall be 
performed consistently with the provisions set out in article 7-undecies, paragraph 2 of Law 130. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, that the Asset Coverage Test is 
met as of the date specified in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and, following the service of a Notice 
to Pay, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
Moreover, for so long as any Series of the Covered Bonds remain outstanding the Calculation Agent shall verify 
– on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that (a) 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or 
on each other day on which the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is to be met pursuant to the provisions of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and (b) the Exposure Limit has 
been correctly calculated on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
on which the Exposure Limit is to be verified pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the 
other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, that the Minimum OC Requirement is 
met as part of the Nominal Value Test and (ii) following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor), in addition to the Amortisation 
Test being met in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that the Minimum OC 
Requirement is met on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the calculation of the Minimum OC Requirement is to be met pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. The Calculation Agent has agreed to 
prepare and deliver, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other day on 
which the Test Performance Report is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, to the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Sellers, the Swap Counterparties, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agency and the Asset Monitor, a report setting out the 
calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests (the “Test Performance Report”). Such report shall 
specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or the Asset Coverage Test and/or the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Limit and, if applicable, the Amortisation Test and/or the Minimum 
OC Requirement. 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of 
any Test, the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent use 
the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in order 
to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor 
Integration Assets and/or Subsequent Receivables and/or Liquid Assets, in an amount sufficient to permit to 
satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation Date. Failing the Issuer to cure the Tests, any 
Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following Monthly 
Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the “Breach of Tests 
Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant Tests are not satisfied on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its 
sole discretion, and shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice), the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds) direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right 
of the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale 
shall be credited to the Payments Account and applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor shall, through a tender process, appoint a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of a 
recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of 
receivables, to act as cover pool manager (the “Cover Pool Manager”), on a basis intended to incentivise the 
Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, (if such terms are commercially available in the market), to advise

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
it in relation to the sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, other than Eligible 
Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement). The terms of the agreement giving effect to the 
appointment of the Cover Pool Manager in accordance with such tender shall be approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The instructions given to the Cover Pool Manager will be in line 
with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and will include the duty to prepare and send 
to the Rating Agency a business plan containing any relevant information on the sale of assets performed by it 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. The Servicer will be required to comply 
with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall 
accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the applicable obligations provided therein. 
Before offering Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) for 
sale in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Guarantor shall ensure that the assets to 
be offered for sale (the “Selected Assets”): (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) 
no more Selected Assets will be selected than it is necessary to raise disposal proceeds equal to the Adjusted 
Required Redemption Amount and (iii) have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the 
“Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount”) which is as close as possible to (and in any event no 
higher than) the amount calculated in accordance to the following formula: 
 
Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount 
X 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables and Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds then outstanding 
 
For the purposes of the formula above: 
“Adjusted Required Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Required Redemption Amount of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds; plus or minus  
(ii) any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered Bonds) 
or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
(iii) the Net Available Redemption Funds. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated 
as the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by 
(1+(Negative Carry Factor* (days to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds /365)). 
If:  
(i) 
there is more than one Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount of the Selected Assets selected in accordance with the formula above is not sufficient to 
redeem the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall ensure that additional Selected Assets 
are selected on a Random Basis for an amount such that the disposal proceeds expected to be realised 
from the sale of the aggregate Selected Assets will permit to effect timely payments on the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, provided, however, that

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
following the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with (assuming 
that the disposal proceeds realised from the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets are used exclusively to 
repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds); or 
(ii) there is only one Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor will be permitted to select more 
Selected Assets than it is expected to be necessary to raise disposal proceeds for an amount equal to the 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, provided that it will be required to offer the Selected Assets to 
purchasers for sale for the best price reasonably obtainable.  
Notwithstanding the above, following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor may, based on the 
evaluations carried out by the Cover Pool Manager taking into account the then relevant market conditions, sell 
additional Selected Assets on a Random Basis to meet the obligations in respect of any other Series of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding, provided that, prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets, the Amortisation 
Test is complied with. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that has the 
earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Random Basis” means any process which selects Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets 
(other than Eligible Deposits) on a basis that is not designated to favour the selection of any identifiable class 
or type or quality of assets over all the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) forming part of the Cover Pool. 
The Guarantor (through the Servicer) will offer the Selected Assets to purchasers for sale for the best price 
reasonably obtainable, but in any event for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount.  
If the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) have not been 
sold for a consideration at least equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date which is six 
months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date 
in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date), then the Guarantor will offer the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) for sale for the best price reasonably available, notwithstanding that the 
proceeds deriving from such sale may be less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount.  
The Guarantor (through the Servicer) will ensure that, in each case, the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller 
(if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
In respect of any sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits), the Guarantor will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that 
the Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) are sold as quickly 
as reasonably practicable (in accordance with the recommendations of the Cover Pool Manager) and for the 
best price reasonably obtainable, in each case taking into account the market conditions at that time and, where 
relevant, the scheduled repayment dates of the Covered Bonds, the Conditions and the terms of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale to different purchasers part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a “Partial 
Cover Pool”). Except in circumstances where the portfolio of Selected Assets is being sold within six months 
of the Maturity Date or, where the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has an Extended Maturity Date, prior to 
such Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, of the Series of Covered Bonds to be repaid from such proceeds,

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
the sale price of the Partial Cover Pool (as a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) shall 
be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Cover Pool bears to the relevant portfolio Selected Assets. 
If the Selected Assets are sold, then the Guarantor will enter into a sale and purchase agreement with the relevant 
purchasers which will require, inter alia, a cash payment from the relevant purchasers. Any such sale will not 
include any representation and warranties from the Guarantor or the relevant Seller in respect of the Selected 
Assets unless expressly otherwise agreed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or by the relevant 
Seller. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may transfer by way of novation or otherwise to the 
purchaser of Selected Assets or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to (i) the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, (ii) the 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and (iii) confirmation by Moody’s that any such 
novation or termination will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
If necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, the Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) may be sold first by the Guarantor and the proceeds applied in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Sale of Selected Asset following the service of an Acceleration Notice 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Servicer or, in the absence of the Servicer, the Cover Pool 
Manager to sell Selected Assets as quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably obtainable 
in each case taking into account the market conditions at that time, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial 
Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of 
any such sale shall be credited to the Payments Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments. In addition to the procedures described above (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided 
thereunder) the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
in addition to offering Selected Assets for sale to purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may offer to sell a portfolio of Selected Assets in 
respect of all the Series of Covered Bonds or to sell all Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool, in each case for the best price reasonably obtainable taking into 
account the market conditions at that time; and 
(ii) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct 
the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably obtainable, in each case taking into 
account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
entered into a quotaholders’ agreement, as subsequently amended, (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”) 
containing provisions and undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant 
to the Quotaholders’ Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has granted a call option in

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
favour of the Issuer to purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and the Issuer has granted 
a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. to sell to the Issuer the quota of the 
Guarantor quota capital held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.. 
Governing law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders, the Arranger and the initial Dealer entered into a programme agreement, as subsequently amended 
(the “Programme Agreement”), which contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be 
issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any 
Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, 
the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under any obligation 
to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the initial Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, 
expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on, 
breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (a) generally 
in respect of the Programme; or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market-making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have given certain representations and 
warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given by them in connection 
with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to the syndicated issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription Agreement 
(the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree 
to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor executed an Italian deed of pledge, as subsequently amended 
or extended (the “Italian Deed of Pledge”), pursuant to which the Guarantor has granted in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors, concurrently with the issue of the Covered Bonds, (i) an Italian law pledge over all monetary 
claims and rights and all the amounts (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits 
and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is entitled from time to time pursuant to Master Transfer Agreements, 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (other than the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement which are governed by English law), the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement; and (ii) an Italian law pledge over the securities from time to time owned by it as a result of 
investing in Eligible Investments deposited, from time to time, in the Securities Account. 
Governing law 
The Italian Deed of Pledge, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor executed a deed of charge (the “English Law Deed of Charge 
and Assignment”) pursuant to which the Guarantor will grant in favour of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders for itself and as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, inter alia, 
(i) an English law assignment by way of security of all the Guarantor’s rights under the Swap Agreements, the 
English-law governed provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and all present and future 
contracts, agreements, deeds and documents governed by English law to which the Guarantor may become a 
party in relation to the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool; (ii) an English law charge over the Payments 
Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral Accounts, any amounts standing to the credit of, or deposited 
in, such accounts and the rights and benefits arising from such accounts; and (iii) a floating charge over all of 
the Guarantor’s assets which are subject to the charge and assignments described under (i) and (ii) above and 
not effectively assigned thereunder. 
Governing law 
The English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor will execute a mandate agreement, as subsequently amended 
(the “Mandate Agreement”), pursuant to which the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable mandate to the

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Representative of Covered Bondholders for the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain 
circumstances indicated in the Mandate Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date with 
the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate, basis, and/or, if applicable, currency, risks 
in respect of, after the service of a Notice to Pay, amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of such Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle 
either party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to 
take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and 
obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated third-
party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to 
terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the 
respective Covered Bond Swap. 
Mortgage Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, the 
Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties. 
Any such Mortgage Pool Swap will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will 
entitle either party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the respective Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring 
all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap), the Guarantor 
will be entitled to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the 
respective Mortgage Pool Swap.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap, which may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty respectively, 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and will be subject to: 
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto or the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement with 
the Schedule thereto (each an “ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(b) the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); 
and 
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s). 
Pursuant to the relevant CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty or 
the downgrade of such Swap Counterparty’s credit support provider, as the case may be, and subject to the 
conditions specified in the CSA, such Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral (either cash or 
securities) to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the “Collateral”), 
to the Collateral Account opened in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty . 
Collateral (and all income in respect thereof) transferred to the relevant Collateral Account will only be available 
to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA. 
Any Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant CSA and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described 
in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to 
be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 – General remarks 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the securitisation 
process and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, added Articles 7-bis 
and 7-ter to the Italian Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as applicable until the entry into force of BoI Regulations, 
in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques in view of issuing covered bonds 
(obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
The Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as 
converted with amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as 
converted with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 and by Law Decree no. 34 of 30 April 2019, 
as converted with amendments into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of 
Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV Package 
and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the 
publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
which added a new Chapter 3 (“Obbligazioni bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions 
set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
As above mentioned, on 18 December 2019 the Covered Bond Directive and the Covered Bond Regulation, 
amending the CRR, have been published in the Official Journal of the European Union, with the aim of 
harmonising the regime on covered bonds in the European Union. 
In particular: 
(i) 
the Covered Bond Directive lays down rules on the issuance requirements, structural features, 
public supervision and publication obligations for covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the Covered Bond Regulation introduces some amendments to Article 129 of the CRR, providing 
for additional requirements for covered bonds to be eligible for the relevant preferential treatment. 
On 30 November 2021 the Decree 190/2021 implementing the Covered Bond Directive, which modified the 
Law 130, was published in the Official Gazette No. 285 of 30 November 2021 and entered into force on 1st 
December 2021. 
The Decree 190/2021 repealed Articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of the Law 130 (as applicable until the entry 
into force of the BoI Regulations) and introduced the new Title I-bis of the Law 130, which sets out the 
legislative framework applicable to covered bonds issued as of the adoption by the BoI Regulations. 
In accordance with the Decree 190/2021: 
(i) 
until the Implementation Date, covered bonds have been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the 
Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of the BoI Regulations, 
the MEF Decree, the previous version of the Bank of Italy “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
Banche” dated 17 December 2013 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013) and the previous 
version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
(ii) 
as of the Implementation Date, covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title 
I-bis of the Law 130, the BoI Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR as amended by the 
Covered Bond Regulation.  
Pursuant to Title I-bis of Law 130, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale 
(by way of non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of 
securitisation transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-novies of Law 130, where the 
sale is to a special purpose vehicle created in accordance with Article 7-septies of Law 130 and all amounts 
paid by the debtors are to be used by the relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations 
under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of other 
banks in connection with the issue of covered bonds (being the “Covered Bond Guarantee”). 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexies, paragraph 1, letter b) of the Law 130, the purchase price of the assets to be 
comprised in the cover pool shall be financed through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks 
selling the assets or a different bank. The payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan 
shall be subordinated to the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle vis-à-vis the covered 
bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned 
receivables and securities, the counterparties of any other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim 
in relation to any payment of other costs of the transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or which 
belong to banking groups which on a consolidated basis satisfy, certain requirements related to the regulatory 
capital and the solvency ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, where 
the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry for 
Economy and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 
came into force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, 
the assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 
of the Banking Act (such as Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the general 
register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims  
Pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the following assets may be assigned to the purchasing 
company: 
(A) 
provided that the issuing bank complies with the requirements set forth under Article 129, paragraphs 
1a, 1b, 1c, 1d, 2 and 3 of the CRR, eligible assets pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, 
including, inter alia: 
(i) mortgage receivables secured by residential real estate assets in accordance with article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (d) of the CRR (the “Residential Mortgage Receivables”); 
(ii) mortgage receivables secured by non residential real estate assets in accordance with article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (f) of the CRR (the “Non-Residential Mortgage Receivables” and, together 
with the Residential Mortgage Receivables, the “Mortgage Receivables”); and

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
(iii) Public Entity Securities (as defined below). 
(B) 
Liquid Assets. 
In addition, pursuant to article 7-novies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(i) 
the real estate assets securing the receivables must be located in an Admitted State (as defined below); 
(ii) 
such real estate assets must be insured against the risk of damage; 
(iii) if such the real estate asset is located in an Admitted State other than a Member State of the European 
Union, the relevant security interest must be enforceable in all relevant jurisdictions and may be enforced 
within a reasonable time; 
(iv) 
the hardening period for the claw back of the relevant security interest has elapsed; and 
(v) in case of assets which are not directly originated by the issuing bank, the issuing bank has performed an 
evaluation of the credit quality of the debtors prior to the transfer to the Cover Pool or has verified the 
adequacy of the credit quality evaluation criteria adopted by the originator of the eligible assets. 
For the purposes of this section, “Admitted States” means any States belonging to the European Economic 
Space and Switzerland. 
Ring Fencing of the assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and the 
financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of law 
be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the 
other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up of such a special 
purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the 
special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In addition, the assets relating 
to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued under any other covered 
bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. Law 130 provides, inter alia, that the 
bank accounts used in the context of securitisation or covered bonds transactions are not subject to actions or 
claims by parties other than the holders of the securities of the specific transaction and that the possible 
commencement of insolvency proceedings against the depositary does not give rise to the suspension of 
payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same depositary, even in connection 
with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the insolvency proceedings. Indeed, the Law 
Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 (Decreto Competitività) as converted with amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 
August 2014 (“Law Decree 91”) provides that such sums are immediately available, without any need for 
specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) in the context of the insolvency 
proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori dei piani di riparto o di restituzione di 
somme). 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4 of the 
Banking Act. The prevailing interpretation of this provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of 
Law 130, is that the assignment can be perfected against the originator, assigned debtors and third party creditors 
by way of publication of a notice in the Italian Official Gazette and by way of registration of such notice in the 
register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) at which the purchaser is registered, so avoiding the need for 
notification to be served on each debtor.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the notice, 
commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor to 
the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 of Royal 
Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), (the “Bankruptcy Law”) or, after the entry 
into force of the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time (the “Italian Insolvency Code”), article 166 or 164, paragraph 1 of the Italian 
and Insolvency Code; and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date of 
publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security 
interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and 
perfected with the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom other 
than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and other creditors for costs 
incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Receivables pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
was published in the Italian Official Gazette and was filed with the relevant Register of Enterprises. 
However, Article 7-octies, para. 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the 
assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given by way of 
publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public 
administrations. 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, article 166 of the Italian Insolvency 
Code, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the adjudication of 
bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies or, after the entry into force 
of the Italian Insolvency Code, paragraph 1 article 166 of the Italian Insolvency Code, within six months of the 
adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are subject 
to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, or, after the entry into force of the Italian 
Insolvency Code, of article 166, paragraph 4, of the Italian Insolvency Code, pursuant to which the provisions 
of Article 67 or, after the entry into force of the Italian Insolvency Code, of article 166 of the Italian Insolvency 
Code, relating to the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to 
certain transactions.

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be 
subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 of the Bankruptcy Law or, after the entry into force of 
the of the Italian Insolvency Code, Article 164 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
Coverage Requirements  
Pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent 
different from the issuer) will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are 
complied with: 
(a) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate nominal 
amount of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose 
vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in 
relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding 
covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the 
special purpose vehicle, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer under 
the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into in 
relation to the transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, inter alia, 
with the following criteria: 
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of Law 130, unsecured receivables, in the event of a 
default pursuant to Article 178 of the CRR, shall not contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of Law 130, the costs related to maintenance and 
administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds programme may be calculated as a lump sum; 
(iii) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of Law 130, the Liquid Assets shall contribute to the 
calculations of the mandatory tests provided that they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible 
assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of Law 130, the calculation of the interest generated 
by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG outstanding shall 
be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable accounting principles; 
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of Law 130, the methodologies for the calculation of 
the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria consistent with each other. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by the eligible 
assets pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, of the CRR, covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 
5% of overcollateralisation. 
The liquidity buffer requirement 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, for the 
entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the cover pool include a liquidity buffer amount that is at 
least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 days. 
The liquidity buffer requirement shall be met with the following liquid assets having the characteristics set forth 
in Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 (each being a Liquid Asset):

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
(i) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61); 
(ii) exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for credit quality 
steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit quality steps 1, 2 or 
3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited 
recourse to the portfolio of assets comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional 
and independent from the obligations assumed by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such 
obligations shall be a direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited 
recourse to the assets comprised in the cover pool, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability 
of any of the guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 7-
quaterdecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130 provides that the following provisions of the Italian civil code, generally 
applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), shall not apply: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione 
shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, para. 1, providing 
that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions 
more onerous than those pertaining to the main obligation; (c) Article 1944, para. 2, providing, inter alia, that 
the parties to the contract pursuant to which the fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be 
obliged to pay before the attachment is carried out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing 
that the guarantor can raise against the creditor any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is 
entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed 
debtor; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence 
of acts of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and 
liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be 
liable where the creditor – without the authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while 
being aware that the economic conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the receivable 
would have become significantly more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the guarantor 
will be liable also after the guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided that the creditor has 
filed its claim against the guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The Law 130 also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of the 
special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered Bond 
Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the 
issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130 provides that, in the event of breach by the 
issuer of its obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the 
obligations of the issuer – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions 
originally set out for the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory 
liquidation procedures (liquidazione coatta amministrativa).  
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian 
civil code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the limitation in the

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
application of Article 1186 of the Italian civil code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned 
therein, but also to any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130, in case of compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or resolution (risoluzione) of the issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall 
assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover pool – 
in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the covered bonds and shall exercise the rights 
of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in accordance with the legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any 
amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be 
included in the cover pool. 
In the event of a suspension of payments pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act, the special purpose vehicle 
shall assume the obligations of the issuer vis-à-vis the covered bonds holders – within the limits of the cover 
pool – only with respect to the receivables due and payable during the suspension period. The special purpose 
vehicle shall exercise recourse against the issuer for the amounts paid. 
In accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 4, of Law 130, in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa of the issuer, the covered bonds holders shall concur to the distribution of the issuer’s assets, to 
the extent remaining after the enforcement of the Covered Bond Guarantee, with the unsecured creditors of the 
issuer, including, in the case provided for in article 7-quinquiesdecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130, the derivates 
counterparties. 
Controls over the transaction 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered 
bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special 
purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request to 
an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by that 
auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase 
price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply when preparing 
its financial statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the book 
value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have 
issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book 
value and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the 
relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the 
credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management 
verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special 
purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue and with the liquidity buffer requirement, in 
accordance with articles 7-undecies and 7-duodecies of Law 130 and Section III of the BoI Regulations; 
(c) 
compliance with the internal operational limits on the sale of eligible assets and limit to the integration 
of the cover pool set out by the BoI Regulations;

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered 
into in connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant 
to Section V of the BoI Regulations. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment is 
carried out of the legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-
depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the 
characteristics of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pursuant to article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130, the controls on (a) the regularity of the transaction, (b) the 
compliance with the requirement of Section III of the BoI Regulations, (c) the integrity of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and (d) on the disclosure to investors will also be carried out by the Asset Monitor. The Asset Monitor 
shall be an auditing firm having professional experience which is adequate in relation to the tasks entrusted 
with the same and independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank or of the 
other entities taking part to the transaction; (b) the bank which is granting the relevant mandate; and (c) the 
other entities which take part to the transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor shall 
prepare annual reports, to be addressed, inter alia, to the control body of the bank which granted the mandate 
to the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations cite the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para 5, of the Banking Act), which 
impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy and to 
the provisions of article 7-sexiesdecies of Law 130. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations 
arising under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management 
techniques for purposes of assuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability 
between the payment dates of the cash flows generated under the assets assigned to the special purpose vehicle, 
and included in the latter’s segregated portfolio, and the payments dates with respect to payments due by the 
issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume contractual 
undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to hold the 
information on the assigned assets (including the status thereof) which are necessary for the carrying of the 
controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, 
including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to the central credit register 
(Centrale dei Rischi). 
Public disclosure 
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, including 
on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, information on issuance 
programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment of the issuances and the associated 
risks. 
Section IV of the BoI Regulations has been further supplemented by Section V of the BoI Regulations, which 
sets out the relevant information to be provided to the investors.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Insolvency proceedings 
On 15 July 2022, Legislative Decree No. 14/2019, as amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 26 October 
2020, by Law Decree No. 118 of 24 August 2021 and by Legislative Decree No. 83 of 17 June 2022 (the 
“Italian Insolvency Code” ) entered into force setting out, inter alia, a new regime for insolvency and 
turnaround procedures. 
Except for certain provisions which are applicable since 16 March 2019 (including, inter alia, with reference 
to certain organisational duties for Italian corporates), 20 November 2020 and 15 November 2021, the 
provisions of the Italian Insolvency Code apply to turnaround and insolvency proceedings started from 15 July 
2022 (included) onwards. 
The Bankruptcy Law is still applicable to turnaround and insolvency proceedings whose petition has been filed 
with the competent court before 15 July 2022 (excluded). 
Under the Italian Insolvency Code, insolvency proceedings (procedure concorsuali) conducted under Italian 
law may take the form of, inter alia, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), compolsury administrative 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), creditors’ agreements (concordato preventivo and accordi di 
ristrutturazione dei debiti), certified plan agreements (accordi in esecuzione di piani attestati di risanmento), 
moratorium agreements (convenzione di moratoria). The Italian Insolvency Code also governs, inter alia, (i) 
negotiated settlement procedures (composizione negoziata della crisi) and (ii) simplified composition with 
creditors (concordato semplificato). 
The regime set forth under the Italian Insolvency Code as described in this paragraph is only applicable to 
certain businesses either run by companies or by individuals to the extent certain requirements are met. 
A debtor (other than, among others, banks to which the procedures summarised in the below paragraphs apply) 
can be subject to judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale) proceeding, pursuant to the Italian Insolvency 
Code, if it is declared insolvent by a court (at its own initiative, or at the initiative of any of its creditors or the 
public prosecutor or the supervising internal bodies or the supervising administrative authorities). Insolvency 
occurs when the relevant entity is not able to fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. Upon the declaration of 
insolvency (sentenza di apertura di liquidazione giudiziale), inter alia, the relevant entity loses control over all 
its assets and the management of its business, which is taken over by a court appointed receiver (curatore). The 
creditors’ claims have to be filed with the bankruptcy estate and are subject to verification by the delegated 
judge while the sale of the debtor’s assets is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan drafted by the 
court appointed receiver and approved by the creditors’ committee. 
A bankruptcy eligible insolvent or in distress (stato di crisi) debtor may propose to its creditors to implement a 
turnaround proceeding, including a composition with creditors proposal (proposta di concordato preventivo) 
pursuant to articles 84 and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, a restructuring plan subject to 
homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione) pursuant to articles 64-bis and following 
of the Italian Insolvency Code, restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) 
pursuant to articles 57 and following of the Italian Insolvency Code, certified plan agreements (accordi in 
esecuzione di piani attestati di risanamento) pursuant to articles 56 of the Italian Insolvency Code or 
moratorium agreements (convenzione di moratoria) pursuant to article 62 of the Italian Insolvency Code. 
The Italian Insolvency Code also sets out the regime for (i) the negotiated settlement procedures (composizione 
negoziata) which is aimed at facilitating the solution to a situation of the debtor being in a net worth or 
economical or financial unbalance (squilibrio patrimoniale o economico-finanziario) that would probably lead 
to distress or insolvency; and (ii) simplified composition with creditors (concordato semplificato) which aims 
at liquidating all the debtor’s assets in order to distribute the relevant proceeds to its creditors and whose 
proposal may be filed by the relevant debtor in case of a negative outcome of the negotiated settlement

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
procedure, provided that the expert certifies in the final report that the relevant negotiations in the negotiated 
settlement phase have been carried out fairly and in good faith. 
A moratorium regime in relation to the start and/or continuation of enforcement and interim actions (azioni 
esecutive e cautelari) for pre-existing claims is provided, subject to certain requirements and for specific 
timeframes, in the context of, among others, judicial liquidation (liquidazione giudiziale), concordato 
preventivo proceedings, restructuring plan subject to homologation (piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad 
omologazione), restructuring creditors’ agreements (accordi di ristrutturazione dei debiti) and negotiated 
settlement procedures (composizione negoziata). 
The Italian Insolvency Code provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be subject to insolvency 
proceedings may benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious administrative 
irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for by laws, 
regulations or the bank’s articles of association activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to 
occur; (c) the dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative bodies or an extraordinary 
company meeting providing the reasons for the request. 
According to the Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate 
the board of directors and the board of auditors of the bank. Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) 
one or more special administrators (commissari straordinari); and (b) an oversight committee composed of 
between three and five members (comitato di sorveglianza). The commissari straordinari is entrusted with the 
duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove the irregularities which may have been found and promote 
solutions in the best interest of the depositors of the bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing 
functions and provides to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. 
However, it should be noted that the Bank of Italy may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari 
and the comitato di sorveglianza providing specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the 
bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect the interests of the creditors, in 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend 
payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments may be 
suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an additional two months. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche usually lasts one year (unless the decree provides for a shorter 
period or the supervisory authority closes the proceeding in advance). If the circumstances for the activation of 
the procedure remain, it may be extended for one or more period of one year. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the appointment 
of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the management 
and audit functions shall be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be noted that, should 
at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa (described in the following section) be met, the bank may be subject to such procedure. 
The Banking Act also provides that, in the circumstances that may trigger extraordinary administration, the 
Bank of Italy may appoint one or more temporary administrator to assist the management body of the bank. 
The supervisory authority may determine the powers of the relevant administrator and condition certain 
management decisions to the prior approval of the administrator(s).

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Specific rules apply in the case of banking groups. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Act, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and 
described in the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has 
declared the state of insolvency of the bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from 
the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities 
and submit the bank to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), including where the 
amministrazione straordinaria or (voluntary) liquidation is already pending, if the bank is failing or is likely to 
fail and: (i) there is no reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures, including measures by 
an institutional protection scheme, or supervisory action, including early intervention measures or the 
extraordinary administration, would prevent the failure of the institution within a reasonable timeframe and (ii) 
a resolution action would not be in the public interest. 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the shareholders’ 
meetings and of every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or 
more liquidators (commissari liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five 
members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, 
in any case, from the sixth business day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, the payment of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall 
be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to the 
bank and carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza 
shall: (a) assist the commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities carried out by 
commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by 
the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and 
establish that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to preliminary 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza. 
The Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del passivo) 
and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato 
passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by the 
Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en 
bloc. Such assets may be assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been 
deposited. The assignor shall, however, be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato passivo. 
Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximising profits deriving from the 
liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity, or of specific going 
concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the comitato di sorveglianza. In such 
case, the provision of the Italian Insolvency Code concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not 
apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to 
customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of the 
liquidation, the financial statement and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report by the 
oversight committee.

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions” and, each of them, a “Condition”) that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the 
Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered Bonds. In 
these Conditions, references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Covered Bondholders” are to the 
ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint 
regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 
201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered Bonds 
will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with the 
Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a “Registered CB 
Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the relevant provision 
of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule thereto or the 
provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond as the 
context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (the 
“Issuer” or “BPER”) has established a covered bond programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance 
of up to Euro 7,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of European covered bonds (the “Covered 
Bonds”) unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”). 
Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Title I-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time ( the “Law 130”), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “CRR”) and the 
Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” 
relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the Circolare 
No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI 
Regulations” and, together with Law 130, the “OBG Regulations”). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches, 
whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the Interest Commencement Date and 
their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to be consolidated and have the same 
Series number (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. As used in these Conditions, reference to a 
Tranche is a reference to Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). Each

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Covered Bond benefits of a guarantee dated 30 November 2011, as amended from time to time and 
on 29 September 2023, as subsequently further amended, issued by the Guarantor (the “Covered Bond 
Guarantee”) for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by 
a cover pool constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the 
Master Transfer Agreements (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG 
Regulations. The obligations of the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be limited recourse to the assets from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool (as 
defined below). Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme agreement dated 30 November 
2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, as subsequently further amended (the 
“Programme Agreement”), between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the 
“Dealers”), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms in respect of 
the relevant Tranche (each a “Subscription Agreement”). In accordance with the Programme 
Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has appointed or will appoint Banca Finanziaria Internazionale 
S.p.A. as Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the “Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders”), as described in Condition 12 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds 
In these Conditions, references to “Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds of a Series subject to the 
relevant Final Terms and references to “each Series of Covered Bonds” are to (i) Covered Bonds of 
Series subject to the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period 
from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the 
period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
The Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date or redeemable in two 
or more instalments if they are specified as Instalment Covered Bonds, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the benefit of 
the terms of the rules of the organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders”) which constitute an integral and essential part of these Conditions. The 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached hereto as a schedule. The rights and 
powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders may be 
exercised only in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. References 
in these Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules as 
from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or 
other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as defined below) 
and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding one or more Covered Bonds, recognises 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, acting in its name and on its behalf, 
and agrees to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is a party as if such Covered Bondholder was itself a signatory thereto. Copies of 
the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, 
where applicable, at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Interpretation 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Acceleration Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on 
the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
“Account Banks” means the Italian Account Bank and the English Account Bank. 
“Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and the English Accounts and “Account” means 
any one of them. 
“Accumulation Date” means, following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the earlier of (i) each 
date on which the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Guarantor or to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders for the payments to be made in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event 
of Default Priority of Payments shall be equal at least to 2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of all Series of Covered Bonds, (ii) each day falling 10 Business Days before the day 
that, but for the service of an Acceleration Notice, would have been a Guarantor Payment Date and (iii) 
each Business Day designated as such by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Master Transfer Agreement” means each master transfer agreement between the 
Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and 
conditions as the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.  
“Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement 
between the Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Additional Seller” means any entity, other than the Initial Seller, which is or will be part of the Gruppo 
bancario BPER Banca S.p.A. that will accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor. 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” means each subordinated loan agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Additional Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.  
“Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);  
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the 
case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
“Article 74 Event” means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Banking Act. 
“Article 74 Event Cure Notice” means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (having received, if it deems appropriate, and being entitled to rely on, prior confirmation 
of such cure event having occurred from competent professionals) to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
“Asset Coverage Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the Asset Monitor agreement dated 30 November 2011, as amended 
from time to time and on 29 September 2023, entered into among, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Issuer, as subsequently further 
amended. 
“Available Funds” means (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and (c) the 
Excess Proceeds. 
“Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and supplemented. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to 
exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, that the Reference 
Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholders 
using the Reference Rate.

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
“BPER Master Transfer Agreement” means the master transfer agreement entered into on 2 November 
2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between BPER as the Initial Seller and 
the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
“BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement” means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 2 
November 2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the Guarantor and 
BPER as Subordinated Loan Provider, as subsequently further amended. 
“BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into on 2 November 2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the BPER 
as Initial Seller and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
“Breach of Tests Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Business Day” means a day on which banks are generally open for business in London, Milan and 
Luxembourg and on which T2 (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to such term in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in 
relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Date” means the 13th day of January, April, July and October or, if that day is not a 
Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date was on 13 April 2012. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation 
Test or the Minimum OC Requirement has occurred and is outstanding, each period beginning on (and 
including) the first day of a calendar month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same 
calendar month until such time the relevant breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if 
applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement has been cured or otherwise 
remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
“Call Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement” means the cash management and agency agreement 
dated 30 November 2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, entered into 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Cash 
Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Servicer, as subsequently further amended. 
“Cash Manager” means BNP Paribas, Italian branch. 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“CB Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment 
Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement) for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable), the 
amount and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral posted 
pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a “Collateral Account”); and (ii) following the 
date on which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) is

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Account 
in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Collection Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, each period commencing 
on (and including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and October and ending on (and 
including) the last calendar day of March, June, September and December, and in the case of the first 
Collection Period, commencing on (and excluding) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and 
including) 31 March 2012, and (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, each period 
commencing on (but excluding) the last day of the preceding Collection Period and ending on (and 
including) the immediately following Accumulation Date. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement dated 30 November 2011, 
as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, entered into between the Corporate Servicer 
and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
“Cover Pool” means, collectively, the Receivables and/or the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets 
held by the Guarantor from time to time. 
“Cover Pool Administration Agreement” means the Cover Pool administration agreement dated 30 
November 2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, entered into between, inter 
alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Calculation Agent, as subsequently further amended. 
“Cover Pool Manager” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
“Covered Bond Swap” means each covered bond swap agreement which may be entered into between 
the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate, 
basis, and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the 
Mortgage Pool Swaps and the Covered Bonds. 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means each entity acting as such under a Covered Bond Swap. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting a CB Interest Period) (the “OBG Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
(A) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
OBG Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Dealer” means NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity which may be appointed as such by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement.  
“Decree 190” means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, transposing Directive 
(EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
“Due for Payment Date” means (a) at any time prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, a 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) at any time following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the date on which the Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due 
for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that has 
the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Deposits” means the deposits eligible pursuant to article 129, paragraph 1, lett. (c) of the CRR. 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States of America (a) whose short-term bank deposits 
are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at least “A2” by 
Moody’s or (b) whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are guaranteed 
in compliance with the Rating Agency’s criteria by a depository institution organised under the laws of 
any state which is a member of the European Union or of the United States of America, whose short-
term bank deposits are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at 
least “A2” by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Investment” means  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments provided 
that (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand at par together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later 
than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed 
principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount); 
and (iii) the debt securities or other debt instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, 
if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating 
being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” 
by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-
2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ 
acceptances issued by any credit institution (including, without limitation, the English Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank, provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution, provided that such investments shall have a minimum rating 
equal to the ones reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-2” in respect 
of short-term debt” 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-3” in respect 
of short-term debt  
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities, in each case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, 
provided that, in all cases, such investments shall from time to time comply with Moody’s 
requirements in respect of type of asset, minimum rating and maturity;  
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated debt securities or other debt instruments 
provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period 
between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) 
effectively passes to the Guarantor, (ii) such repurchase transactions are immediately repayable 
on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase transactions provide a fixed 
principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) 
provided that either (a) the debt securities or other debt instruments underlying the repurchase 
transactions are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, or (b) the counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is a credit 
institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either 
“Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a 
maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-
term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of 
short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity between one and three months, 
or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time 
to time; and  
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under the 
Global Master Securities Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the underlying 
securities comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty 
acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities lending transaction is 
a credit institution (including, without limitation, the English Account Bank and the Italian 
Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible 
Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to be bound by the provisions thereof 
and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the minimum ratings by 
Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in advance the securities lending transaction within 35 
calendar days from the downgrade,  
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk 
by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time and (ii) no amount available to 
the Guarantor in the context of the Programme may be otherwise invested in asset-backed securities, 
irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time and (iii) the relevant exposure qualifies 
as “credit quality step 1”or “credit quality step 2” pursuant to article 129, let. (c) of the CRR or, in case 
of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union which has a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
hundred) days, it qualifies as at least “credit quality step 3” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
“English Account Bank” means BNP Paribas, London branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof.  
“English Accounts” means, collectively, the Payments Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral 
Account(s) and “English Account” means any one of them.  
“English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment” means a deed of charge under English law dated 30 
November 2011, as amended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, to be executed between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its own behalf and as trustee of 
the Secured Creditors, as subsequently further amended. 
“Estense Cover Pool Report Date” means 15 Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date.  
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5(c). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset, the aggregate 
nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, or asset as at such date denominated in Euro 
where, if denominated in another currency, the exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current exchange 
rate fixed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that 
equivalent should any currency hedging agreement not be in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in 
the relevant currency hedging agreement if such agreement is in place. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor as a result of 
any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of 
Law 130. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value of the collateral (or the applicable part 
of any collateral) provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in respect of the relevant 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations to transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support annex to 
the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the termination payment (if any) that would have 
otherwise been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor had the collateral not been 
provided under the credit support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of termination of 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Expenses Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Exposure Limit” means the limits provided under article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), lett. (a), (b), (c) 
and (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR, such limits shall not 
apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Transfer Agreements for purposes of complying 
with the Nominal Value Test. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date if any specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms on which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
Redemption Amount otherwise payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Extension of maturity). 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven Business Days after the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms which, in respect of any Series 
of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, shall be equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant Covered Bond. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
“Floating Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions). 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and 
unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all 
Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds, provided that 
any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to 
the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in bankruptcy or other 
insolvency or similar official for the Issuer, named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
“Guarantor Events of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 10(c) (Guarantor 
Events of Default). 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, the 22nd day of 
January, April, July and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day 
or (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the day falling 10 Business Days after the 
Accumulation Date.

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
“Hard Bullet Covered Bonds” means the Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which (i) no Extended 
Maturity Date is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms; (ii) the Final Redemption Amount 
will be due for payment on the Maturity Date; and (iii) the Pre-Maturity Test shall apply. 
“Implementation Date” means 31 March 2023 on which the  42nd amendment to the BoI Regulations 
in relation to the “obbligazioni bancarie garantite”, issued by the Bank of Italy on 30 March 2023, has 
entered into force; 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable 
by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business 
Days.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(a) 
(Independent Adviser). 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer issued the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans 
transferred by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Initial Seller” means BPER Banca S.p.A.. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 September 2011.  
“Instalment Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds specified as being redeemable in instalments in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Integration Assets” means (i) the assets mentioned in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c), of the CRR 
which meet the requirements set forth under article 129, paragraph 1(a), of the CRR and article 7-novies 
of Law 130, and (ii) the Public Entity Securities or other exposures mentioned in article 129, paragraph 
1, letter (a) and (b), of the CRR, provided that the assets referred to in items (i) and (ii) above are qualified 
as eligible assets pursuant to article 7-novies of Law 130 and article 129 of the CRR. 
"Integration Assignment" means the assignment of Receivables and/or Integration Assets and/or the 
Liquid Assets made in order to restore the respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or 
the Exposure Limit for which a breach has been verified, or in order to prevent such breach, pursuant to 
and in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the agreement dated 30 November 2011, as amended from time to 
time and on 29 September 2023, entered into between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, as subsequently further 
amended. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest determined in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Provisions; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of:

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
(A) 
any interest component (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount) collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or 
the Liquid Assets and credited into the Collection Account or Payments Account, as the case 
may be, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the Payments Account from the Interest Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the interest components invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts and on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool 
Swaps; 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered Bond 
Swaps; 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount; prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account (but excluding item (B)(b) of the definition of Required 
Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), in each case at the end 
of the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; following the service 
of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve 
Account; and, on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been 
redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account; and 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period,

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
but excluding (i) any amount representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been 
found, exceeding the net amounts which would have been due and payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any 
amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date 
of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Coverage Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Investment Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Investment Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
“ISDA Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c) (ii) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Issue Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società 
Cooperativa). 
“Issuer Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Italian Account Bank” means BNP Paribas, Italian branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
“Italian Accounts” means the Collection Account, the Expenses Account, the Securities Account (if 
any) and the Investment Account (if any). 
“Italian Deed of Pledge” means a deed of pledge under Italian law dated 30 November 2011, as 
amended or extended from time to time and on 29 September 2023, to be executed between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on its own behalf and on behalf of 
the Secured Creditors, as subsequently further amended. 
“Italian Paying Agent” means BNP Paribas, Italian branch or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
“Liquid Assets” means the assets referred to article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 
130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under article 129 of the 
CRR and Law 130. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any 
investment made by using Available Funds other than Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day 
prior to the Payments Report Date falling nine months after the Payments Report Date immediately 
preceding the Investment Date on which investments were made by using Principal Available Funds.  
“Liquidity Buffer Account” means the account that may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Banks in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Liquidity Buffer Securities Account” means the securities account that may be opened in the name 
of the Guarantor with the Account Banks in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Liquidity Buffer Target Amount” means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-
duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Listing Agent” means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch, or any successor provider appointed from 
time to time in respect of the Programme. 
“Mandate Agreement” means the mandate agreement dated 30 November 2011, as amended from time 
to time and on 29 September 2023, entered into between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Guarantor, as subsequently further amended. 
“Mandatory Tests” means the tests provided for under article 7-undecies, paragraph 1, of Law 130, and 
namely the Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
“Margin” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Master Transfer Agreements” means the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and each Additional 
Master Transfer Agreement (if any) and each of them a “Master Transfer Agreement”, as the context 
requires. 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Meeting” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“MEF Decree” means the Decree of the Ministry for Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 
2006, implementing the provisions set forth in article 7-bis of Law 130 concerning covered bonds, 
repealed by Decree 190; 
“Minimum OC Requirement ” means 5% minimum level of overcollateralization as per article 129 of 
the CRR and in accordance with the OBG Regulations. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Monte Titoli” means Euronext Securities Milan.

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant Clearing 
System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant 
Clearing System). 
“Monthly Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that 
a breach of Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the 
Minimum OC Requirement, has occurred, the 13th day of the month immediately following the date of 
such Test Performance Report and, thereafter, the 13th day of each month until the relevant breach of 
Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC 
Requirement, has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement, or, if any such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) of the MEF Decree with respect to loans assigned 
prior to the Implementation Date or, with respect to loans assigned on or after the Implementation Date, 
set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d), of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap” means each mortgage pool swap agreement which may be entered into between 
the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to hedge interest rate risk on 
the Cover Pool or a portion thereof. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty” means each swap counterparty which agrees to act as such under 
a Mortgage Pool Swap. 
“Negative Carry Factor” means 0.50 per cent. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Non Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In 
Arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
“Notice to Pay” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
“NPV Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Official Gazette” means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
“Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” means the organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
created by the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and regulated by the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached hereto as a schedule. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series of Covered 
Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any principal fallen due but unpaid) of such loan, bond, Series of Covered Bonds or 
asset at such date. 
“Paying Agents” means the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent and each other paying 
agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
"Payments Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.  
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date.  
“Payment Business Day” means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Place of Payment” means, in respect of any Covered Bondholder, the place in which the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder for which such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the 
Covered Bonds is located. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of 
an Acceleration Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a Notice 
to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Maturity Account” means the account to be opened, if required, to hold amounts aimed at 
providing compliance with the Pre-Maturity Test. 
“Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-
Maturity Test).

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
“Pre-Maturity Test” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-Maturity Test). 
“Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-
Maturity Test). 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior 
to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
“Principal Available Funds” means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication:  
(a) 
all principal amounts (other than any amounts necessary to meet the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount) collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or the 
Liquid Assets and credited to the Collection Account or the Payments Account, as the case may 
be, during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with 
any amount retained in the Payments Account from the Principal Available Funds on the 
preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Collection Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and the 
Liquid Assets during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the other items of this definition, an amount equal to the principal 
amounts invested in Eligible Investments (if any) following liquidation thereof on the Liquidation 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under any 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
(f) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(g) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(i) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(j) 
following a Notice to Pay all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account as at the relevant Calculation Date, 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty upon termination 
of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any termination payment 
and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would 
have been due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next 
Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, not been 
terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax 
Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement).

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a 
calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
“Principal Paying Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
“Priority of Payments” means, as the context requires, any of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments, Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Programme Limit” means up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included 
in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time. 
“Programme Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
“Programme Termination Date” means the date falling one year prior to the termination of the 
Guarantor according to the relevant By-laws. 
“Public Entity Securities” means any securities which meet the requirements under article 129, 
paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of the CRR and article 7-novies of Law 130. 
“Put Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by any Covered Bondholder intending to exercise its right 
to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders). 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of the Covered Bond with such Principal Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder intending to exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders). 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement” means the quotaholders’ agreement dated 30 November 2011, as amended 
from time to time and on 29 September 2023, executed by, inter alios, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation 
Vehicles Management S.r.l., as subsequently further amended. 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s. 
“Receivables” means, collectively, the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables. 
“Redemption/Payment Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Registered Paying Agent” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment 
Date to but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any CB Payment Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular 
CB Interest Period. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and/or any other clearing system 
(other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date 
which is seven days after that on which the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
“Relevant Dealer(s)” means, in relation to any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers with or through whom 
an agreement to issue Covered Bonds has been concluded, or is being negotiated, by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, or 
any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders” means the entity that will act as representative of the 
holders of each Covered Bond pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Series of Covered Bonds 
multiplied by (1+(Negative Carry Factor* (days to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if 
applicable) of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds /365))).  
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Guarantor Payment Date: 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation Date which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of:  
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments;  
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that would be payable by the Guarantor 
on any relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following three months or, 
if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with 
BPER in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interest amount due under that 
Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately following three months; and 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
“Reserve Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Revolving Assignment” has the meaning given to the expression "Cessioni Successive Revolving" 
under the Master Transfer Agreement.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only 
with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the day which is two Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Notice to Pay has not been served 
by the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant CB Payment Date that would have been applicable if the 
Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date and such 
other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where 
applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any 
gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. 
The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional 
amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following 
the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service 
of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same 
arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
CB Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the 
case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal 
shall: (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to 
prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest 
payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable 
prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable 
to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c) (i) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Initial 
Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment 
Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), 
the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Securities Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement.

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
“Selected Assets” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Sellers” means, collectively, the Initial Seller and the Additional Sellers (if any). 
“Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds” means a series of Covered Bonds comprising one or more 
Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first payment of interest 
and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“Servicer” means BPER Banca S.p.A. or any successor servicer appointed from time to time in respect 
of this Programme. 
“Servicer Report” means the report prepared and submitted by the Servicer to the Guarantor, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties, in the form set 
out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the collections and recoveries made in 
respect of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets during the preceding 
Collection Period. 
“Servicing Agreement” means the servicing agreement entered into on 2 November 2011, as amended 
from time to time and on 29 September 2023, between the Guarantor and the Servicer, as subsequently 
further amended. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means € 100,000 and integral multiples of € 1,000 in excess thereof or 
such higher denomination as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds). 
“Specified Office” means, with reference to the Principal Paying Agent, its office at via Aristotele 195, 
Modena, Italy or such other office in the same city or town as the Principal Paying Agent may specify 
by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the 
manner provided therein. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements” means the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and each 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any), and each of them a “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”, as the context requires.  
“Subordinated Loan Provider” means any of BPER and the Additional Seller, and any respective 
successor thereof, appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subsequent Receivables” means the further portfolios of monetary claims arising from Mortgage 
Loans, transferred or to be transferred to the Guarantor by (i) the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER 
Master Transfer Agreement and/or (ii) by the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to such term in article 2359 of the Italian civil code. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of the 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap.

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
“Swap Counterparties” means, collectively, the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties and the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties and “Swap Counterparty” means any one of them as the context requires. 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination of any Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap due to either: 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by the relevant Swap Counterparty to 
take such action as is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such Rating Event; 
or 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an Issuer Event of 
Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
“T2” means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem (T2) combining the 
functionalities of a Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) system with those of a Central Liquidity 
Management (CLM) system and which was launched on 20 March 2023. 
“T2 Settlement Day” means any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem is open. 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount or, 
if applicable, the Amortisation Test or the Minimum OC Requirement is to be performed under the 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Tests” means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
“Transaction Documents” means, collectively, the Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
the Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Italian Deed of Pledge, the Swap 
Agreements, the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Subscription Agreement, the 
Mandate Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and 
any document or agreement which supplements, amends or restates the content of any of the above-
mentioned documents and any further documents or agreement entered into in connection with the 
Programme and designated as such by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreements” means the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreements (if any) and each of them a “Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 6 (Zero Coupon 
Provisions). 
In these Conditions, the following events and the criteria are deemed to have occurred or been satisfied, 
as the case may be, as set out below:

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
an “Insolvency Event” will have occurred in respect of: 
(a) 
the Issuer, that the Issuer is subject to liquidazione coatta amministrativa as defined in the 
Banking Act; 
(b) 
any bank, company or corporation other than the Issuer, that: 
(i) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, receivership, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, 
composition with creditors, insolvent reorganization, turnaround/insolvency tools 
(strumenti di regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure 
(among which, without limitation, liquidazione giudiziale, liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa, piani di risanamento, accordi di ristrutturazione del debito, piano di 
ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione, composizione negoziata della crisi, concordato 
semplificato and (other than in respect of the Issuer) amministrazione straordinaria, each 
such expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and 
including also any equivalent or analogous proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in 
which such bank, company or corporation is deemed to carry on business, including the 
seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, dissolution, administration, 
receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or similar procedure having a 
similar effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by 
the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed 
by the Issuer in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under paragraph (i) above 
is made in respect of or by such bank, company or corporation or the same proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such bank, company or corporation or notice is given of an 
intention to appoint an administrator in relation to such bank, company or corporation and, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect 
rely on the advice of a lawyer selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are 
not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
(iii) such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of 
any of its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition 
with or for the benefit of its creditors (other than the Secured Creditors) or is granted by a 
competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any 
indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation, 
administration or dissolution in any form of such bank, company or corporation (except a 
winding-up for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, 
the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) or any of the events under article 2484 of the Italian civil code 
occurs with respect to such bank, company or corporation; and 
 
a “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated 
debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated at least as high as the 
highest rating required under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
Interpretation

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation in the 
Republic of Italy), any premium payable in respect of any Covered Bond and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(i) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(e) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) 
shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
Series only; and 
(f) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation enacted to implement primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with article 
83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will 
at all times be in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be 
transferred by means of, book entries in accordance with: (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998; and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli Account Holder, whose account is at the relevant time credited 
with a Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the purposes of payments to be made to 
the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft of the Covered Bond) and shall not be liable for doing so. 
3 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected, received, or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Covered Bond when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any 
Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice 
to Pay. Any payment made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the 
corresponding obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be paid in accordance 
with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and recourse in respect of the 
Guarantor is limited in the manner described in Condition 13 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). 
4 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the 
Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest. Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. 
Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under 
this Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions) to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period in respect of which the Fixed Rate Provisions apply will 
amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
Denomination. Payments of interest on any CB Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards). For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to Euro, means one cent. 
5 
Floating Rate Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. 
Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each 
CB Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
agent, such calculation agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
If, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than 
three such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable in each 
case as at the Relevant Time, the Principal Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question; and 
(B) 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered 
quotations, determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
and if fewer than two such offered quotations are provided as requested, the Principal Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency, selected by the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant CB Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
CB Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Principal Paying 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the preceding CB 
Interest Period. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” means, in relation to any 
CB Interest Period, a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as that term is 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(f) 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for any CB Interest Period, then the applicable Rate of Interest in respect of such CB Interest 
Period shall in no event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or be less than the Minimum 
Rate of Interest so specified, as the case may be. 
(g) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant CB 
Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating Rate Covered 
Bond for such CB Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such CB Interest Period, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(h) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent, then 
the Principal Paying Agent or such calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times 
at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will 
be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(i) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for each CB Interest Period, the 
relevant CB Payment Date and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any 
relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Italian Paying Agent and any 
stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Covered Bond are for the time being listed and admitted to 
trading as soon as practicable after such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). The Principal Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(j) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does not for any reason comply with its obligation

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
to determine the Rate of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance 
with paragraphs (f) and (g) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall do so (or shall 
appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have 
been made by the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing so, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 
(Floating Rate Interest Provisions), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in 
its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(k) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.  
(l) 
Fallback provisions 
(a) 
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j)(a) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms) or the Covered 
Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies 
the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(j)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread) subsequently 
be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with Condition this 5(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, including but not limited to 
Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation 
or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(e)

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
(Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, or non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other 
Transaction Documents to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with the Guarantor, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an 
amendment agreement to the Transaction Documents) and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion 
of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these Conditions or the Transaction Documents 
(including for the avoidance of doubt, any amendment to the Transaction Documents), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of any amendment agreement to the Transaction Documents), 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest (as applicable) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) to 
5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5 (Floating Rate Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
6 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the 
Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld 
or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated as provided in Condition 
7(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) as though the references therein to the date fixed 
for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
seven days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Maturity 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 8 (Payments). If an 
Extended Maturity Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying for a Series of Covered 
Bonds, Condition 7(m) (Pre-Maturity Test) shall apply. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two 
Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds 
will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be, subject to sub-paragraph (b) 
below, automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall 
confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least on the 
Extension Determination Date as to whether payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will or will not be made in full on that Maturity Date or within two Business Days 
thereafter. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 10 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed 
to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days 
thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise outstanding, the Guarantor (as determined 
on its behalf by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) has insufficient moneys available under the 
relevant Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling 
on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid 
amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service of the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an extension of maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the last Business Day 
of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served.

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
(iii) 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices)), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent and the Italian Paying Agent, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity 
Date, of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such persons shall not affect the validity 
or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
In the circumstances described above, the Guarantor shall, on the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after making payments or provisions for payment of amounts ranking higher or pari passu with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation 
of the Guarantor to make any payment towards satisfaction of the Final Redemption Amount not 
so done on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
(v) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity), the Covered Bonds shall 
bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant 
CB Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or 
the Extended Maturity Date unless on such date payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused (in which case, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions and 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms). In these events, interest shall be payable on those 
Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vi) on the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the CB Payment Date in each month after 
the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
CB Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final CB 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(vi) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity), the rate of interest payable from 
time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each CB 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately 
prior to the relevant CB Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Italian Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, the calculation 
agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such CB 
Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
The provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above shall only apply to Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails 
to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days 
thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
(viii) Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
(ix) 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 7(b), the extension of the 
Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of 
liquidazione coatta amministrativa or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
(x) 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the 130 Law and the BoI 
Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity Date has 
become applicable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds, within 10 (ten) calendar days from 
the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(iii) where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on which 
the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds were then due; or 
(iv) where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior to the CB 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Listing Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence 
shall be sufficient to the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent and conclusive and binding 
on the Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with 
this Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons).

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed 
at the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected 
in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) in respect of such Covered Bonds shall in no event be greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount or be less than the Minimum Redemption Amount so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Covered Bond, redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. To exercise such option, the 
Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put 
Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option 
of Covered Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bond becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bond on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Covered Bonds are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB 
Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments 
under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(g) (Redemption due to illegality) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 9(a) (At maturity) to 9(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(j) 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the amount(s) and on the payment date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase beneficially or 
procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), cancelled. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds 
at any time. 
(l) 
Cancellation

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed, in accordance with Conditions from 9(a) (At maturity) to 9(g) 
(Redemption due to illegality), shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Pre-Maturity Test 
The Calculation Agent will on each Pre-Maturity Test Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, in 
relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
determine if the Issuer satisfies the following pre-maturity rating requirements (the “Pre-Maturity 
Test”) and shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders if the Issuer does not satisfy such Pre-Maturity Test. 
The Issuer will not satisfy, and be in breach of, the Pre-Maturity Test if the Issuer’s (a) short-term credit 
rating for its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “P-
1” from Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall 
within six months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date or (b) long-term credit rating for its 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “A2” from 
Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled fall within 12 
months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date. 
If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds within 12 
months prior to the scheduled Maturity Date of that Series, the Calculation Agent will immediately serve 
a notice to that effect on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(the “Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice”). Following the delivery of such notice, the Issuer will be 
required to procure, within the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Pre-Maturity 
Test Breach Notice is notified to the Issuer and (ii) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, that (A) an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount in respect of such 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds plus any amount that would be payable by the Guarantor in priority 
thereto in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments (regardless as to 
whether a Notice to Pay has been served) (the “Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount”) is credited to an 
account opened for that purpose by the Guarantor with an Eligible Institution (the “Pre-Maturity 
Account”), or, alternatively, (B) a guarantee is provided in respect of the payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date for that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds by a 
guarantor whose senior, unsecured and unsubordinated ratings are at least equal to “P-1” by Moody’s. 
If any of the actions under (A) and (B) above is not taken, the Guarantor may, among others: 
(i) 
offer to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
subject to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the relevant Seller; and/or 
(ii) seek to obtain the creation of Eligible Deposits from the Seller(s). The creation of Eligible Deposits 
will be financed through advances granted by the relevant Seller under the relevant Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Any proceeds deriving from the sale of Selected Assets and their related security and/or any contribution 
in cash by the relevant Seller shall be credited to the Pre-Maturity Account. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall apply funds standing to the Pre-Maturity 
Account to repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on its Maturity Date in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
If the Issuer fully repays the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date thereof, 
any amount of cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account after such repayment shall be 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, unless:

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
(A) 
the Issuer does not satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, in which case the cash will remain credited on the Pre-Maturity Account and 
used to provide liquidity for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(B) 
the Issuer does satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, but the Issuer resolves to retain the cash on the Pre-Maturity Account in order to provide 
liquidity for any future Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
8 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds deposited with Monte 
Titoli will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Italian Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the 
accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with those 
Covered Bonds, and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds. Payments made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) according to the instructions of Monte Titoli 
to the accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with 
those Covered Bonds will relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the 
corresponding payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the 
case may be). 
Alternatively, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Italian Paying Agent may arrange for payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made to the Covered Bondholders through 
Euroclear and Clearstream to be credited to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the 
beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, 
as the case may be, Clearstream. Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered 
Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream will 
relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, the Guarantor 
or their agents agree to be subject and neither Issuer nor the Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy).  
(c) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for any payment of principal and/or interest in respect of any Covered Bond is not a 
Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the holder of the relevant Covered Bond shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the immediately succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such Place of Payment and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
9 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy  
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva provided by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (“Decree No. 
239”) with respect to any Covered Bonds (including in all circumstances in which the 
requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239 and related implementing rules have not been 
properly and promptly met or complied with) or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 
June 1998) (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Covered 
Bond by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the 
mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a declaration or any other 
statement to the relevant tax authority including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Covered Bond for 
payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a CB Payment Date; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not 
allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities for the purpose 
of Decree No. 239; or 
(F) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant 
to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time; or 
(G) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or any treaty, law or regulation

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
or of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices implementing such a treaty, law or regulation or intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic 
of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
10 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(A) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of seven days or more to pay any principal or redemption amount, 
or for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any 
Series when due; or 
(B) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any 
Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to 
comply with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure 
is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(C) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not cured by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
(D) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is not satisfied on 
any Pre-Maturity Test Date falling during the 12 month-period prior to the Maturity Date of that 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, and such breach has not been cured in accordance with 
these Conditions on or before the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Issuer 
is notified of the breach of the Pre-Maturity Test and (ii) the Maturity Date of that Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Meeting of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise; or 
(E) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) 
and “misure di intervento precoce”); or 
(F) 
an Article 74 Event, 
then, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor:

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
(A) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, 
of Law 130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor 
shall be solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (F) above (I) the 
Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not 
be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
(B) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(C) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined above) and the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test (as defined below) and the 
Minimum OC Requirement shall be also applied;  
(D) 
 the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely due payments under the Covered 
Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables, the Integration Assets or Liquid Assets in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(E) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued; 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in items (A) to (E) of paragraph (b) above 
will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to 
article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the “Article 74 Event”) and ending on 
the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during 
which the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts that fall due and payable during such period. 
(c) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor for a period of seven days or more to pay any principal or redemption 
amount, or for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds 
of any Series; or 
(ii) 
breach of the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; or 
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under the provisions of any Transaction 
Documents to which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case 
no notice will be required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, 
certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor,

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve 
an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
(d) 
Effect of an Acceleration Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers an 
Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs with respect to a Series, each other Series of Covered 
Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, 
and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against 
the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts 
payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by Issuer)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of 
the Covered Bonds, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any 
such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 (Events of Default) by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
11 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall be barred and become void unless made within 10 years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
12 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until 
repayment in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall 
at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is 
made by the Covered Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
(b) 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, these Conditions 
(including the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), the Intercreditor Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such 
appointment for the period commencing on the Initial Issue Date and ending (subject to early termination 
of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been cancelled or redeemed in 
accordance with these Conditions. 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, acting in its name 
and on its behalf, and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the terms of 
the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is a party 
and by any agreement entered into from time to time by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for the provisions 
set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian civil code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, 
expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the 
performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of 
any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
13 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as 
provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool which constitute 
Available Funds subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the 
Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the 
Covered Bond Guarantee or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction 
Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for 
the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar programme established for the 
issuance of covered bond guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full 
in accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of Payments not being 
complied with. 
14 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the 
Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration 
Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any additional 
Paying Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where 
applicable) the Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and  
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in 
any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall maintain a paying agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
15 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds or upon such terms 
as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
16 
Notices 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli and/or 
by a common depository for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, shall be deemed to have been validly given if 
delivered to Monte Titoli and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication by them to the entitled 
accountholders and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which it was delivered 
to Monte Titoli, Clearstream and Euroclear, as applicable.  
In addition, for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving notice 
to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice 
then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the 
Covered Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
17 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and 
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
These Covered Bonds, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Transaction Documents (save for the Swap Agreements, certain provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment which are governed by English law) 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation to 
the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders or their 
validity, interpretation or performance. 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the OBG Regulations.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1 
General 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by BPER Banca S.p.A. 
(previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) is created concurrently with the issue and subscription of the first 
Series of Covered Bonds and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules”). 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever Tranche. 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each Tranche issued by the Issuer. 
2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1. 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
“Blocked Covered Bonds” means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, such Covered Bonds 
which have been blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Registrar a Voting 
Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, on terms that they will not be released until after the conclusion of the Meeting. 
“Block Voting Instruction” means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar, as the 
case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds have been blocked in an 
account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be released 
until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if the 
meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are Blocked 
Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds have been blocked with the Registrar 
and will not be released until the conclusion of the Meeting; 
(c) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, of the 
relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar 
that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting 
and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(d) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing between those in respect of which instructions 
have been given to vote for, and against, each resolution; and 
(e) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
 “Chairman” means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 6 (Chairman of the Meeting). 
“Covered Bondholder” means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds. 
“Event of Default” means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the context requires. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast. 
“Holder” means, in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in respect of the Covered Bonds issued 
in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
“Liabilities” means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or demands, judgments, proceeding or 
other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and including value added 
taxes or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an adjournment). 
“Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their 
customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks 
appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Ordinary Resolution” means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained 
in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast. 
“Programme Resolution” means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series, duly 
convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 12(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 
12(d) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice), as applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to Covered Bonds issued in registered 
form. 
“Proxy” means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar has been 
notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and who has not been revoked to vote 
at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Italia S.r.l. or Moody’s France SAS, as the case may be. 
“Register” means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and assignments of Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form. 
“Registered Paying Agent” means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds issued 
in a registered form under the Programme. 
“Registrar” means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in 
registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any reference 
to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
“Resolutions” means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
“Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective Swap 
Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable 
spot rate. 
“Transaction Party” means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
“Voter” means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer of a Voting 
Certificate issued by the Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Voting Certificate” means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by the interested Covered Bondholder and issued by the 
Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian or by a Registrar, as the case may be, and dated, 
stating: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, and will not be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion of the Meeting 
and (ii) the surrender of the certificate to the clearing system or the Monte Titoli Account Holder or to the Registrar who issued 
the same; 
(b) 
details of the Meeting concerned and the number of the Blocked Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the Blocked Covered Bonds. 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons holding or representing at least 75 
per Cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents in the 
same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders. 
“24 hours” means a period of 24 hours, including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business both in the place where any 
relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Principal Paying Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, the Registrar has its specified office.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
“48 hours” means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used in these Rules shall have 
the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the relevant Conditions. 
2.2. 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to an Article of 
these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
any reference to a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title of such party 
and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the rights and 
obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have 
been transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent successors and 
transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3. 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate Series of Covered Bonds and, 
accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise 
determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) and 4 
(Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on 
Behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, 
for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) to 
4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to 
Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall apply to all the Covered 
Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Covered 
Bondholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
3 
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders and, 
more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1. Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or single Meetings of the Covered 
Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request in writing by 
Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for the passing of a Programme 
Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the Issuer shall upon request in writing signed by the holders 
of not less than one-tenth of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding convene a 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a meeting the same 
may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the relevant holder(s). The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the 
provisions of these Rules shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
4.2. Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3. Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
5 
Notice 
5.1. Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), specifying 
the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the Principal Paying 
Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer subject to Article 4.2 
(Meetings convened by Issuer). 
5.2. Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state that 
the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the 
provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 20018, as amended from time to time. 
The notice shall specify the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how, according to these rules, Covered 
Bondholders may appoint Proxies, obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the time limits 
applicable. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed 
at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued in registered form, may be blocked with the 
Registrar, or with any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting 
Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of Covered Bonds issued in registered form may 
also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the Registered 
Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified Office of the Registrar or the Registered Paying Agent, 
in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3. Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied with if the Covered Bondholders 
constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
6 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1. Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes of the time fixed for the Meeting, 
(c) 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which the Issuer shall 
appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original 
Meeting. 
6.2. Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the business of the Meeting, 
monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3. Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist in any given matter, and may 
appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Covered Bondholders. 
7 
Quorum 
The quorum at any Meeting will be:

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered 
Bonds) holding or representing at least one-third of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided below), one or more persons (including 
the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per Cent. of the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or 
more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) being or representing one-third of 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation to a Programme Resolution) 
(each of which shall, subject only to Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the 
amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating 
the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deed of Pledge or the English Law Deed of Charge and 
Assignment (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), the sanctioning of any such 
scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7.1 (c), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds) being or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at 
that time it owns any of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing not less than one third of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding. 
7.1. 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes of the time fixed for any Meeting, then, 
without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agree) shall 
be adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as 
the Chairman determines or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice 
sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided, however, that, in any case: 
(i) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(ii) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together so decide. 
8 
Adjourned Meeting 
Without prejudice to Article 7 (Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, 
adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might 
have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
9 
Notice following Adjournment 
9.1. Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a quorum except that: 
(a) 
at least 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which the Meeting is to be 
resumed) shall be given; and

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes; and 
(c) 
it shall not be necessary to give notice of the convening of an adjourned Meeting (i) if the notice given in respect of the first 
Meeting already sets the time and place for an adjourned Meeting and specifies the quorum requirements which will apply 
when the Meeting resumes; or (ii) if the Meeting has been adjourned for any other reason. 
9.2. Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give notice of resumption of any 
Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 7 (Quorum). 
10 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
11 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte 
Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued jointly 
by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time. 
A Covered Bondholder may require the Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for their Covered Bonds 
to be blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian at least 48 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting, providing to the Principal Paying Agent, where appropriate, evidence that the Covered 
Bonds are so blocked. The Covered Bondholders may obtain such evidence by, inter alia, requesting the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian to release a certificate in accordance with, as the case may be: (i) the practices and 
procedures of the Relevant Clearing System; or (ii) articles 41 and 42 of the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy 
named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates 
for all purposes in connection with the Meeting.  
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Covered Bond. 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices (including blocking the 
relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to the satisfaction of the Registrar) for 
the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by delivering to the Registrar written 
instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered Holder may obtain an uncompleted and 
unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds 
to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
12 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions and Voting Certificates 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the 
Specified Offices of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Registrar, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before 
the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy named

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
therein shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity 
of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or Covered Bondholder named therein. 
13 
Voting by Show of Hands 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of hands. 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s declaration that on a show of hands a 
resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without 
proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
14 
Voting by Poll 
14.1. Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented by 
such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded on 
the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent 
the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
14.2. The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a time limit by which 
all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and void. 
After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of 
the vote. 
15 
Votes 
15.1. Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 in principal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by the Voting 
Certificate produced by such Voter or in respect of which he is a Proxy or such other amount as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
its absolute discretion may stipulate). 
15.2. Block Voting Instruction and Voting Certificate 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be 
obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3. Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16 
Voting by Proxy 
16.1. Validity 
Any vote cast by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate appointing a Proxy shall be 
valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had been 
amended or revoked, provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar or the Chairman 
has been notified in writing by the Principal Paying Agent of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to the time set 
for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2. Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall 
remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment, save that no such appointment of a Proxy 
in relation to, exclusively, the meeting originally convened and which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in force 
in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block 
Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
17 
Resolutions 
17.1. Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable by Ordinary Resolution: 
(a) 
to grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, is required to be 
the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not 
required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2. Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of them; 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under 
the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, 
in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or any 
other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents which shall be proposed by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from any 
liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become 
liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, must be granted by 
an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in compliance with these Rules, the 
Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other party of its obligations 
under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, a Guarantor Event of Default or 
a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant Notice to 
Pay, Acceleration Notice, or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise 
by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(k) 
in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a Notice to Pay, Acceleration Notice 
or Breach of Test Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result of an 
Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default) or an Acceleration Notice as a result of a 
Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
17.3. Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 12(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) 
and 12(d) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice), as applicable. 
17.4. Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which shall be passed by the Holders of 
all the Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) that is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in 
respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the 
case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series.

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
18 
Effect of Resolutions 
18.1. 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such 
Meeting and/or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting and/or not voting. 
18.2. 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be published (at the cost of the 
Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting). 
19 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in compliance with the provisions 
of these Rules. 
20 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by the Issuer for that purpose. 
The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters required to be determined by 
Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22 
Individual Actions and Remedies 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 13 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), clause 4 
(Exercise of rights and subrogation) and clause 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and clause 10 (Exercise of Certain 
Rights) and clause 14 (Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering 
bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual 
action or other remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with these Rules (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to the enforcement of the individual action or remedy, the Covered 
Bondholder will be permitted to take such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, 
the same matter may be resubmitted for review at another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be 
prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23 
Meetings and Separate Series 
23.1. Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one Series, the foregoing provisions 
of these Rules shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of only one 
Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so 
affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all 
the Series so affected;

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series 
or group of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each Series 
or group of Series so affected; 
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series; and 
(e) 
to all such meetings, all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall apply, mutatis mutandis, as though references therein 
to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in 
question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2. Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the case of any Meeting or request 
in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any 
such adjourned Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution), the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each 
person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1,000 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (converted as above) which he 
holds or represents. 
24 
Further Regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent of the 
Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a 
Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
25.1. Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for the appointment of the first Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement. 
25.2. Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders under the Programme, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any other jurisdiction acting through 
an Italian branch; or 
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 106 of the Banking 
Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant 
to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor and those who fall within the conditions set out in article 2399 of the 
Italian civil code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be 
automatically removed. 
25.3. Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4. After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, such 
representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity 
specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and 
authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in connection with the 
Covered Bonds. 
25.5. Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial 
agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to 
day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) 
the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
Such fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event that the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature. 
26 
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred 
as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that, if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
27 
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
27.1. Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and has 
the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
27.2. Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible for implementing all 
resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend 
Meetings (together with its advisers at the Issuer’s expenses, provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly 
documented) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3. Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities vested in it by these 
Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by power of attorney or 
otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or 
authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of such 
delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, 
omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such 
delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice to the Issuer and the 
Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, and shall procure 
that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably 
practicable. 
27.4. Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in any 
judicial proceedings, including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
27.5. Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and any other Transaction 
Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
27.6. Discretions 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have absolute discretion as to the 
exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules 
or by operation of law. 
27.7. Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled to exercise its discretion 
hereunder (including, but not limited, to forming any opinion in connection with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain 
the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in 
Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8. Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be 
remedied, and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of 
being remedied, such certificate, subject to the passing of any Extraordinary Resolution under Article 17.2 paragraph (h), shall be 
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the 
Transaction Documents. 
28 
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
28.1. Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition to those expressly 
provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
28.2. Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of this Article 28.2 (Specific limitations), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of 
Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable 
by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, 
until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, it shall be 
entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition or act has 
occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor or 
any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it 
shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing 
and performing all their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the Conditions, the terms of any 
Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any Covered Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, 
any information (including, without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made 
available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person in respect of 
the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to 
obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under any obligation to give notice 
to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these 
Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be 
created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged breach 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) 
it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way be liable 
whatsoever for:

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, certificate, valuation or 
investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the Servicer or compliance 
therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other authorisation in connection 
with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Account Banks, 
and the Corporate Servicer and the Principal Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or the 
Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds or the 
distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by any credit or rating agency or 
any other person; 
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, statement, warranty, representation 
or covenant by any party other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring registration or filing of or otherwise 
protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the 
Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether 
capable of being remedied or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables, the Integration Assets and/or 
the Liquid Assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or any part thereof provided by 
any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from the realisation of the Cover 
Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or verifying any determination or 
calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, 
authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of 
the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising 
from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their 
number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the 
jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
entitled to require, nor shall any Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax 
consequence of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders; 
(q) 
shall not, if, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is of the opinion that the 
interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise 
such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution 
or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Transaction Documents, except where 
expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the 
Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their interests, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered Bondholders;

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it under these Rules or 
any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has 
been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and 
demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a 
result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its 
duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of 
such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured, provided that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so 
requests in conjunction with the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any other person which may result from anything done or 
omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as 
the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.3. Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the Guarantor in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors under the security 
for the discharge of the Secured Amount, created by the Guarantor on or around the Initial Issue Date, pursuant the Italian Deed of 
Pledge and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (the “Security”). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Covered Bondholders and the other 
Secured Creditors’ interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly with the 
Guarantor, the obligors whose obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder to an 
Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security shall be deposit accounts for 
the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian civil code and agree that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with the 
provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to enforcement of the Security, in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the 
collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the Security, except in accordance with the foregoing, 
the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
28.4. Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, at any given time, held by 
or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
28.5. Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything which may be illegal or 
contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in 
the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action 
which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified 
against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29 
Reliance on Information 
29.1. Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any written information 
obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax adviser, credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned 
by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax 
transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or 
information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
29.2. Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director 
of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor to the effect that any 
particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be responsible 
for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration of 
these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
29.3. Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution purporting to be a Written 
Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the 
requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the 
constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid 
or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
29.4. Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the 
certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified 
therein. 
29.5. Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient evidence of the facts stated 
therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system or Registrar, 
as the case may be, as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record made by any 
clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular period any 
particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6. Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, 
duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules, that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the then 
current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected by 
such exercise, have otherwise given their consent or have otherwise informed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders that 
they will not take an adverse rating action as a result of the exercise by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any of its 
powers, authorities, duties or discretions hereunder. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary 
to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain such views 
itself at the cost of the Issuer. 
29.7. Certificates of parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the Guarantor to call for and 
to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document: 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for under the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, 
matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless any 
of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
29.8. Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any auditors’ report or 
certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30 
Amendments and Modifications 
30.1. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and without the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders 
concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any amendment and modification (and for this 
purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such amendment and modification relates to a 
Series Reserved Matter): 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or, which, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error or an error established 
as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error which is proven or is necessary or 
desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of 
complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the OBG Regulations or any guidelines issued 
by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
30.2. Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such condition (if any) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders determines and shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor and any other party in 
making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and only if it is indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may 
incur by so doing. 
30.4. Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may have regard to any evidence on 
which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to 
any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any way inconsistent with such stated 
intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required to reflect such intention; and 
(b) 
confirmation from Moody’s that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit 
ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31 
Waiver 
31.1. Waiver of breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at any time and from time to time without any consent or sanction of the 
Covered Bondholders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only if, 
and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the Covered Bondholders then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any proposed breach or breach 
of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights against 
the Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents. 
31.2. 
Binding nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred to in this Article 31 (Waiver) shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3. 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 31 in contravention 
of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid) 
and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter unless holders of Covered 
Bonds of each such Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
31.4. 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, waiver or 
determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given 
or made in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
32 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) 
upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, 
expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including, but not limited to, legal expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary 
and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings 
brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or 
any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same 
are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
33 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter 
or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to 
its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE 
OF AN ACCELERATION NOTICE 
34 
Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon the service of an Acceleration Notice or, prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, failing the 
Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall 
be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian civil code, to exercise certain 
rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain 
Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35 
Governing Law 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may 
be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]22 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, “EUWA”); (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”) 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect 
of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) / MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
 
 
22 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target 
market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) 
should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company 
(società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 28 November 2024 [and the prospectus supplement[s] dated [●]] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document constitutes the Final 
Terms of the OBG described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final 
Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus. 
Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus 
is available for viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. These Final 
Terms will be published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. 
Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.]

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
[When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
1 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[●] 
(ii) Tranche Number:  
[●] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●]  
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[●]  
 
(i) 
Series:  
[●]  
 
(ii) Tranche:  
[●]  
4 
Issue Price:  
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount  
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of [●] in addition to the 
said sum of € [1,000]] (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is Euro 
100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal 
amount)  
 
(ii) Calculation Amount:  
[●]  
6 
(i) 
Issue Date:  
[●]  
 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
7 
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
8 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts 
corresponding 
to 
Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee:  
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] (as referred to in Condition 7(b)) 
9 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent. Floating 
Rate]  
 
 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 6)] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in items [15] / [16] / [17] 
below)]  
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
par (as referred to in Condition 7(a))] / [Subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Instalment 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par on the payment 
dates and the relevant amounts specified in item [23] / 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●] (insert an amount

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
above 100%)/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount.] (as 
referred to in Condition 7(j)) 
11 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable] / [●] (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable)  
12 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 7(f))]  
 
 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 7(d))]  
 
 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] below)]  
13 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds [and of receipt of 
Covered Bond Guarantee]:  
[●] [and [●]], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bond Guarantee)] 
14 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
15 
Fixed Rate Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 4) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
 
(ii) CB Payment Date(s):  
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”) / [not adjusted]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]  
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16 
Floating Rate Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s):  
[●]

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
 
(ii) Specified Period:  
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives. 
A Specified Period, rather than CB Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)  
 
(iii) CB Payment Dates:  
[●] (Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”)  
 
(iv) First CB Payment Date:  
[●]  
 
(v) Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
 
(vi) Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]  
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Reference Rate:  
[For example, EURIBOR]  
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[●]  
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01]  
 
• 
Relevant Time:  
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]  
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre:  
[For example, Luxembourg/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)]  
 
(x) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option:  
[●]  
 
• 
Designated Maturity:  
[●]  
 
• 
Reset Date:  
[●]  
 
(xi) Margin(s):  
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17 
Zero Coupon Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[●] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) Reference Price:  
[●]  
Provisions Relating to Redemption  
18 
Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of Covered:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
• 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  [[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) Notice period:  
[●]  
19 
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put):  
[●]  
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Covered Bonds:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) Notice period:  
[●]  
20 
Final Redemption Amount  
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
shall be equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
Covered Bonds) 
21 
Early Redemption Amount  
[Not Applicable/ [] per Calculation Amount] (as referred 
to in Condition 7)

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
 
Early redemption amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default: 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds)  
General Provisions Applicable To The Covered Bonds  
22 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre] 
 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(ii) and 16 (vi) relate]  
23 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which principal is repayable in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made:  
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made] 
 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
 
By: ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ESTENSE COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
 
By: ........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(ii) Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated 
market 
of 
the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/specify other regulated market] with effect from 
[●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2 
Ratings 
Ratings:  
[Not applicable] / 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
 
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of the 
ratings if this has previously been published by the rating 
provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA)  
[[Moody’s]/[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the EEA 
and [is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).  
[The rating [insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the Covered 
Bonds is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”). [Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on the latest 
update of the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and [is included in the list 
of registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority 
at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration] under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).] 
/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU 
CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has 
given to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation.]]

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom.) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] is not established in the EEA or the UK 
[but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal 
name of credit rating agency], which is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, 
as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”)][and][[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”)]] / [but is certified 
under [Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”] / [and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) and 
the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in either the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the European Union but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the European Union which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses  
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds: 
[●] [(If the Covered Bonds are Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, describe the relevant 
projects to which the net proceeds of the Covered 
Bonds will be applied or make reference to the 
relevant bond framework to which the net proceeds of 
the Covered Bonds will be applied. See “Use of 
Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus)] 
Estimated net amounts of proceeds: 
[●] 
Estimated expenses in relation to the admission to 
trading: 
[●] [(Include breakdown of expenses)] 
5 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
6 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on the screen page [●]] / [Not 
Applicable]. 
[Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011) (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [[●] does/do not fall 
within the scope of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation such that [●] 
is not currently required to obtain authorization or

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
registration] / [the transitional provisions in Article 51 
of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] 
is not currently required to obtain recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
(Note that the transitional provisions in Article 51 of 
the EU Benchmarks Regulation applies only in 
respect of benchmark administrators located outside 
the EU since 31 December 2021)] 
7 
Distribution 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Compliant with Regulation S under U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933] / [Not Applicable] 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of other 
contractual arrangement to subscribe the Covered 
Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
8 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code:  
[●]  
Common Code:  
[●]  
[CFI: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable]

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
FISN: 
[[●] as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable]]  
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s):  
[Not Applicable / [_____].]  
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment.  
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (if 
any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held 
in a form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
(i.e. issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-
bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree) 
and does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
European Covered Bonds (Premium) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time 
agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. Such 
legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of assignment agreement, 
attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of the Registered Covered 
Bonds (the “Assignment Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation agreement, 
in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to which the holders of the Registered 
Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents and (b) undertake to 
comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants as to the exercise of certain rights in accordance 
with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Registered CB 
Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment of (i) any additional paying agent in respect of the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and (ii) the registrar in respect of the Registered Covered 
Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or 
additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity of each Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at 
least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the 
same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds or Tranche of Covered Bonds, from time to time 
outstanding. 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the MEF Decree and with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of 
Registered Covered Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that 
recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to 
time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be settled 
through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as 
Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised.

--- Page 305 ---
305 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in 
any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered Bonds 
and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set 
out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise 
provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other reference to 
Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB Conditions, 
the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered 
Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar 
a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination indicated in 
the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered 
Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 306 ---
306 
 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force (and practice in effect) in Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax matters 
concerning the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. This overview does not 
describe the tax consequences for an investor with respect to Covered Bonds that provide payout linked to the 
profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the group or profits of the business in relation to which they 
are issued. 
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each 
Covered Bondholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under 
Italian tax law and under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any 
other potentially relevant jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving 
payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts under the securities, including in particular the effect of 
any state, regional or local tax laws. 
Interest and other proceeds from Covered Bonds that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds  
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price, hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) 
from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures 
similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni).  
For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, 
at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and 
do not attribute to the holders any direct or indirect right to control or participate to the management of the 
Issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (b) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in 
nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (c) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Covered 
Bondholders from (a) to (c) opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” regime – see “Capital Gains 
Tax” below), Interest relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to 
a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax payment. 
Interest will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax 
due.

--- Page 307 ---
307 
 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time set 
forth under Italian tax law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited 
partnership qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private or public 
institutions carrying out commercial activities and holding the Covered Bonds in connection with this kind of 
activities) or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are 
effectively connected, and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered 
Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”) 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on 
productive activities (“IRAP”)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, 
payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (deposited with an authorised intermediary) made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Financial Law, as amended 
and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate investment 
companies with fixed capital (“Real Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate 
investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income 
tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a non-real estate 
SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) 
established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the 
supervision of a regulatory authority (the “Fund”), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised 
intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. 
The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in 
certain circumstances, to income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through distributions or in 
case of liquidation and/or redemption of the units and shares. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time set 
forth under Italian tax law.

--- Page 308 ---
308 
 
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stock exchange agents and other 
entities identified by a Decree of the Ministry for Economy and Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as 
subsequently amended and integrated.  
An Intermediary must: (a) (i) be resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (iii) a non-Italian resident financial intermediary – acting through a central 
securities depository – which is directly connected with the Italian Revenue Agency, having appointed an Italian 
tax representative for the purposes of Legislative Decree No. 239 and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection 
of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which 
results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, by the 
Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that 
the non-Italian resident (a) is the beneficial owner of the payment of Interest received under the Covered Bonds, 
(b) is resident, for tax purposes, in a country or territory which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy as currently listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, and possibly further amended 
by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239 (the “White List”). It should be noted 
that, pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, the Ministry for Economy and Finance 
holds the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange of information 
obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative countries; and (c) all 
the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules, as 
subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta sostitutiva are met or complied 
with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of Interest in 
respect of the Covered Bonds made to (a) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (b) a Central bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, 
the official reserves of a foreign State; or (c) an institutional investor incorporated in a country included in the 
White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own country. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors mentioned above must:  
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds (together with the related coupons) with an Italian 
resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-
resident operator of a clearing system which appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 
No. 239 an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or 
SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry for Economy and Finance; 
(b) 
file in due time with the relevant depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or 
withdrawn, in which the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable 
exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or 
entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy or in

--- Page 309 ---
309 
 
the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves of a foreign State, must 
comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently 
amended. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders which 
are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident Covered Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
payments of Interest made to a non-resident Covered Bondholder. 
Should the above exemptions not be applicable, the imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per 
cent. However, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders may be entitled to claim, if certain relevant conditions 
are met, a total or partial relief from the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva under the double taxation treaty, if any, 
between Italy and their  Country of residence, provided that all conditions for its application are met and subject 
to timely filing of the required documentation. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
guarantor. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian revenue authorities will not assert an 
alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not sustain such 
an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax 
at a rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. 
In case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per 
cent as a final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime 
described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that, from a tax perspective, are not deemed to fall within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), nor in the 
category of  shares or securities similar to shares pursuant to Article 44 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986, would qualify as atypical securities (titoli atipici) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 
of 30 September 1983 and, as consequence, would fall out of the scope of Decree No. 239 and may be subject 
to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax applies 
as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian 
resident, the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding tax.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds not falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici 
(“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains tax. Italian resident Covered Bondholders. 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as 
part of the taxable income subject to income tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected) or 
Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or 
società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, 
any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to a capital gain tax provided by Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997 (“Decree No. 461” ), levied at the current rate of 26 per cent (“CGT”). Covered Bondholders may set off 
losses with gains, subject to certain conditions. 
In respect of the application of the CGT, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital 
gains realised by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, on 
a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident 
individual Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax 
year. The relevant Covered Bondholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of 
any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay CGT on such gains together with any balance 
income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders holding the Covered 
Bonds under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 
of the Decree No. 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds 
being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express and 
valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains realised on each 
sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon

--- Page 311 ---
311 
 
the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the 
Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under 
the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds results 
in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities 
management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax 
return.  
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholder under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and have 
validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree No. 461 will be 
included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, 
at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under 
this risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried 
forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under 
the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the CGT) if the Covered 
Bondholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
and the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will not be subject to the CGT, but will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed 
with the Fund, but subsequent distributions and/or redemption in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be 
subject to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to CGT 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. However, a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders/shareholders of the Real Estate 
Fund; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, 
income of the Real Estate Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless 
of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax. 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds 
are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains tax. Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds

--- Page 312 ---
312 
 
are traded on regulated markets. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders file in due course with the authorized financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit 
(autocertificazione) stating that the Covered Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes and has no 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the Covered 
Bondholder: (a) qualifies as the beneficial owner of the capital gain and is resident in a country included in the 
White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a country included in the White 
List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence; in all of the above cases 
subject to timely filing of the required documentation.  
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the CGT at the current rate of 
26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to CGT in Italy, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation, on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (“Decree No. 262”), converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other 
securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(f) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000, 
for each beneficiary; 
(g) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law, or other relatives-in law to the 
third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(h) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, 
the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
€1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments (including the Covered Bonds) as a result of death (mortis causa) is exempt 
from inheritance tax when such financial instruments are included in a long-term saving account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time set forth by Italian tax 
law.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject, as far 
as relevant, to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed 
registration tax of €200; (b) private deeds are subject to registration tax of €200 only in case of use or voluntary 
registration (registrazione volontaria), in case of occurrence of the so-called enunciazione or in case of use 
(caso d’uso). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 (“Decree No. 
642”) as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting 
communications which may be sent by an Italian based financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in 
respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies 
at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (and cannot exceed €14,000, for taxpayers other than individuals) on the market value 
or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the Covered Bonds 
held, or in the case the nominal value or redemption amount cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the 
Notes held, as inferable from the intermediary's records.  
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Covered Bondholders and to non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders, to the extent that the Covered Bonds are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory nor 
the deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, 
the stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry for Economy on 
24 May 2012, the 0.2 per cent stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an 
entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
In accordance with Article 19 of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as subsequently amended, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and non-business 
partnerships that are resident in Italy holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory without the 
involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are required to pay a wealth tax which applies at a rate of 0.2 
per cent (starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of 0.40 per cent if the Covered Bonds 
are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999, pursuant to the provisions of 
Law No. 213/2023), which is determined in proportion to the period of ownership. The wealth tax is calculated 
on the market value of the Covered Bonds as at the end of the relevant year (or, if earlier, at the end of the 
holding period) or, if no market value figure is available, on the nominal or redemption value or in the case the 
nominal or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase price of the financial asset held outside 
the Italian territory. The wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000.00 per year for Covered Bondholders other than 
individuals. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes, if any, paid in the State 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
If the financial assets are held outside of Italy and are thus subject to the wealth tax, the above mentioned stamp 
duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does not apply. Conversely, financial 
assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian financial

--- Page 314 ---
314 
 
intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty provided 
for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree No. 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities, non-commercial partnerships and similar institutions are 
required to report in their yearly income tax return, according to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990 converted 
into law by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from time to time, for tax monitoring purposes, the 
amount of Covered Bonds held abroad during each tax year. The requirement applies also where the persons 
above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are the actual owners of the instrument pursuant 
to the anti money-laundering legislation (Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 November 2007). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to comply with respect to: (i) Covered Bonds 
deposited for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Covered Bonds have 
been subject to tax by the same tax intermediaries; or (iii) the foreign investments are only composed by deposits 
and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed €15,000.00 threshold throughout the year.

--- Page 315 ---
315 
 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note 
that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au 
fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be 
subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident 
of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the 
solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Covered Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-residents Covered Bondholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered 
Bonds held by non-resident Covered Bondholders. 
In accordance with the law of 25 November 2014, Luxembourg elected out of the withholding tax system in 
favour of an automatic exchange of information under the Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of 
savings income as from 1 January 2015. Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to non-resident 
individual Covered Bondholders or certain so-called residual entities are thus no longer subject to any 
Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the “Relibi Law”), interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Non-resident corporate Covered Bondholders or non-resident individual Covered Bondholders acting in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who do not have a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, are 
not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Covered Bonds or on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Resident Covered Bondholders

--- Page 316 ---
316 
 
A resident corporate Covered Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Covered Bonds, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same inclusion 
applies to an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking. 
A Covered Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by 
the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive 
object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies), 
is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, redemption premium or 
issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Covered Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with 
the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Covered Bondholder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. (self-
applied) tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of 
interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State), or in a 
state that has entered into a treaty with Luxembourg relating to the EU Savings Directive. A gain realised by an 
individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided 
that this sale or disposal took place less than six months after the Covered Bonds were acquired. However, any 
portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
except if withholding tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Covered Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bondholder 
is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, (ii) the law 
of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, (v) 
the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds. 
An individual Covered Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate 
taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum 
net wealth tax amounts to a Euro 4.815 flat rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least 
Euro 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the meaning 
of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of Luxembourg Plan Comptable Normalisé. 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from Euro 535 to Euro 
32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net 
wealth tax.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents relating to 
the Covered Bonds are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory 
registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a Covered Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the 
Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 318 ---
318 
 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, commonly 
known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on 
certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of 
jurisdictions (including the Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way 
in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign 
financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA 
from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to 
instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may 
be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that 
is two years after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the 
U.S. Federal Register. Further, Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised 
as equity and have a fixed term) for U.S. federal income tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that 
is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the 
U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially 
modified after such date (including by reason of a substitution of the Issuer). However, if additional Covered 
Bonds (as described under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not 
distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering 
period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, 
including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the grandfathering period, as subject to 
withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply 
to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be required to pay additional amounts 
as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 319 ---
319 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement, entered into on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus, as subsequently amended, and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Arranger and the initial Dealer (the “Programme Agreement”). The Programme 
Agreement makes provision for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection 
with the offer and sale of the Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other 
dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche. The Programme 
Agreement contains stabilising and market making provisions. 
Subscription Agreement 
In respect of any syndicated issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and any one or more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will enter into a 
subscription agreement (a “Subscription Agreement” and each Dealer party thereto, a “Relevant Dealer”). 
Each Subscription Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds 
will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient

--- Page 320 ---
320 
 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any “Relevant State” means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, any offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering)

--- Page 321 ---
321 
 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
The United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
“EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA;  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA;

--- Page 322 ---
322 
 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Covered Bonds. 
France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, and that such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all 
as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and 
Article 2 item (e) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
in 
compliance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Prospectus 
Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany to the offering 
and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set 
out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, 
and any applicable Italian law and regulation.  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (“Consolidated 
Banking Act”), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and regulation;

--- Page 323 ---
323 
 
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB and/or 
another Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Covered 
Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefor (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United States of America, United Kingdom, Japan, 
France, Germany and the Republic of Italy, see above). 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed “General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 324 ---
324 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Official List and be traded on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted 
basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where 
the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
25 October 2011. The publication of this Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 9 October 2024. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor on 2 November 2011. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled. 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered 
Bonds of each Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto.

--- Page 325 ---
325 
 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, there 
shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of Covered Bondholders is as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Issuer or the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of 
such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial position 
or profitability. 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2023 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2023 (the last 
date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial position or financial performance 
Since 30 September 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been 
published), there has been no significant change in the financial position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Since 31 December 2023 (the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial information or 
interim report on operations has been published), there has been no significant change in the financial position 
or in the financial performance of the Guarantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas 
Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be provided 
upon request. 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, without prejudice to paragraph “Publication on the Internet”, copies and, where 
appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be inspected during normal business hours at 
the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee (which is also available on https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/bonds-prospectus/estense-covered-bond); 
(b) 
the Issuer’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus;

--- Page 326 ---
326 
 
(c) 
the Guarantor’s Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(d) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024; 
(e) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2024; 
(f) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(g) 
the Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; 
(h) 
the Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(i) 
the Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); 
(j) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(k) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(l) 
the BPER Group press release dated 7 November 2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 September 
2024"; 
(m) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus; 
(n) 
any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or referred to in the 
Base Prospectus (other than consent letters); 
(o) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds which 
are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Covered Bondholders; and 
(p) 
any other document incorporated by reference. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, and at the following website https://istituzionale.bper.it/. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, other than the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to the applicable rules of the 
relevant regulated market. 
Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 327 ---
327 
 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent available 
financial statements of the Guarantor may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the 
accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent Investor 
Report may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet site of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto and documents incorporated 
by reference, if any, or further Base Prospectus, will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 
years on the website of the Issuer at the webpages https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-
prospectus/estense-covered-bond and https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/financial-statements-
reports.  
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be 
material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Santa Sofia, 28, 20122 Milan, Italy, is the current 
auditor of the Issuer and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held 
by the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte is also a member of ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale 
Revisori Contabili. The engagement of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. will expire upon approval of the Issuer’s 
financial statements as at and for the year ending 31 December 2025. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also the current auditor of the Guarantor. 
The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 December 
2022 and on the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended on 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022. 
Deloitte applied a review report to the Issuer's interim financial statements as of 30 June 2023 and 30 June 
2024, in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards in Italy.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates the page 
on which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some 
cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended 
from time to time.  
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement .............. 9 
Banca Finint ............................................................10 
Collateral ...................................................... 213, 231 
Compensation Threshold ......................................174 
Eligible Asset Portfolio .........................................187 
Eligible Green Assets ............................................187 
Eligible Social Assets ...........................................187 
Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs 171 
FCA ........................................................................22 
Floating Rate Option .............................................257 
General Bail-in Tool .............................................148 
General Criteria ......................................................42 
Green Bonds .........................................................186 
Group ....................................................................... 8 
Issuer ........................................................................ 8 
Master Transfer Agreement .............................. 9, 190 
Master Transfer Agreements ............................. 9, 190 
Potential Set-off Amounts .....................................174 
Receivables General Criteria ................................161 
Required Redemption Amount ..................... 207, 248 
Social Bonds .........................................................186 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ..............................46 
Subordinated Loan Provider .................................... 9 
Sustainability Bonds .............................................186 
Transfer Date ........................................................174 
£ 5 
€ 5, 237 
€STR .......................................................................82 
2015 Credit Agreement ...........................................77 
2019 Italian Credit Agreement ................................77 
24 hours ................................................................276 
30/360 ...................................................................233 
30E/360 .................................................................233 
30E/360 (ISDA) ....................................................234 
360/360 .................................................................233 
48 hours ................................................................277 
Acceleration Notice ........................................ 28, 227 
Account .................................................................227 
Account Banks ......................................................227 
Accounts ....................................................... 202, 227 
Accrual Yield ........................................................227 
Accumulation Date ......................................... 30, 227 
Actual/360 ............................................................233 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................233 
Actual/Actual ........................................................233 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..........................................232 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...........................................233 
Additional Business Centre(s) ..............................228 
Additional Collection Accounts ............................180 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ..............................228 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement .... 9, 190, 228 
Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts ...............199 
Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts .............199 
Additional Seller ................................. 9, 41, 190, 228 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement ....46, 195, 
228

--- Page 329 ---
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ... 42, 
194, 228 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount................ 171, 228 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount ..............207 
Affected Loan .......................................................172 
Affected Receivables ............................................194 
Amortisation Test .................................... 47, 175, 228 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount . 175, 229 
APM .......................................................................99 
Arranger ................................................................... 8 
Article ...................................................................277 
Article 74 Event ....................................................197 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice ........................ 197, 229 
Asset Coverage Test ...................................... 171, 229 
Asset Monitor ......................................... 10, 159, 229 
Asset Monitor Agreement ............................. 159, 229 
Asset Monitor Engagement Letter ........................159 
Asset Percentage ...................................................173 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance .......172 
Assignment Agreement .........................................306 
Available Funds .............................................. 39, 229 
AY .........................................................................265 
Back-up Servicing Agreement ..............................193 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive .............148 
Banking Act ...................................................... 8, 229 
Bankruptcy Law....................................................217 
Base Prospectus ................................................ 1, 294 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch ...................................10 
BoI Regulations ................................................ 1, 225 
Bond Basis ............................................................233 
Borrower .................................................................42 
Borrowers ...............................................................42 
BPER ............................................................ 1, 8, 225 
BPER Banking Group .............................................. 8 
BPER Commitment Limit ......................................50 
BPER Group ............................................................ 8 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement.......... 41, 188, 230 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement .... 45, 194, 230 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ...42, 193, 
230 
Breach of Tests Notice ............................ 49, 206, 230 
Breach Related Loss .............................................172 
Broken Amount .....................................................230 
BRRD ...................................................................148 
BRRD Amending Directive ..................................150 
BRRD Implementing Decrees ..............................149 
Business Day ........................................................230 
Business Day Convention .....................................230 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 11, 231 
Calculation Amount ..............................................231 
Calculation Date ............................................. 26, 231 
Calculation Period ................................................231 
Call Option ...........................................................231 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement .. 201, 231 
Cash Manager ................................................. 11, 231 
CB Interest Period ........................................... 15, 231 
CB Payment Date ........................................... 15, 231 
CHF ......................................................................... 5 
CICR .......................................................................75 
Clawed Back Amounts..........................................198 
Clearstream ....................................................... 1, 231 
Collateral ................................................................34 
Collateral Account .......................................... 34, 231 
Collection Account ....................................... 180, 232 
Collection Accounts ..............................................180 
Collection Period ............................................ 37, 232 
Condition ..............................................................225 
Conditions ............................................... 17, 225, 294

--- Page 330 ---
Conditions to the Issue ............................................21 
CONSOB ............................................ 1, 15, 232, 324 
Convention ..............................................................77 
Corporate Servicer .......................................... 10, 232 
Corporate Services Agreement ..................... 199, 232 
Cover Pool ............................................................232 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement ......... 205, 232 
Cover Pool Manager ..................................... 207, 232 
Covered Bond Directive .........................................84 
Covered Bond Guarantee ...................... 196, 215, 226 
Covered Bond Regulation .......................................84 
Covered Bond Swap ....................................... 12, 232 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty ................. 12, 232 
Covered Bondholders ............................. 20, 232, 277 
Covered Bonds.................................. 1, 225, 226, 277 
CRA Regulations ..................................................... 1 
Criteria ....................................................................43 
CRR ......................................................................... 1 
CSA ................................................................ 12, 213 
CSSF ........................................................................ 1 
Cure Period ...........................................................194 
Day Count Fraction ...............................................232 
Dealer....................................................................234 
Dealers .......................................................... 226, 321 
Debtor .....................................................................42 
Decree 190 ............................................................234 
Decree 351 ............................................................309 
Decree No. 239 .....................................................268 
Decree No. 262 .....................................................314 
Decree No. 642 .....................................................315 
Deecree No. 30 .....................................................150 
Deloitte .................................................................100 
Designated Maturity .............................................257 
Destinazione Italia Decree ......................................74 
Discount Factor .....................................................170 
distributor ................................................................. 2 
Due for Payment Date................................... 198, 234 
each Series of Covered Bonds ..............................226 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds ................. 208, 235 
Early Redemption Amount ........................... 198, 235 
Early Redemption Date .........................................235 
Early Termination Amount ...................................235 
ECB ........................................................................57 
Eligibility Criteria .................................................187 
Eligible Cover Pool ...............................................170 
Eligible Deposits ...................................................235 
Eligible Deposits Advance .............................. 46, 194 
Eligible Institution .......................................... 11, 235 
Eligible Investment ...............................................235 
Eligible Investments ...............................................45 
Eligible Sustainability Assets ................................187 
EMMI ...................................................................... 2 
English Account ....................................................237 
English Account Bank .................................... 11, 237 
English Accounts .......................................... 184, 237 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment .... 211, 
237 
ESG Investment Policy .........................................187 
ESMA ............................................................. 1, 2, 22 
Estense Cover Pool Report Date ...........................237 
EU Benchmarks Regulation ..................................... 2 
EU CRA Regulation ...........................................1, 56 
EUR ......................................................................... 5 
EURIBOR ....................................................... 81, 237 
euro .......................................................................... 5 
Euro ......................................................................... 5 
Eurobond Basis .....................................................233 
Euroclear .................................................................. 1

--- Page 331 ---
Eurodollar Convention ..........................................230 
Excess Proceeds ......................................................39 
Excess Swap Collateral ...........................................34 
Expense Required Amount ............................. 31, 181 
Expenses .................................................................28 
Expenses Account .................................................180 
Exposure Limit ............................................... 50, 237 
Extended Maturity Date .................................. 19, 238 
Extension Determination Date ................................20 
FIEA .....................................................................323 
Final Adhesion Term ...............................................77 
Final Redemption Amount .............................. 19, 198 
Final Terms ..................................................... 18, 226 
Financial Law ................................................... 1, 225 
First Collateral Account ........................................184 
Fitch ........................................................................56 
Floating Rate .........................................................257 
Floating Rate Convention .....................................230 
Following Business Day Convention ....................230 
FRN Convention ...................................................230 
Fund ......................................................................309 
GDPR....................................................................191 
Guaranteed Amounts ............................................198 
Guarantor ...................................................... 1, 8, 225 
Guarantor Calculation Agent .................................. 11 
Guarantor Events of Default ...................................27 
Guarantor Payment Date .........................................30 
Guarantor’s Rights ................................................200 
IASB .....................................................................100 
ICS ........................................................................187 
IFRIC ....................................................................100 
IGAS .....................................................................320 
In Arrears ..............................................................170 
Initial Collection Account .....................................180 
Initial Receivables .................................. 41, 161, 188 
Initial Seller ............................................................. 8 
Initial Transfer Date ................................................37 
Initial Valuation Date ..............................................37 
Insolvency Event ............................................ 26, 252 
Insurance Policy......................................................73 
Integration Advance ........................................ 46, 194 
Integration Assets .............................. 23, 43, 161, 239 
Integration Assignment ................................... 41, 239 
Intercreditor Agreement ........................................200 
Interest Amount ....................................................239 
Interest Available Funds .................................. 33, 240 
Interest Basis .........................................................241 
Interest Commencement Date ......................... 15, 241 
Interest Coverage Test................................... 168, 241 
Interest Determination Date ..................................241 
Intermediary ..........................................................310 
Investment Account ...................................... 180, 241 
Investment Agent ............................................ 11, 241 
Investment Date ....................................................184 
Investor Report .....................................................201 
Investor’s Currency.................................................90 
Investor’s Report Date ..........................................204 
IRAP .....................................................................309 
IRES .....................................................................309 
ISDA ............................................................... 12, 213 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................241 
ISDA Determination .............................................241 
ISDA Master Agreement ................................. 12, 213 
ISDA Rate .............................................................256 
Issuance Advance ............................................ 46, 194 
Issuance Assignment ...............................................41 
Issue Date ....................................................... 14, 241 
Issue Price ....................................................... 14, 241

--- Page 332 ---
Issuer ................................................................. 1, 225 
Issuer Event of Default ................................. 241, 269 
Issuer Events of Default ..........................................24 
Italian Account Bank ...................................... 10, 241 
Italian Accounts ............................................ 180, 241 
Italian Deed of Pledge................................... 211, 241 
Italian Insolvency Code ................................ 217, 222 
Italian Paying Agent ....................................... 12, 242 
Italy .......................................................................... 5 
Latest Valuation ....................................................173 
Law 111 ..................................................................85 
Law 126 ..................................................................77 
Law 130 ............................................................ 1, 225 
Law Decree 93 ........................................................77 
Law No. 342 ...........................................................75 
Liquid Assets ............................................ 23, 43, 242 
Liquid Assets ........................................................161 
Liquidation Date ........................................... 182, 242 
Liquidity Buffer Account .............................. 180, 242 
Liquidity Buffer Securities Account ............. 180, 242 
Liquidity Buffer Target Account ...........................242 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount .............................50 
Listing Agent ........................................................242 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ...........................171 
Luxembourg Listing Agent .....................................12 
Mandate Agreement ...................................... 212, 242 
Mandatory Tests ............................................ 168, 242 
Margin ..................................................................242 
Master Transfer Agreement ..................................242 
Master Transfer Agreements .................................242 
Maturity Date .................................................. 19, 242 
Maximum Rate of Interest ....................................242 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...........................242 
Meeting .................................................................242 
MEF Decree ..........................................................225 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ........................... 2 
Minimum OC Requirement ............................ 51, 242 
Minimum Rate of Interest .....................................243 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............................243 
M-MDA ................................................................151 
Modified Business Day Convention .....................230 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ....230 
Monte Titoli ...................................................... 1, 243 
Monte Titoli Account Holders .......................... 1, 243 
Monthly Calculation Date .....................................243 
Moody’s ........................................................ 1, 13, 56 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation ...........................174 
Moody’s Set-Off Exposure ...................................174 
Morningstar DBRS .................................................56 
Mortgage Credit Directive ......................................76 
Mortgage Loans .............................. 23, 161, 188, 243 
Mortgage Pool Swap ....................................... 12, 243 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ................. 11, 243 
MREL ...................................................................150 
MRO .......................................................................55 
Negative Carry Factor ................................... 173, 243 
Net Available Redemption Funds .........................168 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover 
Pool ...................................................................169 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool .......169 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds
 ..........................................................................169 
No Adjustment ......................................................231 
Nominal Value Test ....................................... 168, 243 
Non Performing Loan ................................... 170, 243 
Notice to Pay .................................................. 25, 243 
NPLs .....................................................................148 
NPV Test ....................................................... 168, 243

--- Page 333 ---
NRAs ....................................................................151 
OBG Calculation Period .......................................232 
OBG Regulations .............................................. 1, 225 
Official Gazette .....................................................243 
Official List .............................................................. 1 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ....................243 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .....................243 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .........................244 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..........................244 
Order ............................................................. 198, 244 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ............244 
Original Reference Rate..........................................82 
Originator ................................................................73 
Outstanding Principal Balance ..............................244 
Partial Cover Pool .................................................209 
Paying Agents .......................................................244 
Payment Business Day .........................................244 
Payments Report ...................................................201 
Payments Report Date .................................. 204, 244 
Perpetual Case ........................................................71 
Person ...................................................................244 
Place of Payment ..................................................244 
Post-Acceleration Report ......................................201 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments ..................................................... 40, 244 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments 39, 
244 
Potential Commingling Amount ...........................173 
Preceding Business Day Convention ....................230 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment ..............................................................30 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments ...........................................................244 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments ..................................................... 32, 245 
Pre-Maturity Account ........................... 167, 245, 266 
Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount ........... 167, 245, 266 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period ..................... 51, 168, 245 
Pre-Maturity Test .................................. 167, 245, 266 
Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice .......... 167, 245, 266 
Pre-Maturity Test Date ............................ 51, 168, 245 
Price Adjustment Advance .............................. 46, 194 
Principal Available Funds ............................... 35, 245 
Principal Financial Centre ....................................246 
Principal Paying Agent ................................... 12, 246 
Priorities of Payments .............................................40 
Priority of Payments .............................................246 
Privacy Law ..........................................................191 
Programme ........................................................ 1, 225 
Programme Agreement ......................... 210, 226, 321 
Programme Limit ............................................ 13, 246 
Programme Resolution .........................................246 
Programme Termination Date ...............................190 
Prospectus Regulation ...................................... 1, 294 
Public Entity Securities ........................... 43, 161, 246 
Put Option .............................................................246 
Put Option Notice ......................................... 194, 246 
Put Option Receipt ................................................246 
Quota Capital Account ..........................................180 
Quotaholders .........................................................157 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ............................. 210, 247 
Random Basis .......................................................208 
Rate of Interest ......................................................247 
Rating Agency ............................................ 1, 13, 247 
Rating Event ................................................... 35, 253 
RBS .......................................................................... 8 
Real Estate Funds .................................................309 
Receivables ............................................. 23, 161, 247 
Redemption Amount .............................................247

--- Page 334 ---
Redemption/Payment Basis ..................................247 
Reference Banks ...................................................247 
Reference Price .....................................................247 
Reference Rate ......................................................247 
Registered CB Conditions ................................ 1, 306 
Registered CB Rules Agreement .................... 15, 306 
Registered Covered Bondholders ...........................16 
Registered Covered Bonds .......................... 1, 13, 306 
Registered Paying Agent ......................... 13, 247, 306 
Registrar ............................................ 12, 80, 247, 306 
Regular Date .........................................................247 
Regular Period ......................................................247 
Relevant Clearing System .....................................247 
Relevant Clearing Systems ...................................... 1 
Relevant Date........................................................247 
Relevant Dealer ....................................................321 
Relevant Dealer(s) ................................................248 
Relevant Dealers ................................................... 211 
Relevant Financial Centre .....................................248 
Relevant Screen Page ...........................................248 
Relevant Time .......................................................248 
Renegotiated Loan ................................................172 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders ..13, 226, 
248 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount 207 
Required Redemption Amount ...............................39 
Required Reserve Amount .............................. 35, 248 
Reserve Account ...................................................184 
Reset Date .............................................................257 
Revolving Assignment ............................................41 
RP .........................................................................265 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders ......................................................227 
S&P .........................................................................56 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date .........................198 
Scheduled Interest .................................................199 
Scheduled Payment Date ......................................199 
Scheduled Principal ..............................................199 
Second Moody’s Rating Trigger ...........................174 
Second Party Opinion ...........................................187 
Secured Creditors .......................................... 200, 250 
Securities Account ........................................ 180, 250 
Securities Act .................................................... 5, 322 
Security .................................................................288 
Selected Assets.............................................. 207, 250 
Sellers ............................................................... 8, 250 
Sellers’ Claims ........................................................31 
Series ...................................................... 13, 225, 250 
Series of Covered Bonds.......................................250 
Series Reserved Matter .........................................279 
Servicer ..................................................... 9, 191, 250 
Servicer Report .....................................................250 
Servicer Termination Event ..................................192 
Servicing Agreement .................................... 191, 250 
SGRs .....................................................................310 
SIMs .....................................................................310 
Specific Criteria ......................................................42 
Specified Currency ......................................... 14, 250 
Specified Denomination(s) ...................................250 
Specified Office ....................................................250 
Specified Period ....................................................250 
SRB .......................................................................150 
SRM ......................................................................153 
SRM Regulation ...................................................153 
Stabilising Manager(s) ............................................. 5 
Subordinated Loan .......................................... 45, 194 
Subordinated Loan Agreement .............................250 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ................ 9, 195, 250

--- Page 335 ---
Subordinated Loan Interest ...................................195 
Subordinated Loan Provider .................................250 
Subscription Agreement ................................ 226, 321 
Subsequent Receivables .................. 41, 161, 188, 251 
Subsidiary .............................................................251 
sub-unit ......................................................... 255, 257 
successor ...............................................................277 
Successor Servicer .......................................... 10, 192 
Suspension Period .................................................199 
Swap Agreements ........................................... 12, 251 
Swap Counterparties ....................................... 12, 251 
Swap Counterparty ...............................................251 
Swap Curve ...........................................................170 
Swap Trigger ................................................... 35, 251 
T2 ..........................................................................251 
TARGET Settlement Day .....................................251 
Tax Reform .............................................................85 
Test Performance Report ........................ 50, 206, 251 
Tests .............................................................. 171, 251 
TLAC standard .....................................................152 
Tranche ........................................................... 13, 225 
Transaction Account .............................................183 
Transaction Documents ........................................251 
Transaction Party ..................................................277 
U.S. Dollar ............................................................... 5 
U.S.$ ........................................................................ 5 
UK Benchmarks Regulation ...................................81 
UK CRA Regulation ...........................................1, 91 
UK Sterling .............................................................. 5 
Usury Law ..............................................................74 
Usury Law Decree ..................................................74 
Usury Rates .............................................................74 
Usury Regulations ..................................................74 
Valuation Date ......................................................188 
Valuation Date ........................................................37 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement .....................252 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreements ..... 42, 194, 252 
White List .............................................................310 
Written Resolution ................................................276 
y 265 
Yen ........................................................................... 5 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond .................................252 
Zero Coupon Provisions .......................................252

--- Page 336 ---
336 
 
ISSUER, SERVICER, INITIAL SELLER, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy  
 
GUARANTOR 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy  
 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT, ITALIAN ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGER 
BNP Paribas, Milan Branch  
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3 
20124 Milano 
Italy 
 
ENGLISH ACCOUNT BANK  
BNP Paribas, London branch  
10 Harewood Avenue 
London 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg branch  
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
 L-1855 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg

--- Page 337 ---
337 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and the Dealer  
As to Italian law and English law 
Allen Overy Sherman Sterling Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto 5  
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer  
As to Italian law and English law 
Hogan Lovells Studio Legale 
Via Marche 1-3 
00187 Rome 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor  
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
Via Santa Sofia, 28  
20122 Milan 
Italy