--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
  
 
€6,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
for the issue of notes by  
BPER Banca S.p.A.    
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Bank" or the 
"Issuer" or "BPER") may from time to time issue instruments in bearer form governed by English law (the 
“English Law Notes”) and instruments governed by Italian law (the “Italian Law Notes”, and together 
with the English Law Notes, the “Notes”) under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") and denominated in such currencies as may be from time to time agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below).   
The Notes issued under the Programme may qualify as senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred 
Notes"), senior non-preferred notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and together with the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes"), and subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"), subject in each 
case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives.  
The sum of the nominal amounts in respect of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be issued on a 
continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis 
(each a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers"). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than Euro  
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency), while Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the Programme 
will have a denomination of at least Euro 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
The terms and conditions for the English Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes” and the terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”. References to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes 
and/or the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the 
“Conditions” shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, in “Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes, and in “Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Italian Law Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for the approval of this 
Base Prospectus. Pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, by approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes to be issued thereunder 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such 
approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the 
subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF does not engage in respect of the 
economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. This Base Prospectus 
will remain in force until its expiration date, on 10 November 2022. 
The Programme has been rated "Ba3" (Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note and Subordinate Medium-
Term Note) by Moody’s France SAS ("Moody's") and " BB+" (Long-term Senior Preferred), "B" (Short-

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
term Senior Preferred) and "BB-" (Subordinated debt) by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) 
("Fitch"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch is established in the European union and is included in the list of 
credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended.  
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets 
in Financial Instruments ("MiFID II") (the "Regulated Market"). The Programme also permits Notes to 
be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, market, stock exchange and/or quotation system or that they will be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as 
may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers.  
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2020 and any 
supplement thereto. 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme from the date hereof are to be issued subject to the provisions 
set out herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue at the date hereof. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute, to the CMS Rate, which may be provided by, among others, the 
administrator of EURIBOR or the ICE Benchmark Administration, to the sterling overnight index average 
rate (“SONIA”), which is provided by the Bank of England,in each case as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of 
EURIBOR) is included in the register of administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority ("ESMA") under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 ("Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of 
CMS) does not appear on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. ICE Benchmark Administration appears on 
the register of the Financial Conduct Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”). As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE Benchmark Administration is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA’s register of administrators under Article 
36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, SONIA does not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in the "Risk Factors" 
section below. 
 
Lead Arranger 
Citigroup 
 
     Dealers  
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate &  
Investment Banking 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Credit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
 
 
 
10 November 2021 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by the Issuer are subject to a 
substitute tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") of 26 per cent pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996 in certain circumstances. In order to obtain exemption at source from imposta sostitutiva 
in respect of payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, each Noteholder not 
resident in the Republic of Italy is required to certify that such Noteholder is (i) deemed to be resident in a 
country which recognises the Italian fiscal authorities' right to a satisfactory exchange of information and 
(ii) the beneficial owner of payments of interest or other income relating to the Notes, all as more fully set 
out in "Taxation" on page 182. 
Notes that qualify as atypical securities ("titoli atipici") are subject to withholding tax levied at the rate of 
26 per cent in respect of premium (if any) and other income pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of September 
1983, as amended. 
For each Tranche of Notes which is issued under the Programme, final terms will be prepared containing 
the information required to complete the information for the relevant issue (each "Final Terms") which, 
with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, will 
be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and filed with the CSSF. In relation to each Tranche of 
Notes issued under the Programme, this Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global 
Note") which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is intended 
to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. Each Temporary 
Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global 
note ("Permanent Global Note") or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification as to non-US 
beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, all as further described in "Form of the Notes" 
section set out on page 53. 
The Issuer and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee may agree with any Dealer(s) that Notes may 
be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes respectively, in which case 
a prospectus specific to such Tranche of Notes (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), will be made available which 
will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the 
Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus 
before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference" section on page 39) and shall be 
construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus.   
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
Neither the Dealers nor, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee, have independently verified all the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or, in the case of the English Law Notes, 
the Trustee, or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes or their distribution.  The statements made in this paragraph are made without 
prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon 
as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the English Law Notes, the 
Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of 
the English Law Notes, the Trustee, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should subscribe for and purchase any Note. Each 
investor contemplating subscribing for, or purchasing any of the Notes, should make its own independent 
investigation of the affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes constitutes 
an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the English Law Notes, the 
Trustee, to any person to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. The Dealers and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee expressly 
do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by law 
in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and, in case of English Law Notes, the Trustee do not 
represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the 
English Law Notes, the Trustee, which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions. For details 
of certain restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in the United 
States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland, the European Economic Area, the Republic 
of Italy, Japan and France, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act"), will be in bearer form and subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to certain 
exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US persons (see 
"Subscription and Sale" below). 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and may not be distributed in Italy other than (i) to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 
("Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended from time to time (the "Consolidated Finance Act"), and/or regulations issued by the 
CONSOB, or (ii) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONOSB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, 
as amended from time to time, and any applicable Italian law or regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, or where the context requires otherwise, references to 
a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the EEA, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction 
of the euro, as amended. 
All references in this document to "US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and references 
to "Japanese Yen", "Yen" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may 
over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level 
higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any 
stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no 
later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the 
date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be 
conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s), or persons acting on behalf of the Stabilising Manager(s), in 
accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client 
as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and theref ore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
 
subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the 
Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook 
(the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor 
any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore), 
as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the 
Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be 
prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-
N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations 
on Investment Products). 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes should 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in 
this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial 
markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of 
risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes, unless the potential 
investor has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment 
will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 7 ---
vii 
 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have 
been cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them 
under applicable law.

--- Page 8 ---
viii 
CONTENTS  
 
 
Page 
 
CONTENTS ..............................................................................................................................................viii 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 10 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT ........................................................................................................... 38 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 39 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES ............................................ 45 
FORM OF THE NOTES ............................................................................................................................ 53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ........................................................ 58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ......................................................... 91 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ............................................................................................................. 123 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 138 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER........................................................................................................... 139 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 182 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 189 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 194

--- Page 9 ---
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject as set out 
herein. Key features of the Programme relating to the Notes appear below. The applicable terms of any Notes will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issuing Notes in an aggregate nominal amount which, 
when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously issued under 
the Programme, does not exceed €6,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the purpose of calculating the 
euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified 
Currency (as defined under "Form of the Notes" below) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer (in the case 
of the issue of Notes), either as at the agreement date for such Notes or, in either case, on the preceding day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot 
rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market 
quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued under 
the Programme. These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a position to express 
a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Factors which could be material for the purpose of assessing 
the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes issued 
under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with 
any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information 
currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. In addition, the following risk factors are 
presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature and, in each category, the most material risk 
factors for the Issuer or the Issuer’s group (the "BPER Group" or the "Group") are mentioned first. Accordingly, the 
Issuer does not represent that the statements below regarding the risk of holding any Notes are exhaustive. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their 
own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section, 
unless stated otherwise. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Notes 
issued under the Programme  
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer;  
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer.  
 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s Financial Position 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the deregulation of 
the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation and a blurring of the 
distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the difference between borrowing 
and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly relating to dealings conducted on behalf 
of third parties as an intermediary bank, which could have a material adverse effect on the Group, notably in its 
profitability. 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans and in 
attracting deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign banks, 
mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and purchasers of 
loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer must 
compete. BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its growth prospects, and 
consequently, its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-bank competitors that provide 
banking services, which activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny under existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes.  
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors' products and service offerings and retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market share or incur losses in some

--- Page 11 ---
11 
or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material adverse effect 
on the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Impact of events that are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial markets, 
interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, 
particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a regional, national and 
international level. Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit 
quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and 
the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
Risks associated with the new coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic  
The World Health Organization ("WHO") declared a global emergency on 30 January 2020 with respect to the outbreak 
in 2019 of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) which emerged in Wuhan, China. The WHO subsequently characterised it as a 
pandemic on 11 March 2020. The outbreak has spread throughout Asia, Europe and the Middle East and there have been 
cases of Covid-19 throughout the world (including Brazil, Canada, United States, among others), causing companies and 
various international jurisdictions to impose restrictions, such as quarantines, closures, cancellations and travel 
restrictions. The entire national and international scenario has been severely affected by such restrictions. The pandemic 
significantly affected the markets, globally and locally, from a systemic standpoint, and lead to sharp declines in the 
gross domestic product (GDP) of several States (including Italy). Although the effects of the pandemic are expected to 
be temporary, the duration of the business disruptions internationally and related financial impact cannot be reasonably 
estimated at this time. Similarly, we cannot estimate whether or to what extent this outbreak and potential financial 
impact may extend to States outside of those currently impacted. Such circumstances originated a general uncertainty 
and the full extent of its adverse impacts is not entirely foreseeable at the moment. Notwithstanding, it is expected that 
the pandemic will continue to have an overall negative impact on the markets, market players and States in 2021. The 
severe restrictive measures put in place by the relevant States in order to contain the spread of the outbreak, including 
lockdowns which lasted for several weeks and moratoriums on the repayments of loans, have had a highly significant 
across-the-board impact on economic activity and value-chains.  
The Group acted promptly in response to the pandemic, adopting a number of actions to deal with the critical context 
and to mitigate the related risks, and implemented the measures introduced by the Italian lawmaker. However, the 
emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in the current and future 
macroeconomic, financial and legal context had, has and will continue to have a substantial effect on the economic and 
financial dynamics of BPER Group. It could also lead to negative effects on the activity and prospects as well as on the 
economic and financial situation of the Issuer and the Group. The Group’s activity may be adversely affected, as higher 
operating costs, lower fee earnings, credit losses, compliance and corporate governance challenges and a compression of 
net interest income can be expected. Therefore, no assurance can be given that the outbreak will not have a material 
adverse impact on the Issuer and the Group’s business and financial performance.  
If the Covid-19 pandemic continues to negatively affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the business, 
financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the likelihood and/or magnitude 
of other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The future impact of the outbreak is still highly uncertain and its final magnitude cannot be predicted. The extent of the 
impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain Covid-19 and the effects of ongoing 
immunisation programmes implemented by the relevant States. The paramount concern in 2021 and 2022 lies in a 
resurgence of the pandemic. The surge of more resistant variants of the virus to vaccines is a potential obstacle to a 
resumption of economic normality, accompanied by the operational risks related to the production, distribution and 
inoculation of the vaccine and reluctance of sectors of the population as regards their efficacy. Moreover, differences in 
access of populations to vaccines can trigger false starts regarding the reopening of economies and require extensions of 
the period of social distancing, augmenting uncertainties and insecurities faced by households, companies and politicians. 
Interest rate fluctuation Risk 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and the equity 
value of the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment risk. Income risk 
derives from the possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net interest income, being the 
difference between interest received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from the possibility that adverse changes 
in the value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments held by the Bank, following changes in interest rates, 
may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of BPER Group. The results of the Group's banking 
operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market interest rates.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest 
income. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to 
accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the BPER Group's business activity, financial 
performance and condition, asset value, and/or results of operations.  
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group’s lending and deposit spreads. Rising 
interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group's cost of funding at a higher rate than the yield on 
its assets due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to interest rate 
changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar maturities. At the 
same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER Group's assets at a rate, which may not 
correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
In addition, in recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition, which, together 
with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing and lending rates, 
and has made it difficult for the BPER Group to maintain positive growth trends in interest rate margins. 
Business Concentration Risk 
The Issuer's key market geographically is the Emilia Romagna region, where the Issuer has historically operated and 
where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties are 
inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and 
counterparties (as mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a general deterioration 
in either the Italian or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the 
recoverability and value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's impairment provision for bad and 
doubtful debts and other provisions. 
Risks connected to a potential credit rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s France SAS ("Moody's"), and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") 
which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance 
with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to the 
CRA Regulation.  
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which the BPER is able to obtain funding. Any downgrade of the 
Issuer's credit rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs, and require the Issuer to 
post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and could limit the Issuer’s 
access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. In addition, a downgrade of the Issuer's rating 
may limit the Issuer's opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse effect on the Issuer's 
image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect 
on the Issuer's financial condition and/or the results of its operations and, therefore, on the rating assigned to the Notes 
where applicable.  
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution of the 
Issuer’s ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo, the rating of the Italian Government 
debt, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on asset quality, profitability, and capital of the Issuer.  
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the financial markets in 
general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular. During recessionary periods, there may be less demand 
for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. 
Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest 
rates and in ratings in the Eurozone and in the other markets in which the BPER Group operates influence its performance.  
Among others, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; (ii) global 
geopolitical tensions (including recent developments in connection with the trade disputes between the United States and 
China and the related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced and the withdrawal of US troops from 
Afghanistan); (iii) residual uncertainty about the withdrawal of the UK from the EU (“Brexit”), effective from midnight 
on 31 December 2020, which will be governed by an agreement reached only in extremis by the two counterparties; (iv) 
future developments of the European Central Bank’s (“ECB”) monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve 
system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations

--- Page 13 ---
13 
of their currencies; (v) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the 
financial markets; and (vi) the volatile trend in the price of oil.  
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current economic, 
financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, therefore, its business is 
particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of its financial condition as well as 
prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member states. This, 
together with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to their membership of 
the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national currency, to adopt an alternative 
currency. A potential collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of the EU’s economic and financial situation 
with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans 
and loans to businesses, and significant changes to financial activities both at market and retail level. The materialization 
of these risks could have a significant adverse impact on global economic conditions and the stability of international 
financial markets and a material and negative impact on BPER Group and/or on BPER Group’s clients, with negative 
implications for BPER Group’s business, results and financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might affect negatively the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro area. 
Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on households 
disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group’s business, results and 
financial position.  
On 31 January 2020, the UK formally left the EU. The withdrawal process encompassed the conclusion of an EU-UK 
Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which was ratified by the EU Council in 29 April 2021. This agreement does not 
create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU 
and from the EU into the UK. The withdrawal agreement entered into by the EU and the UK ensures there is a statute 
book in the UK, however, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 
have ceased to apply to the UK. Furthermore, there remain significant uncertainties with regards to the political and 
economic outlook of the UK and the EU. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able to make 
a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the Italian economy would 
have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group’s business, in light of the BPER Group’s significant exposure to the 
Italian economy. 
In June 2020, the European Central Bank’s (ECB) to contain the economic impacts of the spread of the Covid-19 
pandemic enacted a series of monetary policies and supervision measures. In particular, its Pandemic Emergency 
Purchase Program (PEPP) came into force with the scope of lowering borrowing costs and increasing the lending activity 
in the Euro area. The ECB will terminate net asset purchases under the PEPP once it judges that the Covid-19 crisis is 
over, but in any case not before the end of March 2022. In addition, through its Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing 
Operations (TLTRO-III) the ECB improved liquidity in the markets and bank funding with longer maturities and an 
interest rate of up to 50 bps lower than the interest rate on the standing deposit facility. The adoption of, among others, 
these measures by the ECB has contributed to ease tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and 
leading to a tightening of credit spreads. The possibility that the European Central Bank could halt or reconsider the 
current set up of unconventional measures, as recent developments have shown, would impact negatively the value of 
sovereign debt instruments. This would have a materially negative impact on the BPER Group’s business, results and 
financial position. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis in the Euro 
area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further acceleration of the European 
sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the recoverability and quality of the sovereign 
debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial resources of the BPER Group’s clients holding similar 
securities. The occurrence of any of the above events may cause the BPER Group to suffer losses, increases in funding 
costs and a diminution in the value of its assets, with a potential adverse effect on the BPER Group liquidity, financial 
position and results of transactions including its ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt 
in order to meet its funding requirements.  
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and market 
liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out deteriorating positions in 
a timely manner.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely affect 
the BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments in and sales of 
products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an impact on the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other affected economies 
may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the BPER Group's loan portfolio 
and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels. 
BPER Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access the debt 
market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance with prospective 
regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or financial position 
of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant effects on 
the time to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and the consequent need 
to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In addition to this, the consequences of 
a possible decline of the price of the securities held could make it difficult to ensure that the securities can be easily 
liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit strategies 
to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent years to assure the 
liquidity and stability of the financial system. In this case, the economic and financial position of the BPER Group might 
suffer further adverse consequences. 
 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Issuer’s business activities  
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial intermediary 
such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a series of other risks 
typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in the 
broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer is exposed to 
normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, fraudulent behaviour of 
customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, their financial position, or their 
ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Any failure by its customers to accurately report their financial 
and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could have an adverse 
effect on the Issuer's business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies and 
commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk are dependent upon its 
ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in market prices or 
interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses 
the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market interest 
rates.  
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic manner. 
It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities incurred by the 
intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. The activity of the 
Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and retail markets. The Group 
also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB's lending policy or funding requirements, 
including changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted by the ECB as collateral for calculating 
the value of such assets could affect the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Risks connected to recent ECB guidance on NPL provisioning  
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) as amended and 
supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and best 
practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the guidance 
in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB published an 
addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 
20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach regarding 
the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks should ensure 
that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely managed by their 
management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it asks banks to devise a 
strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks should 
explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the Single 
Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may trigger supervisory 
measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures has 
been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential backstop" to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future 
NPLs. These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Evolving regulatory environment 
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER are subject to 
various and constant changes. 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which Italian domestic and European Union 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive supervision by the Bank of Italy, 
CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European Central Bank and 
the European System of Central Banks.  
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various forms. 
The laws and regulations applicable to BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage and are designed 
to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in banking groups, and to limit 
their exposure to risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with laws and regulations regarding financial services, such 
as those governing the marketing distribution and sales of financial products and services. 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business activities, including 
(inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities, the 
prevention of money laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and proper conduct in relations with 
customers and compliance with records keeping and reporting obligations. 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their enforcement 
that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators of the laws and 
regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A breach of any regulations by the Issuer 
could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities and the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and 
be involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations and 
guidelines that may require additional expenditures, investments in systems and people and compliance with which may 
place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer.  
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with respect to 
capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and could limit the 
Group’s ability to distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a significant impact on the Issuer 
by, among others, requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly liquid but lower-yielding 
financial instruments, which can negatively affect its interest margin.  
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not 
have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
Investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the above regulations 
as implemented by each Member State.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution 
of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive" or 
"BRRD") entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set of tools to 
intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the 
institution’s critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the 
economy and financial system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that any 
alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a 
resolution action is in the public interest: 
 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its 
business on commercial terms;  
 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control);  
 
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and  
 
bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors 
(including, inter alia, the Senior Preferred Note, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes) 
of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including, inter alia, the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes) to equity (the "General Bail-in Tool"), which 
equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution 
tools (including the bail-in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be provided in 
accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach of 
its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; 
(iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or (iv) it requires 
extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at 
the point of non-viability and before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken ("Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion into equity 
may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in cancellation or dilution of the 
shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-
viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under certain 
circumstances, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the 
institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are 
written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate 
authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable.  
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in accordance with 
the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such application on the Noteholders 
will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any priority given to other creditors such as 
depositors. Therefore, also in a non-bankruptcy scenario, in case of application of the bail-in tool, the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes might be written down to zero, or converted to equity, 
without the prior consent of the relevant Noteholders.  
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian Government. 
In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy (the "BRRD 
Implementing Decrees") were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 November 2015. 
Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, while Legislative Decree 
No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals principally with recovery plans, 
early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Implementing Decrees entered into force on 16

--- Page 17 ---
17 
November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) the "depositor preference" to 
deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and those of individuals and small and medium 
enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of debt 
instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable 
under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, including by 
suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to Article 44(2) of the 
BRRD.  
In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the General Bail-
In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain 
further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu 
ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes may be subject 
to write-down/conversion upon an application of the General Bail-In Tool while other Series of Senior Notes or, as 
appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from 
such application of the General Bail-In Tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders 
and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the 
incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool 
than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only 
that, in circumstances in which Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully written-down/converted 
into equity capital instruments on an application of the General Bail-In Tool, the claims of other holders of junior or pari 
passu liabilities may have been excluded from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and therefore the holders of 
such claims may receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of the relevant Notes, but 
also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of 
such fully or partially excluded claims because the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment 
but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a 
resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that deposits 
of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level contemplated by deposit 
guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal insolvency proceedings which is 
higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior 
Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending national insolvency 
regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred 
creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks 
and investment firms to liquidation proceedings (and therefore the hierarchy which will apply in order to assess claims 
pursuant to the safeguard provided for in Article 75 of the BRRD as described above), by providing that, as from 1 
January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals 
and small and medium sized enterprises will benefit from priority over senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking 
which is lower than that provided for deposits of individuals and small and medium sized enterprises exceeding the 
coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities 
in the form of large corporate and interbank deposits which under the national insolvency regime in force prior to such 
date in Italy ranked pari passu with Senior Preferred Notes, will rank higher than Senior Preferred Notes in normal 
insolvency proceedings and therefore that, on application of the General Bail-In Tool, such creditors will be written-
down/converted into equity capital instruments only after Senior Preferred Notes. Therefore, the safeguard set out in 
Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not provide any protection to specific Italian banks' counterparties 
since, as noted above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which 
are in excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") entered into force. The BRRD Amending 
Directive requires Member States to create a new class of the so-called “senior non-preferred” debt instruments which 
would rank just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being 
part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to meet MREL 
and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will only apply to new 
issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 
2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments.  
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of set-off 
normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an express 
agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, in circumstances 
where the waiver is selected (as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the Senior Preferred Notes will have expressly 
waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the

--- Page 18 ---
18 
laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set-
off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply.  
The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of unsecured debt 
in bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards banks' compliance with the TLAC 
standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in the Financial Stability Forum. In addition, by 
providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors and reducing the risk of legal challenges, these harmonised 
rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in resolution.  
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the revised 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Consolidated Banking Act 
and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been harmonised by the Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) lays down the minimum financial 
budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee 
schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and liabilities 
eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" - MREL). MREL represents one of the key tools to improve banks’ 
resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank’s capital position after 
resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors bear losses regardless of which 
resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting with the relevant competent authority, will set the 
MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment criteria identified by the EBA in its regulatory technical 
standards (RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on criteria for determining MREL requires 
resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write down or conversion of an amount of own funds 
and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, 
subject to certain considerations. The resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part of their 
MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but 
attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being 
part of the Banking Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") for banks being part of the Banking Union. 
The EBA has issued final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which resolution 
authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as further implemented by European Commission adopted Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below.  
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 supplementing 
BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate 
MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016. Article 8 of the 
aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate transitional period for the 
purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched a public consultation on its interim 
report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission presented the 
EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed amendments to the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed 
that the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio 
exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined by the resolution authorities at an amount to allow 
banks to absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed that 
resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution that 
are higher than those expected under a standard resolution scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in the 
entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement 
the competent resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the 
maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called "M-
MDA").  
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU Banking 
Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for the purpose of 
MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with the national resolution 
authorities ("NRAs"), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary approach consisted of informative 
targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its 
gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced binding requirements and started to address both quantity and 
quality of MREL with bank specific features. During 2017, the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to develop 
binding targets for major banking groups. Considering the need to address the specificities of the most complex groups 
in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution planning cycle in two waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow 
the banks that did not have binding targets – for instance those with no presence outside the Banking Union – to be 
addressed first based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 approach and published on 20 November 2018. For

--- Page 19 ---
19 
the second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 
January 2019.  
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking Package 
(CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an overall 
updated MREL Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May 2020, which covers: (a) 
MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) changes to the calibration of MREL, 
including introducing MREL based on the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the quality of MREL (subordination); (d) 
dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for resolution strategies, such as multiple point of 
entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications on third-country issuances; and (g) how these changes 
will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking Package in the 
2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the beginning of 2021. These 
decisions replaced those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new decision will set out two binding MREL 
targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and the fully 
calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024. 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single 
Resolution Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") and Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions 
and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV"), the following legislative texts 
have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
(i) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Capital 
Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V" 
and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms"); 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to 
collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) 
No 648/2012 ("CRR II");  
(iii) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the Bank 
Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
(iv) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms ("SRM II Regulation"), 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the "TLAC 
standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating to the specific 
MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption and 
recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions concerning the 
eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial performance 
of the BPER Group. 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early stage and 
new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any suspension of activities 
can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements (including any 
payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any 
suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the BPER 
Group, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its 
obligations under any such security. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a new 
review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). This public consultation 
was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, 
and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current Covid-19 crisis and framework 
and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available

--- Page 20 ---
20 
measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no 
creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II 
are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission launched a general public consultation on 
25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
BPER Group’s continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on its 
assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in which 
BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with new legal 
requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation may lead to the 
Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of the characteristics of its 
services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution mechanisms or facilities to comply with 
new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a negative impact on the Group’s business, 
performance and/or financial condition. 
Furthermore, on 20 April 2021, the Italian Parliament approved delegation law (Legge di delegazione europea) 2019-
2020 (the BRRD II Delegation Law), which provides for the implementation of Directive (EU) 2019/87 (the “BRRD II”) 
in Italy and sets forth, under Article 11, the principles for such implementation. However, the BRRD II Delegation Law 
does not contain specific provisions transposing Article 48(7) of BRRD II into Italian law, and it is therefore unclear 
how this provision will be implemented in Italy. According to Article 48(7) of BRRD II, a claim resulting from an Own 
Funds item shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an Own Funds item and if an instrument is only 
partly recognised as an Own Funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated as a claim resulting from an Own Funds 
item. In other jurisdictions in the EU, such transposition requires certain instruments which are fully disqualified as Own 
Funds items to be treated with an improved ranking compared to any claim that results from an Own Funds item (such 
as Subordinated Notes). Once Article 48(7) of BRRD II is implemented in Italy, if Subordinated Notes of the Issuer were 
to be disqualified entirely as Own Funds items in the future, their ranking could improve compared to Subordinated 
Notes which at the relevant time qualify as Own Funds items (in whole or in part) and, in the event of a liquidation or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims 
arise from liabilities that no longer fully or partially are recognized as an Own Funds instrument in full before it can 
make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. Furthermore, if the Subordinated Notes are fully disqualified as Own 
Funds items, such Notes could not be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-
viability even though they would continue to be subject to bail-in, and, in the event the Issuer were to receive 
extraordinary financial support in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD, the burden sharing 
requirements of such legislation. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory 
authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of systemic 
importance” in the Eurozone. In this respect, “banks of systemic importance” include any Eurozone bank that (i) has 
assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 20% of national 
gross domestic product; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has 
requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability 
Mechanism; and (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries 
in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with national competent 
authorities or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to ensure the 
consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. The Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central 
Bank of 16 April 2014 established the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between 
the European Central Bank and national competent authorities and with national designated authorities (the "SSM 
Framework Regulation"). 
The relevant national competent authorities for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation 
continue to have supervisory responsibilities not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, money laundering, 
payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB, on the other hand, is exclusively 
responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit institutions, which includes, inter alia, the power 
to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit institutions in the Eurozone and in the Member States 
participating to the SSM; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; (iii) ensure compliance with all 
prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements 
for certain banks to protect financial stability under the conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with

--- Page 21 ---
21 
robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early 
stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities.  
The BPER Group is one of the major European banks supervised directly by the ECB. The ECB is required under the 
SSM Regulation to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) at least on an annual basis. The 
SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and mechanisms 
to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital proportionate to their risk profile, as well as robust 
governance and internal control arrangements. The key aim of SREP is to make sure that institutions have adequate 
arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to allow for sound management and coverage of the risks to which they are 
or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing and risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, on 22 February 2019 the EBA 
published a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States (the "EBA Supervisory Handbook"). The 
adoption of the EBA Supervisory Handbook relies on Article 29(2) of Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 establishing the 
EBA. Whilst it is not binding nor subject to comply/explain by the resolution authorities, the EBA Supervisory Handbook 
is an instrument to promote convergence of approaches, practices and processes. 
On 12 March 2020 in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak the ECB announced measures expected to provide capital relief 
to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily below the level of 
capital defined by Pillar 2 guidance, the "capital conservation buffer" and the liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and (ii) 
bring forward the use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital (for example Additional Tier 1 
instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to meet Pillar 2 requirements. 
There can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP and whether this will impose further additional own funds 
requirements (or guidance) on the Issuer. The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, restrictions on liquidity 
and increase in any of the liquidity coverage, net stable funding, leverage and other ratio requirements could adversely 
affect the Issuer's financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM" and 
"SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning the 
preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") with national resolution 
authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists of 
the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission and the 
Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the ECB and the 
national resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national compartments 
during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 banks started to pay 
contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting from 2016 (and are 
additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes).  
The Fund will be gradually built up during the first eight years (2016-2023) and is intended to reach the target level of 
at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union by 31 December 
2023. The Fund shall not be used to absorb the losses of an institution or to recapitalize an institution. 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority –the 
Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part of the 
Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the negative 
feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in resolution; and (c) 
giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking Union ones, due to the 
availability of a larger resolution fund.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the SRM will 
affect the Group. 
MiFID II/R implementation 
The Directive 2014/65/EU on the markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II") and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments, as it also forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018, ("MiFIR" and together with MiFID II, "MiFID II/R") repealed and recast the Directive 2004/39/EC 
("MiFID"). Together MiFID II/R form the legal framework governing the requirements applicable to investment firms, 
trading venues, data reporting service providers and third-country firms providing investment services in the EU. MiFID 
II/R, entered into force on 2 July 2014. Member States were required to adopt and publish by 3 July 2017 the measures 
transposing the MiFID II Directive into national law and apply those provisions (with some exceptions) from 3 January 
2018. 
MiFID II/R amends existing provisions on authorisation, conduct of business and organizational requirements for 
providers of investment services. These rules aim at strengthening the protection of investors, through the introduction 
of new requirements on product governance, independent investment advice and cross-selling, the extension of existing 
rules to structured deposits and the improvement of requirements in several areas, including on the responsibility of 
management bodies, inducements, information and reporting to clients, remuneration of staff and best execution. It 
establishes, inter alia, uniform requirements in relation to disclosure of trade data to the public, reporting of transactions 
to the competent authorities, trading of derivatives on organised venues, benchmarks and intervention powers of 
competent authorities, ESMA and EBA.  
MiFID II/R brings much of the transparency traditional in equity markets to bond trading. MiFID II/R’s regulatory regime 
brings into effect pre-trade transparency for bonds as well as post-trade. This will result in a significant impact on the 
market structure of bond markets. Bond pre-trade and post-trade transparency requirements will be calibrated for 
different types of bond market trading structures such as order-book, quote-driven, hybrid and periodic auction trading 
systems. In order to calibrate bonds correctly for MiFID II/R transparency obligations, IT systems have had to be 
enhanced, developed or built from scratch - a major undertaking for the industry. Banks, regulators and investors are 
dependent on data collected to meet MiFID II/R’s commitments. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/445  
The ECB has repeatedly declared its intention to harmonize the options and national discretions that are embedded in the 
EU Banking Reform. In this respect, ECB has adopted the Regulation (EU) 2016/445 of 14 March 2016 on the exercise 
of options and discretions available in EU law ("OD Regulation"). The OD Regulation specifies certain of the options 
and discretions conferred on competent authorities under EU law concerning prudential requirements for credit 
institutions that the ECB is exercising. It shall apply exclusively with regard to those credit institutions classified as 
“significant” in accordance with Article 6(4) of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 147(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. The OD Regulation entered into force on 1 October 2016, with Article 13 applicable from 
1 January 2019. From the OD Regulation, while taking due account of the principle of proportionality, the ECB has 
identified certain options and discretions which should be exercised in the same way by national competent authorities 
in the supervision of less significant institutions. To this end, in April 2017, the ECB published a guideline on the exercise 
of the options and discretions available in the EU law for less significant institutions. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes related, for 
example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the financial products and 
services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and labour/employment lawsuits. Accordingly, the 
Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax proceedings as well as judicial and regulatory investigations 
relating to its activities as part of the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which cannot be predicted. 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective financial 
statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such provisions to be 
insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results 
of operations of the BPER Group. 
 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer  
Operational risk

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, damages 
in internal processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is highly dependent to 
perform its business activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not limited to the risk of fraud by 
employees and third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting 
from faulty information technology, telecommunication systems, IT virus, cyber attacks or malfunction of electronic 
and/or communication services.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed responsibilities, 
which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an annual review of the 
analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of organisational changes that 
have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, all refinements needed to address 
the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. For the measure of the operational risk, the Group adopted the 
Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any failure or weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect the 
Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from an 
adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or Supervisory 
Authorities with which the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage and 
mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures that need to 
be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following components: 
identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to reputational risk, management of 
particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation process and the determination of short and 
long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its risk 
exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails to identify 
or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures are 
inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any failure to execute the 
Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect the Group’s business 
activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by other 
institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a result of credit, 
trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as "systemic risk" and 
may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and 
exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started a first covered bond programme (the "First 
Covered Bond Programme") on a residential mortgage loan cover pool and a second covered bond programme (the 
"Second Covered Bond Programme"), structured on a conditional pass-through basis, on a residential and commercial 
mortgage cover pool. Risks related to such financial structured instruments are connected to the capacity of BPER to 
maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools assigned as guarantees and the covered bonds issued 
under both the First Covered Bond Programme and the Second Covered Bond Programme. Should a combination of a 
sharp decrease of the residential or commercial mortgage loan production and an appreciable increase of the prepayment 
rate occur, such circumstance could affect BPER's capacity to ensure a suitable claim substitution according to either the 
First Covered Bond Programme or the Second Covered Bond Programme provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the First Covered Bond Programme or the Second Covered 
Bond Programme could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
 
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic and 
political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer 
operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted.

--- Page 24 ---
24 
Climate change risks 
Climate change can create (i) transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, 
regulatory and technological changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability; and 
(iii) derivative risks, which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may 
seek compensation from those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result in financial losses that could impair 
asset values and the creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER Group, adversely impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely affect 
BPER Group: 
 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business 
models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced corporate 
earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 
 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity prices, 
corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather events could 
affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, employment and 
inflation. 
 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations both of 
customers and the Group's.  
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and scrutiny from 
other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and 
results of operations of the Group. 
Risks related to the Notes 
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
 The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors; 
 Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
 Risks related to Notes generally; and 
 Risks related to the market generally. 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investement for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. 
In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of 
investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any 
applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall investment 
portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices and 
financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, interest 
rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase complex 
financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk 
or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential 
investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or 
with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the 
value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the Republic of Italy. 
Furthermore, the Notes will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any legislation that is or will be passed to 
address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including government guarantees or similar measures. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which contain 
particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common features. 
Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of senior debt 
(including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and meet its obligations to all 
its other creditors ranking senior to the holders of the Subordinated Notes (including unsecured creditors) in full before 
it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining 
after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not subordinated, there 
is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent. In addition, in case of application of the bail-in tool as well as of the Non-Viability Loss Absorption provided 
by the BRRD, the Subordinated Notes might be written down, including to zero, or converted to equity. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes include provisions, a number of which are mandated by Bank of Italy or any 
European supervisory authority regulations, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes. 
The provisions with respect to all Subordinated Notes, including the terms of their subordination, the limited number of 
events of default and the limited right of the Noteholders to accelerate such Notes, are described in the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes" below. Prospective investors in Subordinated Notes should therefore read the relevant 
provisions of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" carefully before making any investment decision.  
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should qualify on issue as 
"Tier II Capital", for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy regulations.  Current regulatory practice by the Bank 
of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the 
Notes will be treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated Notes will continue to qualify as 
"Tier II Capital" during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of further 
EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify (in whole 
or in part), as "Tier II Capital", the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the 
Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes, and Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Bank of Italy.  
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. 
Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if 
the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth 
in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes, and Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may 
be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Subordinated Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act"), in the event an issuer of senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of 
payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such 
senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders.  
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that:

--- Page 26 ---
26 
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act shall apply 
to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) 
and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not comply with any of the above 
requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of the entire agreement; 
 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any different contractual provision 
is null and void; and  
 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the issuance 
and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 
91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act were recently enacted and that, as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or 
governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that a regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the future by 
the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also 
qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes, and Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing senior debt and Senior Preferred Notes in the event that the Issuer 
is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and 
other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and are more fully described in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes and in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes. In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer  under each Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, but 
(B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and 
(C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any 
holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred Notes which 
are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa). Thus, such holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes face an increased performance risk compared to 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer is 
liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated 
to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of the Issuer and any other creditors that are senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and other creditors ranking ahead 
of the claims of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the Issuer in connection with the principal 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary 
for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may 
have against the Issuer. 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 27 ---
27 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. Current 
regulatory practice of the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide for) a 
confirmation to be given prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito chirografario 
di secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined 
in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes) there can be no assurance that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will so qualify upon issue and 
will continue to so qualify during their life. Upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, the Issuer 
will have the right to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. Any 
redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Condition 4(k) (Conditions 
to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and of Condition 4(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes.   
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount 
corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. Potential investors 
should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the 
right to redeem any Senior Non-Preferred Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set 
forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Non-
Preferred Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment for certain 
investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should determine the suitability of such investment 
in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal amount of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge 
and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform 
under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact 
of this investment on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new type of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the so-called "Legge di Bilancio 2018" and its entry into force, the Italian issuers were not able 
to issue senior non-preferred securities. Accordingly, there is no trading history for securities with such ranking. Market 
participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated with senior non-
preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly 
volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of 
senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at 
the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments 
in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Upon issue, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such credit rating may 
be lower than the Issuer’s credit rating, since it reflects the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer’s insolvency.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more credit rating agencies close to the level of 
subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price volatility than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating agencies, of 
the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure following the issuance of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Furthermore, credit rating agencies may seek to rate any Senior Non-Preferred Notes on an "unsolicited" basis and, if 
such "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non-Preferred Notes on a 
"solicited" basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)  
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the Subordinated Notes may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), (i) upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms 
and Contions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of 
the Terms and Contions for the Italian Law Notes) with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the 
case may be, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify 
(in whole or in part) as “Tier II Capital” on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date 
of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal 
or regulatory provisions (including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union). 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being redeemed and may only 
be able to do so at a significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed 
may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, 
if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth 
in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the English 
Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for 
the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than 
the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer may 
elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will 
not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At 
those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time.  
In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the 
previsions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed 
may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any withholding or 
deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any

--- Page 29 ---
29 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the 
Conditions.  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate and, 
in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding 
to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any 
Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the conditions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in 
any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to 
the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Variation or substitution following the Tax Event or Regulatory Event  
In relation to any Series of Notes, if Modification following Tax Event or (in relation to Subordinated Notes only) 
Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of Tax 
Event or Regulatory Event, substitute or modify the terms and conditions (in each case of all but not some only) of such 
Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Securities, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification or substitution is reasonably necessary to ensure that no 
Tax Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such modification or substitution, provided that the relevant conditions 
set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes are satisfied. See also “Variation or substitution following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” 
risk factor related to the Senior Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Notes are varied, Noteholders may, as a result, 
among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be borne by the 
Noteholders. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate or SONIA, which determine the 
amount of interest payable (a "Relevant Factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
 
they may receive no interest; 
 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in interest rates, 
currencies or other indices; 
 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains any 
other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on interest payable is likely to be magnified; 
and 
 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average level is 
consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, in accordance with the 
provisions applicable to the Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes Conditions") and/or the Subordinated Notes (the 
"Subordinated Notes Conditions") (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the 
Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. 
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, 
the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate 
to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will initially 
bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the 
First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) 
thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such 
interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could 
be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect 
the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during the tenor of the 
Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to fluctuate 
more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, 
the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional 
interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Senior Notes eligibility for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL requirements and, to the extent 
applicable to the Issuer, TLAC requirements (together, the "MREL/TLAC Requirements") (as defined in Condition 
4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and 
in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law 
Notes). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements, and 
the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or remain eligible for the purposes of the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
The MREL/TLAC Requirements do not currently require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance 
of Senior Notes that such Notes will qualify as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities (subject to prescribed limits, if any, on 
the quantum of Senior Notes which may be included in the Issuer’s MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities) on issue. Although 
it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Notes may qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of meeting the 
Issuer’s MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may be subject to limits as to the quantum of Senior Notes which may 
be included in its MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities and, in any case, there can be no representation that the Senior Notes 
of any Series are or will remain MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities during the life of such Series of Senior Notes. If they 
are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations 
implementing the MREL/TLAC requirements), then an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will occur, with the 
consequences indicated in the risk factor below and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
- Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). 
Variation or substitution following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event  
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes, if Modification following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event, substitute (all but not some only) of such Senior Notes or modify the terms and conditions of all (but not some 
only) of such notes so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the 
extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist 
after such modification, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are satisfied.  
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, Noteholders may, as a 
result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be borne by the 
Noteholder. 
Waiver of set-off 
If waiver of set-off rights is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each holder of a Senior Preferred Note 
will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which 
it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
As specified in Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) 
(Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, each holder of a Senior Non-
Preferred Note and of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note and Subordinated Note.  
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing Law; 
Submission to Jurisdiction)  of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and non-
contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 
59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the “Italian Private International Law”) provides that “other debt securities (titoli 
di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued”. The Temporary Global Notes or the 
Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes 
are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as 
Principal Paying Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary 
Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes.  
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective investors 
in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian 
Law Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the relevant applicable 
European legislation. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer may act as Calculation Agent or appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of Notes 
under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of a financial group that is involved, 
in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. 
Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage 
conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index 
or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the 
Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did 
not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In addition, 
pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, certain changes may be 
made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Conditions, 
and pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) and Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; Modification; 
Waiver) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes, the Trustee shall agree with the Issuer such modification 
to the English Law Notes as may be required to give effect to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of England and Italy in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws or administrative 
practice of England or Italy after the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross up 
payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly adversely 
affect their return on the Notes. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to provisions of law commonly known as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), the 
Issuer and other non-U.S. financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be required to 
withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all, or a portion of, “foreign passthru payments”. According to Proposed 
U.S. Treasury Regulations, such withholding should begin no earlier than 2 years after the date of publication of final 
U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru payments. Such withholding may have to be made in 
respect of such foreign passthru payments on (i) any Notes characterized as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized 
as equity) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued or materially modified after the date that is six months after the 
date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” and (ii) any Notes 
characterized as equity for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued.  
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an intergovernmental 
agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 ("IGA"), ratified by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, published 
in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015. The Issuer is now required to report certain information 
in relation to its U.S. account holders to the Italian tax authorities in order (i) to obtain an exemption from FATCA 
withholding on certain payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with any applicable Italian law. However, it is not yet 
certain how the United States and Italy will address withholding on “foreign passthru payments” (which may include 
payments on the Notes) or if such withholding will be required at all. 
This withholding tax may be triggered on payments on the Notes where the Issuer or the Paying Agent is a foreign 
financial institution ("FFI") that is required to withhold on "foreign passthru payments", that it makes to a "recalcitrant 
account holder" or another FFI that is neither a "participating FFI" nor a "deemed-compliant FFI" (as such terms are 
defined in FATCA, including any accompanying U.S. regulations or guidance). The IGA may modify such withholding 
tax requirements.  
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other payments 
on the Notes as a result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other person would be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive amounts that are less 
than expected. An investor who is able to claim the benefits of an income tax treaty between its own jurisdiction and the 
United States may be entitled to a refund of amounts withheld pursuant to the FATCA rules, though the investor would 
have to file a U.S. tax return to claim this refund and would not be entitled to interest from the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Service ("IRS") for the period prior to the refund. 
However, whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the ICSDs, in all but the most remote circumstances, it is 
expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by the Issuer, 
any paying agent and the common depositary and common safekeeper, given that each of the entities in the payment 
chain between the Issuer and the participants in the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose business is dependent 
on compliance with FATCA. Further, FFIs in a jurisdiction that has entered into an IGA with the United States are 
generally not expected to be subject to being withheld upon under FATCA or an IGA unless such FFI is treated as a 
nonparticipating FFI. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive 
form and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder 
could be subject to FATCA withholding. However, definitive Notes will only be printed in remote circumstances.  
FATCA withholding, if ever required, may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the payment chain 
leading to the Issuer, or the ultimate investor, if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. FATCA withholding may also affect payment to any ultimate investor that is an 
FFI that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate investor that fails to provide 
its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with any information, forms, other 
documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free of FATCA withholding. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and to understand 
how FATCA might affect each Noteholder in its specific circumstances.  
Future discontinuance of EURIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or Reset Rate Notes 
which reference EURIBOR 
On 5 March 2021, the FCA has definitively confirmed that LIBOR will be discontinued by the end of 2021 for almost 
all of the currencies and tenors. Against this context, SONIA (the Sterling Overnight Index Average) has been developed 
as an alternative to Sterling LIBOR while the Federal Reserve’s Alternative Reference Rates Committee has 
recommended SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) as the US replacement benchmark for LIBOR. Separate

--- Page 33 ---
33 
workstreams have been progressed in Europe to reform EURIBOR using a hybrid methodology and to provide fallback 
by reference to a euro risk-free rate (based on a euro overnight riskfree rate as adjusted by a methodology to create a 
term rate). On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended Euro Short-term Rate 
(“€STR”) as the new risk-free rate. €STR was published by the European Central Bank on 2 October 2019. In addition, 
on 21 January 2019, the euro risk-free rate working group published a set of guiding principles for fallback provisions 
in new euro denominated cash products (including bonds). The guiding principles indicate, among other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with 
the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the Euro area. On 6 November 2019 the euro risk 
free-rate working group published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, 
amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding 
principles indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 1 July 2020, the Financial Stability Board published a statement on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on global 
benchmark reform. The statement confirms that the view remains that firms across all jurisdictions should continue to 
ensure that their transition programmes enable them to transition to LIBOR alternatives before the end of 2021, although 
it acknowledges that that some aspects of firms' transition plans are likely to be temporarily disrupted or delayed by the 
pandemic. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated entirely, or there 
could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The disappearance of a "benchmark" or changes in the manner of 
administration of a "benchmark" could require or result in adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as described in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) or result 
in adverse consequences to holders of any securities linked to such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate 
Notes or Reset Notes whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). 
Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates 
and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant 
Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement rate for any benchmark, if the 
replacement of the benchmark with the replacement rate would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event or (in 
the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Regulatory Event, the rate of interest will not be changed, but will instead be 
fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the benchmark. This could occur if, for example, the switch to the 
replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would be inconsistent with the relevant 
requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. While this mechanism will ensure that the Notes 
will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based redemption, it will result in the Notes being effectively 
converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, 
in a rising interest rate environment, holders of such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value 
of the Notes could as a consequence be adversely affected. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as EURIBOR, 
(including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service)) becomes unavailable, 
including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a reference bond rate, a successor rate or an 
alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order 
to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as 
applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of 
a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could 
affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks imposed 
by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment decision with 
respect to the Notes linked to a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to 
holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference rate for 
Floating Rate Notes  
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates, such as the Sterling Overnight 
Index Average (“SONIA”) as a reference rate in the capital markets and its adoption an alternative to Sterling LIBOR. 
In particular, market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on risk free 
rates, including term SONIA reference rates (which seek to measure the market’s forward expectation of an average 
SONIA rate over a designated term). The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates 
that differs (also significantly) from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference 
rate under the Programme. Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference such 
risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Furthermore, if the Notes 
become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined immediately prior to the 
date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Furthermore, with respect to SONIA linked 
Notes, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA linked Notes issued by it under the Programme. The nascent development of 
Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of 
SONIA-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity 
or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the 
Programme from time to time. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with 
respect to any such Floating Rate Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue 
SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other 
changes that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is 
calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the 
publication of SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). The 
administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising 
or discontinuing SONIA. 
Euroclear and Clearstream transfers, payments and communications procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes will be deposited 
with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Notes, investors will not be entitled to receive definitive 
Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests 
only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the 
Notes by making payments to the common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must 
rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes. The 
Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in 
the global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. 
Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" or "Sustainability Bond" 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s intention to 
apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote "green" purposes 
("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Projects"), "social" purposes ("Social Bonds" and "Eligible Social Projects") or

--- Page 35 ---
35 
a combination of "green" and "social" purposes ("Sustainability Bonds" and "Eligible Sustainability Projects" and, 
together with the Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects, the "Eligible Projects").  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of Proceeds"  and in the 
applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green”, in the 
case of Green Bonds, “social”, in the case of Social Bonds, or “sustainable”, in the case of Sustainability Bonds, or be 
given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. 
The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through voluntary measures, such as by complying with 
the relevant set of principles published by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA"), notably green bond 
principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social bond principles (the "Social Bond Principles") and sustainability bond 
guidelines (the "Sustainability Bond Guidelines", and together with the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond 
Principles, the " Principles"), or by obtaining an external review.  
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through transparency, 
disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible Projects and give other 
guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or Sustainability Bond. However, given 
a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of current market views and the ongoing 
development in the understanding of environmental and social issues and their consequences, a degree of uncertainty 
with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", "social" or "sustainability", and as s result which bonds 
qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be inevitable. 
On 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation to 
establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the "EU Taxonomy"). On 9 March 2020, the European 
Union Technical Expert Group published its final report on the EU Taxonomy containing recommendations relating to 
the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation guidance on how companies and 
financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in relation to a future European standard for 
green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). 
On 15 April 2020, the Council adopted by written procedure its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy 
Regulation. The European Parliament will have to vote on the text pursuant to the "early second reading agreement" 
procedure. On 12 June 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green 
Bond Standard. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission presented its proposal for a Regulation to introduce the EU 
Green Bond Standard. Furthermore, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate 
sustainable investment of 18 June 2020, the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation Delegated Acts for climate 
change mitigation and adaptation adopted by the European Commission on 21 April 2021 and the Delegated Act 
supplementing Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy Regulation (together, the “EU Taxonomy Regulation”) have been 
recently enacted and other relevant technical criteria are still being published.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that, in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, 
the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion 
confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the Principles 
and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-
party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors 
discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an 
amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. A 
Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the Second-party 
Opinion may affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable assets. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
 
the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future 
investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor 
or its investments are required to comply in accordance with any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of any Eligible Projects);

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “environmental”, 
“social” or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set out under 
the EU Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur 
during the implementation of any Eligible Projects. Moreover, where adverse impacts are insufficiently 
mitigated, the relevant Eligible Project may become controversial and may generate negative market opinion;  
 
 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any external reviews (whether or not solicited 
by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in 
particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, social and/or sustainability criteria. For the 
avoidance of doubt, any suchexternal reviews, when made, shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or 
form part of this Base Prospectus norshall be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any 
other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such external review shall only be current as of its date. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such review and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such review for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, 
only some of the providers of such external reviews are subject to existing professional standards (professional 
accountants) and/or subject to regulatory regimes (regulated credit rating agencies), with the rest of the providers 
not being subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" or 
other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission satisfies, 
whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria 
or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in 
particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability impact of a relevant  Eligible 
Project. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes 
or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
With reference to any Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that the proceeds will be used to finance 
or refinance Eligible Projects, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any Notes in such a 
manner, there can be no assurance that the relevant projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed 
for the specified Green, Social or Sustainability Projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will 
be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the 
environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuers will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuers; (ii) constitute 
an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuers in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any 
Notes; (iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital 
or 
as 
eligible 
liabilities 
instruments 
(as 
applicable); 
(v) 
have 
any 
impact 
on the status of the Notes as indicated in Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in 
Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be) or (vi) prevent the 
applicability of the Bail-in Power. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer from its capital and other 
assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against 
such assets. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the application of CRR 
eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as  such, proceeds from 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses 
in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. 
Any failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any 
opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Notes no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible

--- Page 37 ---
37 
Projects, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be 
used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Projects to fulfil environmental and sustainability 
criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any 
verification of whether the Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Bonds meet the eligibility criteria, or the 
monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s framework once available on its website for 
information and should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should be based upon such investigation as they deem necessary. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes. If a market does develop, it may not be 
very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may be traded at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial conditions of the Issuer. This is particularly 
the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of 
investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than 
conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes, although 
application has been made to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks relating to 
currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may change 
significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An 
appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the 
Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely 
affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal. 
Rating 
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings to the 
Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional 
factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the standing of the Issuer. 
A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or 
withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable credit rating could adversely affect 
the trading price of the Notes. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate paid 
on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its 
import. 
Certification of the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to Article 154-bis, 
paragraph 2 of Consolidated Finance Act.  
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports, Marco Bonfatti, declares in accordance with Article 
154-bis, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Finance Act, that the accounting data contained in this Base Prospectus agrees 
with the underlying documents, books of accounting entries.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have previously 
been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents shall be incorporated 
by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is 
incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof that can be obtained at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-6f1b-
4812-4a03-38866f41e523?version=1.1&t=1612867834684&download=true  
2. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2021.pdf/7405e06c-47f3-b30f-2bf3-
cf209ef777d8?version=1.2&t=1635163443876&download=true 
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/CONSOLIDATED+INTERIM+REPORT+ON+
OPERATIONS+AS+AT+31+MARCH+2021.pdf/ebacf890-3456-1b0a-0ef9-
d12051e71acb?version=1.2&t=1635163555601&download=true  
4. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that can be obtained 
at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Annual+Report+2020.pdf/f0e85ff0-18fa-9be9-
ba0e-39f5740daea8?version=1.2&t=1635163733957&download=true  
5. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2020.pdf/e9e0cae3-4670-7f7e-94b8-
c211dc7423c4?version=1.2&t=1635195751702&download=true   
6. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can be obtained 
at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Annual+Report+2019.pdf/b8a138e9-9368-0fc5-
c209-63c59d4a7ad1?version=1.1&t=1635202025756&download=true 
7. 
Issuer’s Green Bond and Social Bond Framework entitled “Build up a new bank!”, that can be obtained at the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1240190269/Build+up+a+new+bank%21.pdf/869c9f82-
3a07-0b5d-7052-252950de8a61?version=1.1&t=1635258453031&download=true  
8. 
BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2021”, that can be obtained at the webpage:

--- Page 40 ---
40 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/0/21.11.05_BPER_9M21_results+l.pdf/3a2bed1d-3219-a83a-
6e51-4aebf45e9544?t=1636130873969  
The Issuer confirms that the results as at 31 December 2020 referred to in the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2020 have been compiled on the basis of the established financial reporting process 
of the Issuer using the same accounting principles, criteria and assumptions as have been used in the consolidated annual 
reports of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2019.  
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto); (ii) Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021; (iv) the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; (v) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report 
(including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; (vi) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, 
including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended 
on 31 December 2019, (vii) the Issuer’s Green Bond and Social Bond Framework entitled “Build up a new bank!”, and 
(viii) the BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2021”. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus.  
 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as 
at 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 91 to 92 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 93 to 94 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 97 to 98 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 99 to 261 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Pages 267 to 268 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim 
report on operations (without a review 
report) as at 31 March 2021

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 67 to 68 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 69 to 70 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 71 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 72 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 73 to 174 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 105 to 106 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 107 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 108 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 109 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 113 to 469 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 475 to 487 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as 
at 30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 103 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 104 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 105 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 107 to 108

--- Page 42 ---
42 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 109 to 245 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Page 251 (reference 
is to the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 112 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 113 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 114 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 115 to 116 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 117 to 466 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 471 to 480 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s Green Bond and Social Bond 
Framework entitled “Build up a new 
bank!” 
Entire document  
All 
BPER Group press release dated 5 
November 2021 entitled “Consolidated 
interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2021” 
Entire document 
All 
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified several 
alternative performance measures (“APM”). The management believes that these APMs provide useful information for 
investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the 
identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains alternative 
performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets Authority's Guidelines on Alternative 
Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and 
operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to performance 
ratios data as at 30 June 2021, 31 March 2021, 31 December 2020, 30 June 2020, 31 December 2019.  
It should be noted that:

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of the 
future performance;  
(ii) 
the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of 
BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) 
the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance with 
IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021, the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020 and the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019;  
(v) 
since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER Group 
may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance should not be 
placed on these data; 
(vi) 
the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included.  
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as not incorporated by reference and 
is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus.  
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Regulation 2019/980.  
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021 has been subject 
to limited review by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as independent auditor of the Issuer, as 
indicated in its report thereon.  
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 have been 
audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in its reports thereon.  
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial statements 
prepared for and used in Italy, and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. The Issuer takes 
responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, whereas 
the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditor of the Issuer, Deloitte.  
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the in this Base 
Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.  
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued by 
the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained at the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus which, in 
respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as required by the above mentioned Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s 
regulated market of the Notes, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration 
of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information contained in 
this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from 
this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets 
and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the 
Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement 
hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following overview of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the sections headed 
"Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" or, as the case may be, "Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview of key features of the 
Programme. 
 
 
Issuer: 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Bank" or the "Issuer") 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on 4 November 2022)  
 
 
Lead Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
 
Dealers : 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP Paribas 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Global Market Europe A.G. 
 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Deutsche Bank AG, Frankfurt 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan AG 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
(together, the "Dealers") 
 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch  
 
Trustee (for the English Law 
Notes): 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
 
Programme Amount: 
The aggregate nominal amount outstanding in respect of Notes under the 
Programme at any time shall not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  The Issuer may

--- Page 46 ---
46 
increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions 
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in such 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer, the relevant Dealer(s) and, 
in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes may have any Maturity Period subject to compliance with all 
relevant legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
 
Where Senior Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year and 
either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes 
must:  (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary activities 
include acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued 
in other circumstances which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 
(the general prohibition) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of 
twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Relevant Authority, and may be redeemable only subject to the 
prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy, when required; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five 
years, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations, and 
may be redeemable only subject to Relevant Authority prior 
authorisation, when required. 
 
Denomination:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Notes (other than the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) will be no less than Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), while Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the Programme 
will have a denomination of at least Euro 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency).  
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes of a Tranche will be in bearer form and will initially be 
represented by a Temporary Global Note. Each global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or 
"CGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a common depositary for Euroclear and

--- Page 47 ---
47 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and each global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or 
around the relevant Issue Date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Each Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable, upon request, as described therein for either a Permanent 
Global Note or definitive Notes in accordance with the provisions set out in 
the relevant Temporary Global Note and in each case not earlier than 40 days 
after the Issue Date upon certification of non-US beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury Regulations.  A Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Notes in accordance with 
its terms. Any interest in a global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system as 
appropriate. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or interest may initially accrue at a 
fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue 
at a floating rate and then switch to a fixed rate. The method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such date or dates as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) and on redemption. 
 
 
Interest will be calculated on such basis as may be agreed as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued in a 
manner which qualifies such Notes as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of 
interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
Terms by reference to a Mid-Market Swap Rate, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined by reference to 
one of the following:  
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as 
amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series); or 
 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate (which, in the case of CMS Linked 
Interest Notes, will be the CMS Rate) appearing on an agreed screen 
page of a commercial quotation service, 
 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes, including 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA 
Linked Interest) may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes) in respect of each Interest Period, as selected

--- Page 48 ---
48 
prior to the issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will be payable on 
the Interest Payment Dates specified in, or determined pursuant to, the 
applicable Final Terms and will be calculated on the basis indicated in 
Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rates Notes, including CMS Linked 
Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rates Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA 
Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes 
and the applicable Final Terms.  
Fixed-Floating and Floating-
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with the 
Fixed Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For so long as: 
(i) 
it is required under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, any redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Senior Preferred Notes in accordance 
with the Senior Notes Conditions is subject to the Issuer giving notice 
to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority and/or under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Senior Notes Conditions is subject to the 
Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant 
Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with the Subordinated Notes Conditions is subject to the Issuer giving 
notice to the Relevant Authority and such Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in 
each case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations including Articles 77and 78 of CRR 
or, if different, the then Applicable Banking Regulations), in 
compliance with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to 
redemption or purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant 
Applicable Banking Regulations for the time being. 
 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final Terms issued in 
respect of each issue of Notes will state whether the relevant Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption and subject to all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements. 
If the Notes are:

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall be 
subject to the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when 
required; 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted by Articles 
12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall not 
be earlier than twelve months after the Issue Date, subject to the prior 
authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when required; and 
(iii) Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives, and/or the Relevant Authority’s requirements 
applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes, the Optional 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than five years after the Issue 
Date, subject to the Relevant Authority prior authorisation when 
required.  
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole 
but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note): (i) in case of the 
Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - 
Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), and (ii) in case of 
Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in 
part) as "Tier II Capital", on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a 
result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
in any case in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Variation or substitution 
following Tax Event, Regulatory 
Event or MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event 
In relation to the Notes of any Series, if Modification following Tax Event 
or (in relation to Subordinated Notes only) Regulatory Event is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the 
occurrence of Tax Event or Regulatory Event, substitute or modify the terms 
and conditions (in each case all but not some only) of such Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Securities, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that 
such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax Event or 
Regulatory Event would exist after such modification, provided that the 
relevant conditions set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are satisfied. 
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes (only), if Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, substitute (all but not some only) of 
such Senior Notes or modify the terms and conditions of all (but not some 
only) of such Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate become, 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such 
modification, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 
11 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes are satisfied. 
Taxation: 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Italy unless 
the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to 
Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law 
Notes and Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian 
Law Notes) pay such additional amounts in respect of principal and interest 
in the case of Senior Notes (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements) 
and interest only in the case of Subordinated Notes as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have received in respect 
of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer on a senior preferred basis (the "Senior 
Preferred Notes") or a senior non-preferred basis (the "Senior Non-
Preferred Notes", and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior 
Notes") and on a subordinated basis (the "Subordinated Notes"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any 
obligations preferred by any applicable law)  at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, 
including Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. (as set out in Condition 
2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes)  
(ii) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all 
times pari passu and without any preference among themselves (as set out 
in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes). 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and the relative coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of 
payment: (A) after any present or future unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective 
coupons) of the Issuer, including the claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities 
within 
the 
meaning 
of 
Article 
72a(2) 
of 
the 
CRR, but (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future 
unsubordinated and non referred obligations of the Issuer which do not rank 
or are not expressed by their terms or mandatory provisions of law to rank 
junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (C) in 
priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) 
and the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in 
accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of 
the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(iii) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves (as set out  in Condition 2(d) (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and in Condition 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes). 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding up or bankruptcy 
(including, 
inter 
alia, 
Liquidazione 
Coatta 
Amministrativa, 
Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione Volontaria (the latter as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of the 
Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes 
and the related Coupons and Vouchers shall rank in right of payment (A) 
after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, including any obligation required to be 
preferred by law (B) but at least pari passu with all other present and future 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed 
by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, 
and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders 
of the Issuer. 
Negative pledge: 
The Notes will not contain any negative pledge provision. 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will not contain any cross-default provision.  
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to each issue. Unlisted Notes may also be 
issued under the Programme. The Final Terms relating to each relevant 
Notes will state whether or not such Notes are to be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation and, if so, by which listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the English Law Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for (A) with respect to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 4(a) (At Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes, which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law, and (B) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, Conditions 
2(d)(Status of Subordinated Notes), 4(a) (At Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes, which are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. Furthermore, Condition 18 (Acknowledgment 
of Statutory Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, 
Italian law.   
The Italian Law Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Italian Law Notes will be governed by, and construed 
in accordance with, Italian law 
 
Ratings: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as any 
rating applicable to the Programme. Details of the rating, if any, attributable 
to a Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating

--- Page 52 ---
52 
is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency.  
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series 
of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "CRA Regulation"), or (2) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the "UK CRA 
Regulation") but is endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established 
in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (3) 
issued by a credit rating agency which is not established in the European 
Union but which is certified under the CRA Regulation, will be disclosed in 
the Final Terms. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the 11 EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is obliged to 
maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation, which may be found on the 
following page: 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/creditrating-agencies/risk. 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain selling restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States, the 
United Kingdom, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland, the European Economic 
Area, Republic of Italy, Japan and France, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented initially by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global Note") in bearer 
form without vouchers, interest coupons or talons. Each Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be delivered to a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use of EU 
securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), 
provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes 
in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in 
global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible 
as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The applicable Final Terms will also specify either that the United States Treasury Regulation §1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, 
that the TEFRA D Rules are not applicable. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) due prior to the 
Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary 
Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to 
the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary Global Note are not US persons or persons who have 
purchased for resale to any US person, as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification 
(based on the certifications it has received) to the Agent.  Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, the Agent and, in the case of English Law Notes, the 
Trustee. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes, 
interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable upon request as described therein either for interests in a 
permanent global note ("Permanent Global Note") without vouchers, interest coupons or talons for the Series of Notes 
to which the relevant Tranche of Notes relates or for Notes in definitive form ("definitive Notes" or "Definitive Notes") 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, with, where applicable, vouchers, 
interest coupons and talons attached, to such notice period as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the preceding paragraph unless certification has already been 
given. On and after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to receive any payment 
of interest or principal thereon. Pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (as defined in "Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes" below) and pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as 
defined under “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche 
of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and an ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same 
Series until at least 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche as notified by the Agent 
to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note if the 
Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in accordance with its terms. Global Notes and 
definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes or the Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes (as applicable) and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trust Deed. 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes, definitive Notes, vouchers, interest coupons, and talons in the case 
of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE."

--- Page 54 ---
54 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes (which, in the case of English Law Notes, must be approved by the Trustee 
prior to the relative Issue Date) will contain such of the following information as is applicable in respect of the Notes of 
such Tranche (all references to numbered Conditions being to the Terms and Conditions of such Notes): 
Types of Notes 
1. 
whether the Notes are to be senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes 
(the "Senior-Non Preferred Notes" and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes"), or 
subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"); 
2. 
the interest or payment basis applicable to the Notes (the "Interest/Payment Basis") which depends on whether 
such Notes are: 
(i) 
Notes bearing interest on a fixed rate basis ("Fixed Rate Notes"); 
(ii) 
Notes bearing interest on a floating rate basis ("Floating Rate Notes"), including where the interest 
payable is linked to the CMS Rate or SONIA ("CMS Linked Interest Notes" or "SONIA Linked 
Notes"); 
(iii) 
Notes issued on a non-interest bearing basis ("Zero Coupon Notes"); 
(iv) 
Notes bearing interest on a fixed rate basis for an initial period, and thereafter the fixed rate of interest 
will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by reference to a mid-market 
swap rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin ("Reset Notes"); 
(v) 
Notes redeemable in instalments ("Instalment Notes"), or 
any combination of the foregoing as may be agreed; 
3. 
in the case of Instalment Notes, the amount of each such instalment (each an "Instalment Amount", the final 
such Instalment Amount being the "Final Redemption Amount") and the dates on which each instalment is 
repayable (each an "Instalment Date"); 
Description of the Notes 
4. 
whether interests in the Temporary Global Note are exchangeable for: 
(i) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note and (unless otherwise specified) further exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note; or 
(ii) 
definitive Notes and any relevant notice period required; 
5. 
whether talons for future coupons are to be attached to definitive Notes on issue and, if so, the date on which 
such talons mature; 
6. 
 
(i) 
the Series number; 
(ii) 
the Tranche number; and 
(iii) 
details (including the date, if any, on which the Notes become fully fungible) if forming part of an 
existing Series; 
7. 
 
(i) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes to be issued (the "Nominal Amount") and the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Series (if there is more than one Tranche of the Series);  
(ii) 
the currency in which such Notes are denominated (the "Specified Currency") and the denomination(s) 
of such Notes (the "Specified Denomination(s)"); 
8. 
the price (expressed as a percentage of the Nominal Amount) at which such Notes will be issued (the "Issue 
Price"); 
9. 
the date on which such Notes will be issued (the "Issue Date"); 
10. 
in the case of interest-bearing Notes, the date from which such Notes bear interest (if different from the Issue 
Date) (the "Interest Commencement Date");

--- Page 55 ---
55 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) payable 
General 
11. 
if the Notes are convertible automatically or at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of Notes into Notes of 
another Interest/Payment Basis, details of such conversion including the date(s) upon which such conversion 
will occur or such option(s) may be exercised and the new Interest/Payment Basis; 
Fixed Rate Notes 
12. 
 
(i) 
the rate(s) at which the Notes bear interest (which may remain the same throughout the life of the Notes 
or increase and/or decrease) (the "Fixed Rate(s) of Interest"); 
(ii) 
the date(s) on which interest is payable (which may occur once or more than once in each year and 
which date(s) may or may not be the same throughout the life of the Notes) (each an "Interest Payment 
Date"); 
(iii) 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, the amount of the first payment 
of interest (the "Initial Broken Amount"); 
(iv) 
where the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, the amount of the final payment of interest 
(the "Final Broken Amount");  
(v) 
the amount (each a "Broken Amount") and the Interest Payment Date(s) of any other payments of 
interest not amounting to a full years interest; 
Zero Coupon Notes 
13. 
the amortisation yield (if any) in respect of such Notes (the "Accrual Yield");  
Floating Rate Notes 
14. 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, including: 
(i) 
the margin (if any) (the "Margin") (which may remain the same throughout the life of the Notes or 
increase and/or decrease), specifying whether such Margin is to be added to, or subtracted from, the 
relevant ISDA Rate (as defined in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes)) 
or, as the case may be, the Reference Rate (as defined below); 
(ii) 
where the Rate of Interest is to be determined by reference to the ISDA Definitions (as defined and 
described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating 
Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes) ("ISDA Determination"): 
a) 
the "Floating Rate Option"; 
b) 
the "Designated Maturity"; and 
c) 
the "Reset Date(s)", 
if other than as provided in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes; or 
(iii) 
where the Rate of Interest is to be determined by reference to a screen based quotation ("Screen Rate 
Determination"): 
a) 
the rate (the "Reference Rate") by reference to which the Rate of Interest is to be determined 
(the Reference Rate should also include the relevant period by reference to which the Rate of 
Interest is to be calculated, e.g. three month EURIBOR); 
b) 
the dates on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (each an "Interest Determination 
Date");

--- Page 56 ---
56 
c) 
the page (the "Relevant Screen Page"), whatever its designation, on which the Reference Rate 
is for the time being displayed on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates Service (or such other service 
as is specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
d) 
in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes only, the reference currency and the designated 
maturity which are used for the purposes of calculating the CMS Rate; 
15. 
 
(i) 
 
a) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"); or 
b) 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date; 
(ii) 
the minimum rate of interest ("Rate of Interest"), if any, at which the Notes will bear interest (which 
may remain the same throughout the life of the Notes or increase and/or decrease) (the "Minimum 
Interest Rate"); 
(iii) 
the maximum Rate of Interest, if any, at which the Notes will bear interest (which may remain the same 
throughout the life of the Notes or increase and/or decrease) (the "Maximum Interest Rate"); 
(iv) 
if any Interest Payment Date (or other date) is to be subject to a business day convention, which may 
be: 
a) 
the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention; 
b) 
the Following Business Day Convention; 
c) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention; 
d) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention; 
each as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes;   
(v) 
any location to be open for business for the purposes of determining Interest Payment Dates pursuant 
to Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes 
and Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, 
if other than London or the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency (each an "Additional 
Business Centre"). 
Reset Notes 
16. 
 
(a) 
the fixed rate basis (each an "Initial Rate of Interest") for an initial period; 
(b) 
the date(s) on which the interest rate will be reset (each a "Reset Determination Date") to the sum of 
the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date;  
(c) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"). 
Provisions regarding Redemption/Maturity 
17. 
the day on which the Notes (unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled) will be redeemed (the 
"Maturity Date") and the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date (the 
“Maturity Period”); 
18. 
 
(i) 
whether the Notes are to be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation reasons) 
and/or the Noteholders; 
(ii) 
the date(s) upon which redemption may occur (each an "Optional Redemption Date") and the 
redemption price(s) for the Notes (each an "Optional Redemption Amount"); and

--- Page 57 ---
57 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes redeemable by the Issuer in part, the minimum nominal amount of the Notes 
permitted to be so redeemed at any time (the "Minimum Redemption Amount") and any greater 
nominal amount of the Notes permitted to be so redeemed at any time (each a "Higher Redemption 
Amount"), if any; 
19. 
the amount at which each Note will be redeemed under Condition 4(a) (At Maturity) or Condition 4(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and under Condition 4(a) 
(At Maturity) or Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes (the "Final Redemption Amount"), expressed as a percentage of the nominal amount of the Notes; 
20. 
the redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") in respect of the Notes payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or following an Event of Default. 
General Provisions Applicable to an Issue of Notes 
21. 
details of any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Agent and, in the case of 
English Law Notes, the Trustee; 
22. 
the method of distribution of the Notes (syndicated or non-syndicated) including, if syndicated, the names of the 
managers; 
23. 
if syndicated, details of the stabilising manager; 
24. 
whether or not such Notes are to be listed on any stock exchange; 
25. 
Common Code for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg and the ISIN; 
26. 
whether or not the Notes are rated; and 
27. 
the net proceeds of the Notes.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes to be governed under English Law (respectively, the 
English Law Notes or the Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions) 
which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall specify terms which complete the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and each definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the 
Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms, which will include the definition of certain terms used in 
the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of notes (the notes of such Series being hereinafter called the "Notes", which expression 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note and (iii) any global 
Note) issued under the terms of an amended and restated trust deed dated on or around 10 November 2021 (the "Trust 
Deed") made between, inter alia, BPER Banca S.p.A. in its capacity as issuer of Notes (the "Issuer") and The Law 
Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee of the Notes (the "Trustee", which expression shall wherever the context 
permits include all other persons or companies for the time being acting as trustee of the Notes under the Trust Deed). 
The Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons (each as defined below) also have the benefit of an amended and 
restated agency agreement dated on or around 10 November 2021 (the "Agency Agreement for the English Law 
Notes") and made between, inter alia, the Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying 
agents appointed from time to time in connections with the Notes).   
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter referred 
to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a Tranche of Notes 
together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or 
Interest Commencement Dates.  As used herein, "Tranche" means all Notes of the same Series which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons 
("Coupons", the holders of which are "Couponholders") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons", the holders of which are "Talonholders") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  
Definitive Notes repayable in instalments will have vouchers ("Vouchers", the holders of which are "Voucherholders") 
for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this Note and 
completes these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms are available 
for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Trustee, the Agent and each of the other 
Paying Agents save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be available 
for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Trustee, the Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its identity. The 
Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, 
all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, 
which are binding on them. Words and expressions defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.   
1. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and Definitive Notes will be 
serially numbered.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
The Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the provisions set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.  If it is a Definitive Note, it is issued with Coupons attached, unless it is a Zero Coupon Note 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. If it is an 
Instalment Note in definitive form it is issued with Vouchers attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Vouchers and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Trustee and any 
Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Voucher or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or 
not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft 
thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next 
succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
or of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying 
Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, any Paying Agent 
and the Trustee, solely in the bearer of the relevant global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms and the terms 
of the Trust Deed (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).  Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be to the 
records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the amount of such 
customers' interests in the Notes but excluding any interest in any Notes of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shown 
in the records of the other clearing system. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer, 
the Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in 
Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including 
any successor regulations;  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other country in 
which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the BRRD; and 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any 
applicable law) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time,

--- Page 60 ---
60 
including Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that 
it will treat all Senior Preferred Notes equally and that all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of 
principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each holder 
of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may treat the 
Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be 
affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – 
Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) 
shall be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into common equity Tier 1 
instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption Requirement"), if so required 
under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior 
Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment: 
(A) 
after any present or future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, and also after any obligation 
required to be preferred by law, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, but  
(B) 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms or mandatory 
provisions of law to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and  
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority.  
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may treat 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, but that 
the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Status of 
Senior Preferred Notes)), if so required under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the 
powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that application of the 
Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes  and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them constitute unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes 
and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. In relation to each Series of Subordinated 
Notes, each of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of 
principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione Volontaria (the 
latter as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Vouchers and Coupons shall 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, including any obligation required to be preferred by law, (B) but 
at least pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, 
and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to 
the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(iv) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Bank 
of Italy's Regulations.  
(v) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as 
Tier II capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders shall not be affected 
if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as Tier II capital. However, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – 
Regulatory Call).  
(vi) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) may 
be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior 
Preferred Notes)) in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if the Relevant Authority 
determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary 
pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time.  
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for 
which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date.  The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) as the same Rate 
of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest payable on one 
or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of a fixed Rate of Interest which is subject to one or 
more resets as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The first payment of interest will be made on 
the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary 
of the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The applicable Final Terms may also specify other Broken 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date(s) on which such Broken Amounts are payable in 
circumstances where payments of interest not amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount 
of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon

--- Page 62 ---
62 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination. 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified, 
such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) "Regular Period" means 
(i) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the 
next Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes 
where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 63 ---
63 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the 
Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such 
Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on 
an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions 
for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per 
cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b):  
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four 
major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) 
(Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on 
the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments

--- Page 64 ---
64 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has 
a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or LIBOR for 
the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not euro, provided that in the event that EURIBOR, LIBOR 
or the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms has been discontinued, the Mid- Swap Floating Leg 
Benchmark Rate shall be such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have accepted as a 
successor or substitute rate for EURIBOR, LIBOR or the relevant specified rate, as applicable. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) (Interest 
on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second 
Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first 
day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
3(b) (ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the

--- Page 65 ---
65 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin. 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, including CMS Linked Interest Note and SONIA Linked Notes, bears interest 
on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be 
payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(c)(i)(B) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked 
Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes, will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent or such other person acting as calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.) (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on 
the Euro-Zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation 
Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 3(c)(iv) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of the 
determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than Floating Rate Notes linked to 
SONIA or the CMS Rate 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" and "SONIA" is not specified 
as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Relevant Financial Centre (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide

--- Page 67 ---
67 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates quoted by four major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre (defined below) of the Specified Currency selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency 
to leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3:  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate.  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it means the principal 
financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as is selected by the Calculation 
Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of 
five major banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions.  
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the  manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest  applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 3(f).  
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the  Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the  SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the 
Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph above, 
in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate 
is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation

--- Page 69 ---
69 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(f), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for 
so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 3(c)(ii)(D): “Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with 
respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third decimal 
place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where:  
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
“LBD” means a Business Day;  
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day;  
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such number shall not be less 
than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent; and  
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” Business Days prior to that 
Business Day “i”;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, 
the date falling five Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to 
be made in respect of the Notes).  
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such Business Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the screen or, 
if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate.  If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum 
Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest 
Rate. The provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  Where the Calculation 
Agent is not the Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest 
Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset Notes - Rates of Interest and 
Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and

--- Page 71 ---
71 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2





360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 72 ---
72 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the 
time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged 
to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest 
Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this Condition 3(c), 
the Trustee may determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute discretion (having such 
regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition but subject always to any 
Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms), it shall deem 
fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and, as the case may be, the Trustee shall calculate the 
Interest Amount in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each 
such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In the 
absence of fraud and gross negligence the Trustee shall have no liability to any person in connection 
with any determination or calculation it is required to make pursuant to this Condition 3(c)(vi). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3(c)(vi) shall not apply if a Benchmark Event (as defined below) has 
occurred and Condition 3(f) becomes effective. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3(c), whether 
by the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Noteholders, the Voucherholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the 
Trustee in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the Note, payment of 
principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event interest will continue to accrue as provided in the 
Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes), if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent 
Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate 
or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to 
the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods 
or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provison in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods 
(as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) 
changes to the Terms and Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor 
Rate or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate, including but not limited to, the Additional 
Business Centre, Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Relevant Screen Page and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to 
the Notes, and (y) any other changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) 
determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, and, if 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the 
effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the  Trustee, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the rules of such exchange or other 
relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant authority as soon as possible after their 
determination. No later than notifying the Trustee of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a 
certificate signed by two Authorised Persons (x) confirming the Successor Rate, or as the case may be, 
the Alternative Benchmark Rate and, where applicable, the Adjustment Spread, in each case determined 
pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above, (y) certifying that the consequential amendments are necessary 
to ensure the proper operation of the Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread, and (z) certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with the Independent Adviser with respect 
to each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, explaining, in reasonable detail, why the Issuer 
has not done so. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry or liability to 
any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Adjustment Spread (if any), and any such other relevant changes pursuant to this Condition 3(f) 
specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and Adjustment Spread (if any) and without prejudice to the 
Trustee’s ability to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying 
Agents and the Noteholders. Subject to receipt by the Trustee of such certificate, the Trustee shall, at 
the direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions as the Issuer certifies are 
required to give effect to this Condition 3(f) and the Trustee shall not be liable to any party for any 
consequences thereof. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with affecting the 
Successor Rate, or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate or such other relevant changes pursuant 
to this Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any documents or taking any other steps by the 
Issuer and any of the parties to the Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes; 
and 
(vi) 
if the application of an Alternative Benchmark Rate (and the Adjustment Spread, if applicable) 
determined pursuant to this Condition 3(f) would result in the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and/or 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, no Alternative Benchmark Rate (and, the Adjustment Spread, 
if applicable) will be adopted, and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Condition 3(f): (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying the 
MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
(as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being authorised 
to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist;  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will not 
constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the relevant public 
announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 3(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (y) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of their nominal value) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes).  
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, as 
provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Redemption for tax reasons 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer satisfies the Trustee, immediately prior to 
the giving of the notice referred to below, that: 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would (notwithstanding 
its having used such endeavours as the Trustee shall consider reasonable) be required to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of Notes 
of the Series,  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above have 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that such 
change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and  
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee of (A) a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describing 
the facts leading thereto, and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that such circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"), 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Trustee, the 
Paying Agent and the Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, CMS Linked Interest 
Notes or SONIA Linked Interest Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, repay all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment provided that the date fixed for such repayment shall not be

--- Page 77 ---
77 
earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, 
were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior Notes), if 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Note (as the case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Trustee and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to the holders of the Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), upon the occurrence of an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in 
Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, delegated or implementing acts, 
regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the application or official interpretation of the relevant 
regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the 
Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then 
subject to such requirements, provided that an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are excluded on the basis (1) that the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable 
limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of “MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event”, the Issuer 
is considered already subject to MREL/TLAC Requirements regardless of any transitional period which may 
apply to the mandatory application of the same.  
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the BRRD (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation 
in Italy. 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Subordinated Notes), if 
Regulatory Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent that the Issuer 
determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Trustee and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver or 
procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer 
stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii):  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy

--- Page 78 ---
78 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer and including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD 
IV and the Banking Reform Package; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to time;  
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant 
authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Own Funds" has the meaning given to such a term (or any equivalent or successor term) in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole or, to the extent permitted by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Issuer (whether on a consolidated or non-
consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the 
standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including 
adopted by the European Union)  and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before five years from the issue 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers 
such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant

--- Page 79 ---
79 
Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date;  
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, directive or other 
binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time to time, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent and the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or a Higher Repayment Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of 
which definitive Notes have been issued, or in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes in relation to which Notes 
are represented by a global Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such 
date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  In the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of 
which definitive Notes have been issued, a list of the serial numbers of such Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  The 
aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate amount of Notes in respect of which 
definitive Notes have been issued and are outstanding bears to the aggregate amount of the Notes outstanding, 
in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned amount shall, if necessary, be rounded 
downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination; and the aggregate amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes.  No 
exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date 
to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(d) and a statement to that effect shall 
be included in the original notice of redemption given by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to (i) above. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Not applicable to Subordinated Notes) - Put Option 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) shall not apply, if the Put Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not 
in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except where prior 
to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
(f) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), the Notes will 
be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the nominal amount. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other 
than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Voucher (which must be presented with 
the Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment against surrender of the relevant Note, all 
as more fully described in this Condition 4. 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count 
Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Vouchers and 
Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any time, in any manner and at any price. In the case 
of any purchase, such Notes may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or, at the 
option of the Issuer, cancelled.   
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time.  
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 4(i) 
(Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Vouchers 
and Coupons surrendered therewith.  All Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations 
of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes  
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase in accordance with Conditions  4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer – Call Option) and/or Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver) (including for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 11), and 4(i) (Purchases), qualifying as 
eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR (to the extent required), where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for 
Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for 
continuing authorization, subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be 
provided from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria 
that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph.  
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an event 
of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption 
or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit the redemption or purchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 
4(k) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase in accordance with Conditions  4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer – Call Option), and/or Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver) (including for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 11), and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if 
and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and in 
the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the relevant Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or 
b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
a) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
b) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons - 
Regulatory Call), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes; or 
c) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the relevant Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority having permitted that action on the 
basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified 
by exceptional circumstances; or

--- Page 82 ---
82 
d) 
the relevant Notes being purchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not exceed one 
year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a 
predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be 
requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 
2 Capital instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption 
or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (a) or (b) of subparagraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an 
event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any 
redemption, variation, substitution or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations permit the redemption, 
variation, substitution or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as 
appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).   
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
The Issuer and the Trustee have acknowledged and agreed in the Trust Deed that the obligations of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Notes will be discharged by the Issuer making payment to the relevant 
Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders as described below. 
(b) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an Euro account (or any other account to which 
Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or at the option of the payee by a Euro 
cheque. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal and accrued interest in respect of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been 
issued will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of definitive Notes and payments 
of interest (other than rolled-up interest) in respect of the Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (as referred to below). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Notes in definitive form, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Voucher at the specified office of any Paying Agent.  Each Voucher 
must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant definitive Note against which 
the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment.  If any definitive Note is redeemed or becomes 
redeemable prior to its Maturity Date, principal will be payable on presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of such definitive Note together with all unmatured Vouchers appertaining 
thereto.  Vouchers presented without the definitive Notes to which they appertain and unmatured Vouchers do 
not constitute valid obligations in respect of the Notes to which they relate.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which for this purpose shall be deemed to include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange 
of matured Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 13 (Prescription)).  Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining to the definitive Note 
relating thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note (including a CMS Interest Linked Note and SONIA Linked 
Interest Notes) represented by Notes in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Vouchers, 
Coupons and Talons (if any) appertaining to such definitive Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
In the event that definitive Notes are issued, if the due date for redemption thereof is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Notes from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant global Note against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
only, endorsement), as the case may be, of such global Note to or to the order of the Agent or any other Paying 
Agent, as the case may be.  A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such global 
Note distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will in the case of a classic 
global note ("CGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be made on such global Note by the Agent or 
other Paying Agent, as the case may be, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in 
question has been made and in the case of a new global note ("NGN") (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by a global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note.  Subject to Condition 10 
(Enforcement, Indemnification and Liability of the Trustee) and the Trust Deed, no person other than the holder 
of the relevant global Note (or, as provided in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall have any claims against the 
Issuer in respect of any payments due in respect of the Notes represented by that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in respect of the Notes will only be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject 
to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified 
offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the United States is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and

--- Page 84 ---
84 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes, "Payment 
Day" means any day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant place 
of presentation; and 
(b) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global note are) deposited with a depositary, a common depositary, or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment 
Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET settlement day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms specify 
that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon, including Interest Payment 
Dates, is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant date of payment would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day convention specified is:  
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day. 
 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any 
undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any 
undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
6. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
The Issuer is entitled (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent or any other paying agent appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and/or 
appoint additional or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any paying 
agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, traded and/or quoted on any stock exchange, listing authority and/or 
quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city approved by the Trustee in continental 
Europe; and  
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(c) (Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) provided that no such variation, termination, 
appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 days before or after any Interest 
Payment Date. 
7. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if 
any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for 
a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date 
for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 12 (Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons).  Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative 
Coupon sheet matures. 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes or 
duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior 
Notes only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, with regard to the Subordinated 
Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by 
the holders of the Notes, Voucher or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Voucher or (as the case may be) Coupons, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note, Voucher or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy other than the mere 
holding of the Note, Voucher or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Voucher 
or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled 
to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note, Voucher or 
Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 as 
amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or

--- Page 86 ---
86 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction is required 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Trustee or the 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such moneys shall have been so received 
and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer, the Trustee and/or any paying agent shall 
be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iii) any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"), as a result of a holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. None of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the paying agent or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a holder/investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts 
which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 8 or any obligations undertaken in addition 
thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Events of Default 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 9 applies to Senior Notes and to Subordinated Notes which may be issued by the Issuer and references 
to "Notes", "Noteholders", "Voucherholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 9 shall be construed accordingly: 
(i) 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so directed in writing by the holders of Notes relating to at least one-fifth 
of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders shall 
(subject in each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer that the Notes are, and 
they shall (subject to the approval of the Relevant Authority, to the extent applicable) accordingly immediately 
become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 4(f) (Redemption 
Amounts)) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest as provided in the Trust Deed if the Issuer is wound up 
or dissolved (otherwise than for the purposes of any amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms previously 
approved by the Trustee). 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice institute such proceedings against the Issuer as it 
may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the Trust Deed or in 
relation to the Notes.  The Trustee shall not in any event be bound to take any of the actions referred to in this 
paragraph unless it shall have been so directed in writing by the holders of Notes relating to at least one-fifth of 
the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and subject 
to being indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 9 or in the Trust Deed shall 
be available to the Trustee or the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders whether for the recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of the Notes or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any 
of its obligations under the Trust Deed or in relation to the Notes or otherwise.  
10. 
Enforcement, Indemnification and Liability of the Trustee 
Only the Trustee may enforce the obligations of the Issuer, arising in relation to the Notes and the Trust Deed and no 
Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed against the Issuer. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, including 
provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce repayment of the Notes unless indemnified to 
its satisfaction. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries without accounting 
for any profit resulting therefrom.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their 
interests, including the modification of these Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Vouchers, the 
Coupons or the terms of the Notes. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be 
one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of Notes relating to a clear majority of the nominal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any such adjourned meeting one or more persons present 
holding or representing the holders of the Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Notes, except that at any meeting, 
the business of which includes, inter alia, reduction of the amount, variation of the currency or postponement of the date 
for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be one or more persons present holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned 
such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Any resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, to any modification 
(subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these 
Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons or the terms of the Notes or determine that 
any event which would or might otherwise be an event of default shall not be treated as such if, in the opinion of the 
Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially prejudiced thereby or to any modification which is of a 
formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged 
to concur with the Issuer in effecting any modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Deed, the 
Vouchers, the Coupons and the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set 
out in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or 
Couponholders. Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, 
Voucherholders and Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to 
the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  The Trust Deed also 
provides for a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders to be as effective and binding as if it 
were an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  
The Issuer and the Trustee may convene a meeting of Noteholders jointly with the holders of some or all other Series of 
notes issued under the terms of the Trust Deed and not forming a single Series with the Notes, to which meeting the 
provisions referred to above shall apply as if the Notes and all such other notes formed part of the same Series, provided 
that, in the opinion of the Trustee, the proposals to be considered at such meeting affect the rights of the holders of the 
notes of each Series attending the meeting in identical respects (save only insofar as the Terms and Conditions applicable 
to each such Series are not identical). 
The Trustee shall, in connection with the exercise by it of the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions (including but 
not limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, determination, replacement, transfer 
or substitution) vested in it by the Trust Deed or these Terms and Conditions, have regard to the interests of the 
Noteholders as a class or (as the case may be) to the holders of all the notes outstanding under the Trust Deed as a class 
and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, shall not have regard to the consequences of 
such exercise for individual Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and shall have absolute and uncontrolled 
discretion as to the exercise thereof. 
If at any time a Tax Event or Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and 
receiving any required consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Trustee 
and the holders of the relevant Notes of that Tranche, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes 
for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Securities, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax Event or Regulatory Event 
would exist after such modification, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of 
the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities or otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant 
to the provisions of the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Relevant  Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee 
and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes for, 
or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such

--- Page 88 ---
88 
modification, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied or substituted securities. Any modification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with the limitations 
imposed by applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Notes than the terms of the Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements or, as the case may be, 
for the Tier II Capital; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and 
the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable 
MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and that shall 
also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of 
the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest 
rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and  
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Voucher, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (or such other place as may be notified to the Noteholders), 
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred by the 
Issuer and such Paying Agent in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise 
as the Issuer and the Trustee may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Vouchers, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered 
before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 89 ---
89 
14. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published (a) in one leading English language daily newspaper 
of general circulation in London and (b) so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  It is expected that publication of notices will normally be made in the Financial Times 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication in both the 
required newspapers.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any other stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited, in the case of a CGN, with a common depositary or, in the case of an NGN, with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices 
to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and for so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort 
and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock 
exchange, the rules of that stock exchange so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders.  Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note 
or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any 
Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders 
to issue further notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the date of, and the 
amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed 
and the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except for (A) with respect to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 4(a) (At Maturity), and 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance 
with, Italian law, and (B) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, Conditions 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes), 4(a) 
(At Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. Furthermore, Condition 18 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power) and 
any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or connected 
with the Trust Deed or the Notes (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the Trust Deed 
or the Notes or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust Deed or the Notes) or the 
consequences of the nullity of the Trust Deed or the Notes. The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, it will not argue to the contrary. The submission 
to jurisdiction is for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 16 
(Governing law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents the Trustee and the Noteholders from taking proceedings relating 
to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee or any 
Noteholder may take concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
The Issuer agrees that the documents, which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be served in 
relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Pini Franco LLP, whose office is currently 
situated at 22-24 Ely Place, London EC1N 6TE.  If such person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to accept 
service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of the Trustee or any Noteholder 
addressed and delivered to the Issuer appoint a further person in England to accept service of process on its behalf and, 
failing such appointment within 15 days, the Trustee or any Noteholder shall be entitled to appoint such a person by 
written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer.  Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of the 
Trustee or any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings 
in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
17. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) 
Act 1999. 
18. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between 
the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary 
by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and these 
Conditions shall remain in full force and effect, save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance with this 
Condition 18. 
In this Condition 18: 
 "Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the 
Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 
180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM 
Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a 
regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for 
a temporary period).

--- Page 91 ---
91 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes to be governed under Italian Law (respectively, the 
Italian Law Notes or the Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes or the Terms and Conditions) 
which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted 
by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so 
permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall specify terms which complete the following Terms 
and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each global Note and each definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the 
Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms, which will include the definition of certain terms used in 
the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of notes (the notes of such Series being hereinafter called the "Notes", which expression 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the 
Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note and (iii) any global 
Note. The Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons (each as defined below) have the benefit of an agency 
agreement dated on or around 10 November  2021 (the "Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes") and made 
between, the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression 
shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying 
Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time in 
connections with the Notes).   
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter referred 
to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a Tranche of Notes 
together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single 
series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or 
Interest Commencement Dates.  As used herein, "Tranche" means all Notes of the same Series which are identical in all 
respects (including as to listing). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons 
("Coupons", the holders of which are "Couponholders") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons", the holders of which are "Talonholders") attached on issue. Any reference herein to 
Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons.  
Definitive Notes repayable in instalments will have vouchers ("Vouchers", the holders of which are "Voucherholders") 
for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached on issue. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this Note and 
completes these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or 
the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the specified office of the Agent and each of the other Paying Agents save that, if this 
Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder 
holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Agent 
or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its identity. The Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the 
Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. Words and expressions 
defined in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable 
Final Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail.   
1. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and Definitive Notes will be 
serially numbered. 
The Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate Note, a Zero 
Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the provisions set out in 
the applicable Final Terms.  If it is a Definitive Note, it is issued with Coupons attached, unless it is a Zero Coupon Note 
in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and Conditions are not applicable. If it is an 
Instalment Note in definitive form it is issued with Vouchers attached.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Vouchers and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance with the provisions 
of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. The Issuer and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of 
any Note, Voucher or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of 
ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global 
Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") 
or of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be 
conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer any Paying 
Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of 
principal or interest on such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevent global Note shall be treated by the Issuer 
and any Paying Agent as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms 
of the relevant global Note (and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be 
construed accordingly).  Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be to the 
records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the amount of such 
customers' interests in the Notes but excluding any interest in any Notes of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg shown 
in the records of the other clearing system. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context 
so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer and 
the Agent. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set out in 
Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to time, including 
any successor regulations;  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 
amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other country in 
which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for the prudential 
oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the BRRD; and 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari 
passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any 
applicable law) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, 
including Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer.  
(ii) 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each holder 
of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Preferred Note.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may treat the 
Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall not be 
affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – 
Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) 
shall be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into common equity Tier 1 
instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption Requirement"), if so required 
under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior 
Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves. 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione 
Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment  
(A) 
after any present or future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any holder of 
Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, and also after any obligation 
required to be preferred by law, including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, but  
(B) 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms or mandatory 
provisions of law to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and  
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority.  
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to have waived 
any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may treat 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, but that 
the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Status of 
Senior Preferred Notes)), if so required under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the 
powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that application of the 
Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable 
law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes  and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them constitute unconditional, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes 
and in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer. In relation to each Series of Subordinated

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Notes, each of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of 
principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione Volontaria (the 
latter as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Vouchers and Coupons shall 
rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, including any obligation required to be preferred by law, (B) but 
at least pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, 
and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior to 
the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(iv) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Bank 
of Italy's Regulations.  
(v) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be treated as 
Tier II capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders shall not be affected 
if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as Tier II capital. However, the Issuer may redeem the 
Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – 
Regulatory Call).  
(vi) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or interest) may 
be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior 
Preferred Notes)) in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if the Relevant Authority 
determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary 
pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time.  
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest Periods for 
which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in arrear 
on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on an Interest 
Payment Date.  The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (i) as the same Rate 
of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a different Rate of Interest payable on one 
or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of a fixed Rate of Interest which is subject to one or 
more resets as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The first payment of interest will be made on 
the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary 
of the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, 
interest from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, 
as the case may be) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The applicable Final Terms may also specify other Broken 
Amounts and the Interest Payment Date(s) on which such Broken Amounts are payable in 
circumstances where payments of interest not amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount 
of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon 
amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the 
relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified, 
such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which it falls, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period in 
which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular Period 
divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) "Regular Period" means 
(i) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the 
next Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest 
is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes 
where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end 
of the irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as being applicable. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 96 ---
96 
If (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date at the 
Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such 
Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate per annum 
equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall on 
an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions 
for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen 
Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent 
shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset 
Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per 
cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation Agent 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First 
Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate 
of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset 
Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b):  
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four 
major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second 
Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) 
(Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the fixed leg 
payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on 
the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments 
in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap 
transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has

--- Page 97 ---
97 
a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the 
Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or LIBOR for 
the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not euro, provided that in the event that EURIBOR, LIBOR 
or the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms has been discontinued, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark 
Rate shall be such other successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or 
substitute rate for EURIBOR, LIBOR or the relevant specified rate, as applicable. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) (Interest 
on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps in the Specified 
Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being 
rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on such 
Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the 
First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second 
Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first 
day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but excluding) 
the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to Condition 
3(b) (ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent 
Margin. 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which 
the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, including CMS Linked Interest Note and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, bears 
interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest 
will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(ii) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or other period specified 
as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any Interest Payment Date 
would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business day convention specified 
is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(c)(i)(B) above, 
the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the number of 
months or other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it 
would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date 
shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 
19 November 2007; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the settlement 
of payments in euro.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked 
Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, will be determined in the manner specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), 
"ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation 
Agent or such other person acting as calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc.) (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is based on 
the Euro-Zone inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of 
that Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating 
Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" have the meanings 
given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the Calculation 
Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 3(c)(iv) 
(Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts) in respect of the 
determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of Interest in respect of such 
Interest Period in the manner provided in this sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" and "SONIA" is not specified 
as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as 
the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.  If five or more such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen 
Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the 
arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (ii) 
above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Relevant Time, 
the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Relevant Financial Centre (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide

--- Page 100 ---
100 
the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per annum which the 
Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the rates quoted by four major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre (defined below) of the Specified Currency selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency 
to leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3:  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is most 
closely connected with the Reference Rate.  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it means the principal 
financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as is selected by the Calculation 
Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is 
selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(C) 
 Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference 
Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the 
CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant 
Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If at least three of the CMS 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the 
event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the principal New York City office of 
five major banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other 
Reference Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined 
on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions.  
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the  manner in which 
the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest  applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin (if any) as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 3(f).  
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the  Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA Reference Rate is not available 
on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised 
distributors, the  SONIA Reference Rate in respect of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the 
Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on such 
Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate 
over the previous five days on which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding 
the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors).  
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the paragraph above, 
in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how the SONIA Reference Rate 
is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation

--- Page 102 ---
102 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such 
guidance in order to determine the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day “i” for the 
purpose of the relevant Series of Notes for so long as the SONIAReference Rate is not available 
or has not been published by the authorised distributors.  
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject to Condition 3(f), the Rate 
of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date 
(though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that 
which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to 
that last preceding Interest Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for 
the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date 
(including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the first Interest Period).  
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 9 (Events 
of Default and Enforcement), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be the date 
on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for 
so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 3(c)(ii)(D): “Compounded Daily SONIA” means, with 
respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment (with 
the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the calculation of interest) and 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third decimal 
place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Where:  
“d” is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“do” is the number of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period;  
“i” is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business Day 
in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period;  
“LBD” means a Business Day;  
“ni”, for any Business Day “i”, means the number of calendar days from and including such 
Business Day “i” up to but excluding the following Business Day;  
“p” means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number of Business 
Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such number shall not be less 
than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer and the Agent; and  
“SONIAi-pLBD” means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling “p” Business Days prior to that 
Business Day “i”;

--- Page 103 ---
103 
“Observation Period” means the period from and including the date falling five Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but excluding, the date falling 
five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or, if applicable, 
the date falling five Business Days prior to any other date on which a payment of interest is to 
be made in respect of the Notes).  
“SONIA Reference Rate” means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such Business Day as provided by 
the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the screen or, 
if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised distributors (on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum 
Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such 
Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest 
Rate. The provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is 
to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  Where the Calculation 
Agent is not the Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of the Rate of Interest for the relevant 
Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable on the 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified 
Denomination of such Note divided by the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, 
in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Interest 
Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset Notes - Rates of Interest and 
Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the applicable 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and

--- Page 104 ---
104 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2





360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2






--- Page 105 ---
105 
(v) Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the 
relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock exchange 
on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment 
will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being 
listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  If the Calculation Amount is 
less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish 
each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(vi) Determination or Calculation by a leading bank or investment banking firm other than the Calculation 
Agent 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation to 
determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this Condition 3(c), 
the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal 
London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The 
Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(vii) Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 3(c), whether 
by the Calculation Agent or the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Noteholders, the Voucherholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions 
pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on the 
basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are 
received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) or such other amount in 
the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease to bear 
interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the Note, payment of

--- Page 106 ---
106 
principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event interest will continue to accrue as provided in this 
Condition 3 (Interest). 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes), if the Issuer (in 
consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark Event has 
occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an Independent 
Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) a Successor Rate 
or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business 
Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to 
the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off 
Date") for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset 
Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed by it 
fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA Determination 
Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner) may 
determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in accordance with 
the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative Benchmark Rate shall be 
the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to the Notes for all future Reset Periods 
or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, 
however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as 
applicable), the Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall 
be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Reset 
Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest 
Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provison in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods 
(as applicable) are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this 
Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate in accordance 
with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) may also, 
following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) 
changes to the Terms and Conditions in order to follow market practice in relation to such Successor 
Rate or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate, including but not limited to, the Additional 
Business Centre, Business Day, Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination 
Date, Relevant Screen Page and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to 
the Notes, and (y) any other changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) 
determines are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes 
shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) 
or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a 
formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent 
Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology 
for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread;

--- Page 107 ---
107 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, and, if 
applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any changes (and the 
effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Paying Agents and, if applicable the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices); 
(vi) 
no consent of the Notheholders shall be required in connection with effecting a relevant Successor Rate 
or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes pursuant to this Condition 3(f), 
including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the Issuer; 
(vii) 
if the application of an Alternative Benchmark Rate (and the Adjustment Spread, if applicable) 
determined pursuant to this Condition 3(f) would result in the occurrence of a Regulatory Event and/or 
a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, no Alternative Benchmark Rate (and, the Adjustment Spread, 
if applicable) will be adopted, and the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, notwithstanding any 
other provision of this Condition 3(f): (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will 
be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if 
and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the 
qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying the 
MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of Subordinated Notes, Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes of 
the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or (ii) in the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the 
terms of the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment 
Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology for 
calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), 
determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) in 
order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice 
or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate 
(as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case of an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in 
international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap 
Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in customary market 
usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines that there 
is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its 
discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being authorised 
to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing 
to exist;  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently or 
indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Original Reference Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that the 
Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, 
or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months;  
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original 
Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or  
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any payments 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will not 
constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the relevant public 
announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to such 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 3.(f)(Benchmark 
Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the request 
of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark rate, (y) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or 
any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be redeemed by the 
Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of their nominal value) 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, subject as 
provided in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes).

--- Page 109 ---
109 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, as 
provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Redemption for tax reasons 
is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer satisfies the Agent, immediately prior to 
the giving of the notice referred to below, that: 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or 
after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would (notwithstanding 
its having used such endeavours as the Agent shall consider reasonable) be required to pay additional 
amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) on the occasion of the next payment in respect of Notes 
of the Series,  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above have 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that such 
change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and  
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Agent of (A) a certificate signed 
by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describing 
the facts leading thereto, and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the 
effect that such circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"), 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate 
Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, on the next Interest Payment 
Date, repay all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) 
below, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment provided that the 
date fixed for such repayment shall not be earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Upon the 
expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior Notes), if 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Senior 
Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Note (as the case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), to the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes 
and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (as the case may be). 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a change in 
Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, delegated or implementing acts, 
regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the application or official interpretation of the relevant 
regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the 
Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred 
Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then 
subject to such requirements, provided that an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are excluded on the basis (1) that the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is less than any period 
prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of any applicable 
limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements. For 
the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of “MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event”, the Issuer 
is considered already subject to MREL/TLAC Requirements regardless of any transitional period which may 
apply to the mandatory application of the same.  
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or 
total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to in the BRRD (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing legislation and regulation 
in Italy. 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Subordinated Notes), if 
Regulatory Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent that the Issuer 
determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if 
the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall 
be irrevocable) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall deliver or 
procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating 
that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive 
and binding on the Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem 
the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described 
in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii):  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines and 
policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy 
then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) whether or not such requirements, 
guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the 
Issuer and including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD 
IV and the Banking Reform Package; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to time;  
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive);

--- Page 111 ---
111 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV Directive or 
the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, delegated or implementing 
acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, national laws and regulations, and 
regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant 
authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated 
subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures, 
as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on 
prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 648/2012, as 
amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole or, to the extent permitted by the 
Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Issuer (whether on a consolidated or non-
consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the 
standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including 
adopted by the European Union)  and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred before five years from the issue 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers 
such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date;  
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, directive or other 
binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time to time, as 
applicable. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 
(Notices) (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some only of the 
Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified 
in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or a Higher Repayment Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of 
which definitive Notes have been issued, or in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or 
a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes in relation to which Notes 
are represented by a global Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such 
date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  In the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of 
which definitive Notes have been issued, a list of the serial numbers of such Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  The 
aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued shall bear the same

--- Page 112 ---
112 
proportion to the aggregate amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate amount of Notes in respect of which 
definitive Notes have been issued and are outstanding bears to the aggregate amount of the Notes outstanding, 
in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned amount shall, if necessary, be rounded 
downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination; and the aggregate amount of 
Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes.  No 
exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date 
to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(d) and a statement to that effect shall 
be included in the original notice of redemption given by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to (i) above. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Not applicable to Subordinated Notes) - Put Option 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) shall not apply, if the Put Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the 
Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other 
period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, 
redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not 
in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note 
must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of 
such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed and signed notice of 
exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a 
"Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment is by cheque, an address) to 
which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except where prior 
to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in which event such 
holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given pursuant to this paragraph. 
(f) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), the Notes will 
be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the nominal amount. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment 
Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other 
than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Voucher (which must be presented with 
the Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment against surrender of the relevant Note, all 
as more fully described in this Condition 4. 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the 
date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count 
Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Vouchers and 
Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any time, in any manner and at any price. In the case

--- Page 113 ---
113 
of any purchase, such Notes may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or, at the 
option of the Issuer, cancelled.   
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time.   
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 4(i) 
(Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured Vouchers 
and Coupons surrendered therewith. All Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of  the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes  
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase in accordance with Conditions  4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer – Call Option) and/or Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver) (including for the 
avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 11), and 4(i) (Purchases) qualifying as 
eligible liabilities instruments according to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR (to the extent required), where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(A) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for 
Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(C) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for 
continuing authorization, subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be 
provided from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria 
that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in 
sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of the preceding paragraph.  
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an event 
of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any redemption 
or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with 
respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to the 
Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit the redemption or purchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 
4(k) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions  
4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option), and/or Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; 
Modifications; Waiver) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 
11), and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations:

--- Page 114 ---
114 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting prior 
permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and in 
the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including Articles 77 
and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), where either: 
a) on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the relevant Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer; or 
b) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or purchase, exceed the minimum 
requirements (including any capital buffer requirements) required under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the Issue Date of 
the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 2014: 
a) in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), the Issuer 
having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the 
applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
b) in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 11.3 (Redemption for regulatory reasons - 
Regulatory Call), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of Subordinated Notes; or 
c) on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing the relevant Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for the 
income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant Authority having permitted that action on the 
basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified 
by exceptional circumstances; or 
d) the relevant Notes being purchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not exceed one 
year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a 
predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be 
requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 
2 Capital instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption 
or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (a) or (b) of subparagraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph. 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute an 
event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time of any 
redemption, variation, substitution or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations permit the redemption, 
variation, substitution or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as 
appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents have acknowledged and agreed in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes that the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be discharged by the Issuer 
making payment to the relevant Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders as described below. 
(b) 
Method of Payment

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the relevant 
Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified Currency drawn on, 
a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which if the Specified 
Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an Euro account (or any other account to which 
Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or at the option of the payee by a Euro 
cheque. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal and accrued interest in respect of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been 
issued will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) above against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of definitive Notes and payments 
of interest (other than rolled-up interest) in respect of the Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as 
aforesaid against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of Coupons, in 
each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (as referred to below). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Notes in definitive form, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Voucher at the specified office of any Paying Agent. Each Voucher 
must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant definitive Note against which 
the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment.  If any definitive Note is redeemed or becomes 
redeemable prior to its Maturity Date, principal will be payable on presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of such definitive Note together with all unmatured Vouchers appertaining 
thereto. Vouchers presented without the definitive Notes to which they appertain and unmatured Vouchers do 
not constitute valid obligations in respect of the Notes to which they relate. 
Each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons 
appertaining thereto (which for this purpose shall be deemed to include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange 
of matured Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not 
being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum 
so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment.  Each amount of principal so 
deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part 
payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the 
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 (Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming 
due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining to the definitive Note 
relating thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note (including a CMS Interest Linked Note and SONIA Interest 
Linked Notes) represented by Notes in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Vouchers, 
Coupons and Talons (if any) appertaining to such definitive Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
In the event that definitive Notes are issued, if the due date for redemption thereof is not an Interest Payment 
Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Notes from and including the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against presentation and surrender 
(or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will (subject as 
provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and otherwise in the 
manner specified in the relevant global Note against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
only, endorsement), as the case may be, of such global Note to or to the order of the Agent or any other Paying 
Agent, as the case may be. A record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of such global Note 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will in the case of a classic global 
note ("CGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) be made on such global Note by the Agent or other 
Paying Agent, as the case may be, and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question

--- Page 116 ---
116 
has been made and in the case of a new global note ("NGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) pro 
rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, the holder 
of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes represented by a global Note 
must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment 
so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in respect of the Notes will only be made at the specified 
office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the United States of 
America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject 
to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such specified 
offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the manner provided 
above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the United States is illegal 
or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, 
adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, "Payment 
Day" means any day which is both a: 
(a) 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant place of 
presentation; and 
(b) 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Day" above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent 
Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note 
is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global note are) deposited with a depositary, a common 
depositary, or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system, "Payment Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET settlement day and a day on which 
dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign currencies 
may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms specify 
that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon, including Interest Payment 
Dates, is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant date of payment would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day convention specified is:  
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next day which 
is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day.

--- Page 117 ---
117 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any 
undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes. 
6. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or any other paying agent appointed 
under the terms of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and/or appoint additional or other paying agents 
and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any paying agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, traded and/or quoted on any stock exchange, listing authority and/or 
quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such place as may be 
required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city with a specified office in a European 
Union Member State other than Italy; and  
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(c) (Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons). 
Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it 
shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) provided that no such variation, termination, appointment 
or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 days before or after any Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon (if 
any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying Agent in exchange for 
a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons to, and including, the final date 
for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of 
Condition 11 (Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons).  Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms 
and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative 
Coupon sheet matures. 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes or 
duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior 
Notes only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC Requirements), and, with regard to the Subordinated 
Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by

--- Page 118 ---
118 
the holders of the Notes, Voucher or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of 
principal and interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Voucher or (as the case may be) Coupons, 
in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Note, Voucher or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or other 
similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy other than the mere 
holding of the Note, Voucher or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, Voucher 
or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled 
to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note, Voucher or 
Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 as 
amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction is required 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on which such 
payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the Agent on or 
prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such moneys shall have been so received and notice 
to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer, the Trustee and/or any paying agent shall 
be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) any 
regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental agreement between the United 
States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iii) any law implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"), as a result of a holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. None of the 
Issuer, the Trustee, the paying agent or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise 
indemnify a holder/investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in these 
Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional amounts 
which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 8 (Taxation) or any obligations undertaken in 
addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) (the "Event of Default"), then any holder of a 
Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Issuer or the Agent, effective upon the date of 
receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Agent, declare any Note held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon 
the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be available 
to the Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes 
or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or otherwise.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver  
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Terms and Conditions, the Notes, the 
Vouchers, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or the terms of the Notes. The quorum at any 
such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing the 
holders of Notes relating to a clear majority of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any 
such adjourned meeting one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of the Notes whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes, except that at any meeting, the business of which includes, inter alia, the modification of 
the Agency Agreeemnt for the Italian Law Notes, the reduction of the amount, variation of the currency or postponement 
of the date for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at 
any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any 
resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not they are present 
at the meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The rights and powers of the Notheholders may only be exercised in accordance with the relevent provisions for the 
meetings of the Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreeemnt for the Italian Law Notes (the Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders) which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and 
are bound by, and shall ahave the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification (subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons 
or the terms of the Notes or determine that any event which would or might otherwise be an Event of Default shall not 
be treated as such where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to interests of the 
Notheholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders so to do, or to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest error.  
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, Voucherholders and 
Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of these Conditions and the Agency 
Agrememtn for the Italian Law Notes to give effect to the Benckmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(f) 
(Benchmark replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, 
subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, any receiving any consent required 
from, or non-objection from, the Relevent Authority. 
If at any time a Tax Event or Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and 
receiving any required consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the holders 
of the relevant Notes of that Tranche, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the 
terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, to the 
extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax Event or Regulatory Event would exist after 
such modification, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities or otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions 
of the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Relevant  Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders 
of the Notes of that Series, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes for, or vary the terms 
of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior 
Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such modification is 
reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or 
substituted securities. Any modification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with the limitations imposed by 
applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Notes than the terms of the Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such 
time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements or, as the case may be, 
for the Tier II Capital; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and 
the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption 
rights as the Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable 
MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) 
have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and that shall 
also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of 
the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC 
Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest 
rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit 
ratings as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and  
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Voucher, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (or such other place as may be notified to the Noteholders), 
in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred by the 
Issuer and such Paying Agent in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise 
as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Vouchers, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented for payment 
within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published (a) in one leading English language daily newspaper 
of general circulation in London and (b) so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that publication of notices will normally be made in the Financial Times 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date 
of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first publication in both the

--- Page 121 ---
121 
required newspapers.  The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the 
rules and regulations of any other stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the 
Temporary Global Note are) deposited, in the case of a CGN, with a common depositary or, in the case of an NGN, with 
a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices 
to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any 
other relevant clearing system and for so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort 
and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a stock 
exchange, the rules of that stock exchange so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in its/their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in such newspaper the delivery of 
the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders.  Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the relative Note 
or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, such notice may be given by any 
Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent 
and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Noteholders in 
accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders 
to issue further notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the date of, and the 
amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be 
consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or connected with the 
Notes (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes or the Notes or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) or the consequences of 
the nullity of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or the Notes. The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan 
are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, it will not argue to the contrary. 
Nothing in this Condition 15 (Governing law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents the Noteholders from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.  
16. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings between 
the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each 
Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) 
acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by 
the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or 
some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together 
with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the 
conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or 
other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or 
obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation 
of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable,

--- Page 122 ---
122 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary 
by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and these 
Conditions shall remain in full force and effect, save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance with this 
Condition 16. 
In this Condition 16: 
 "Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power existing from 
time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in the 
Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 
180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM 
Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a 
regulated entity (as defined below) (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or 
converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for 
a temporary period).

--- Page 123 ---
123 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly completed to reflect the particular 
terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the 
Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 
and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as 
defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
[Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] 
(by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the purposes of 
[the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target mark et for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels 
for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification 
under 
Section 
309B(1)(c) 
of 
the 
Securities 
and 
Futures 
Act 
(Chapter 
289) 
of 
Singapore (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the 
CMP Regulations 2018), 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) 
of the SFA), that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets 
products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 
2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as 
                                                          
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice 
FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendation on Investment Products.]2 
Final Terms dated [●]  
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the English 
Law Notes][ Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes](the "Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated 
10 November [and the prospectus supplement dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended or superseded (the "Prospectus 
Regulation").  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 10 November 2021 [as so supplemented].  The Base Prospectus is 
available for viewing at the address and website ((https://istituzionale.bper.it) of the Issuer and copies may be obtained 
from the Issuer at its address in Modena, Via San Carlo 8/20, Italy. The Base Prospectus [and, in the case of notes 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, these Final Terms,] will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should remain as set 
out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  Italics denote directions 
for completing the Final Terms.] 
[(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute 
"significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation).] 
1. 
 
[(i)] 
Series Number: [●] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number:  [●] 
(If fungible with existing Series): 
[●] 
 
 
[(iii)]    [Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2. 
 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  [●] 
[●] 
3. 
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: [●] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: [●] 
[●] 
4. 
 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[●] 
                                                          
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the 
SFA and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the 
necessary product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which 
have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies), while Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will have a minimum denomination of at 
least Euro 250,000 
 
 
[100,000][●] [and integral multiples of [1,000] [●]  in 
excess thereof up to and including [199,000] [●].  No 
[Senior Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above [199,000] 
[●]].   
[250,000] [●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [●].]  
 
 
(Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which have 
a maturity of less than one year must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount  
[●]  
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. If more than one Specified Denomination, 
insert the highest common factor. There must be a 
common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
 
 
 
6. 
 
[(i)] 
Issue Date:  
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year] 
[Unless 
otherwise 
permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements applicable to 
the issue of Notes by the Issuer, Non-Preferred Senior 
Notes must have a maturity of not less than twelve months 
and Subordinated Notes must have a minimum maturity 
of five years.] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing 
the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be sold only to 
"professional investors" or (ii) another applicable 
exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must be 
available.]

--- Page 126 ---
126 
8. 
 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter]  
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] 
per cent Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]] 
[[EURIBOR] [CMS Rate] [specify other reference rate] 
+/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate:  CMS Linked Interest] 
[Floating Rate: SONIA Linked Notes] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [●] per cent of their nominal amount] 
[100 per cent redemption amount] 
[Instalment] 
 
10. 
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs or when any 
fixed to foxed or floating to floating rate change occurs 
or cross refer to items 16 and 17 (as appropriate) below 
and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13, 14, 15, 
16 and 17 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating, 
floating to fixed or fixed or floating reset rate change 
occurs) 
11. 
 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
 
(i) 
Status of the Notes: 
(ii) 
In respect of Senior Preferred    Notes 
only: 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Senior 
Preferred] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Date [Board] approval for issue of 
Notes obtained 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)  
13. 
 
Governing Law: 
[English law applicable]/[Italian law applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the period 
starting from [●] [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 14) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] [From (and including) [●] up to (but 
excluding) [●]] [the aggregate of [●] per cent and [●] per 
annum] 
[determined 
by 
the 
Agent] 
payable

--- Page 127 ---
127 
[annually/semi-annually /quarterly/monthly] in arrear on 
each Interest Payment Date.]  
 
 
[specify other in case of different Rates of Interest in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates including any 
details of any reset of the Fixed Rate] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
[Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
/Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(vi)        Determination Dates 
[●] in each year / Not Applicable 
 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date]  
 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin:  
[[+/-][●] per cent per annum] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]]  
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]]  
 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]  
 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]  
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]   
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year  
 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [●]  
 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [● ]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)  
[●] 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives.  An Interest Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise insert 
"Not Applicable")] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/ Eurodollar 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] (for 
Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / 
[Screen Rate Determination] (for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function)]/[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ CMS Rate/SONIA] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
 
 
p:  
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to SONIA Linked Interest Notes) 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference Currency 
is euro):[Second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference Currency 
is other than euro):[Second [specify type of day] prior to 
the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
 
[Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
[●] 
 
 
[Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred Notes 
and Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Non-Preferred] 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
17. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[ ] per cent Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) ending on (but 
excluding) [ ], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph 14 above.] 
 
18. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [ ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 16 
above.] 
 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction]: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
 Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Call 
Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [•] to (but excluding) [•][and each Interest 
Payment Date following [•]].] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) (Call) 
and method, if any, of calculation of 
such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
Condition 4(d)): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
 Redemption for tax reasons/ Redemption for 
regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): 
 
 
(i)          Redemption for tax reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)   Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call): 
 
 
 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only applicable for Senior 
Notes) 
 
 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Subordinated Notes)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
(iii)      Modification following an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event / Regulatory 
Event or Tax Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
 Redemption at the Option of the Noteholder 
(Put Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out in 
Condition 4 (e)): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
 Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
 Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation or 
regulatory reasons or on event of default or other 
early redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
 Instalment Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note, which is exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice].  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) in excess thereof or other multiples of less than 
€100,000, the Permanent Global Note representing such 
Notes shall only be exchangeable to the Notes in 
definitive form on [●] days' notice/at any time should be 
disapplied). 
27. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this item relates 
to the place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which item 15(iv) relates]

--- Page 132 ---
132 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 Coupons need 
to be attached to each Definitive Note.  On and after the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the 
specified office of the Paying Agent in exchange for a 
further Coupon sheet.  Each Talon shall be deemed to 
mature in the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet 
matures.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 133 ---
133 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
 LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[●]] and admitted to the official list 
of [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[●]] with effect 
from [●].]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
 RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[not applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S & P:  [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's:  [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]:  [●]]] 
 
 
[●](Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [The rating [insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")

--- Page 134 ---
134 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]]  
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]]  
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK [but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2 009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Regulation")][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"] 
/ [and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]]  
 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
3. 
 INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the issue/offer, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
following statement: 
 
["[Certain of the [Joint Lead] Managers/The Lead Manager/the Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates (including 
[its] parent compan[y/ies]) [have/has] engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or 
commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary 
course of business.] Save as set out in the preceding sentence and save in respect of any fees payable to the 
[Joint Lead] Managers/Lead Manager/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer 
of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[●] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer: [●]

--- Page 136 ---
136 
(b) 
Estimated Net Proceeds: [●] 
 
(c) 
Estimated Total Expenses: [●]] 
5. 
 Fixed Rate Notes only YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
 Floating Rate Notes only HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [Reuters][●] [insert relevant 
code of information providers]]/[Not Applicable] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmark s established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]] 
7. 
 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced 
and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the 
import of such information]/[Not Applicable]. 
8. 
 OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 ISIN Code: 
[●] 
 Common Code: 
[●] 
 CFI 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not applicable] 
 FISN 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association 
of National Numbering Agencies or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not applicable] 
 New Global Note intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]   
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not

--- Page 137 ---
137 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]] 
 Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
 Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 Names and addresses of additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
9. 
 DISTRIBUTION 
 
 (i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 (ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(B) 
Date of Subscription Agreement: 
[   ] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 (iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 (iv) 
TEFRA: 
[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable]] 
 (v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If 
the Notes may constitute “packaged” products and 
no KID will be prepared “Applicable” should be 
specified.) 
 (vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 138 ---
138 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of each issue of a Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(i) 
in the ordinary course of its banking operations; or 
(ii) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects, meeting the Eligibility Green Criteria, Eligibility Social Criteria or Eligibility 
Sustainability Criteria (together, "Eligibility Criteria"). 
According to the Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any other criteria 
specified in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, Social Bond Framework or Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined 
below) and which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available in the investor relations section of the Issuer's webiste 
at https://istituzionale.bper.it ("Green Bond Framework", "Social Bond Framework" and "Sustainability Bond 
Framework"), may qualify as credible "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
For the purposes of this section:  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Sustainability Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
"Eligibility Green Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, 
which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at https://istituzionale.bper.it. An external 
reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Green Projects and issue an opinion based on the Eligibility 
Green Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Social Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework, 
which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at https://istituzionale.bper.it. An external 
reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Social Projects and issue an opinion based on the Social 
Eligibility Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Sustainability Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://istituzionale.bper.it. An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Sustainability Projects 
and issue an opinion based on the Eligibility Sustainability Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s 
website at https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved by the 
competent authority

--- Page 139 ---
139 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, “BPER Banca” 
or the “Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), operating in accordance 
with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company of the BPER Banca banking 
Group (the “BPER Group” or the “BPER Banca Group”), which was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of 
Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its final term ends on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. 
BPER officially entered in the Bank of Italy’s registers of banking groups on 7 August 1992 (Group No. 5387.6). The 
change of denomination from Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred 
on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER is 
registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce of Modena 
under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the Issue Date was Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided into 
1,413,263,512 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on November 2022).  
Since June 2009, following the inclusion of the Expandi market within the main market (MTA), which was implemented 
by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as part of the broader rationalisation of Italy’s financial markets, BPER’s shares have been listed 
in the “Blue Chip” segment of the MTA (comprising the 72 largest companies measured by capitalisation). As of the 
date when the “Blue Chip” segment was substituted by the FTSE MIB BPER’s shares have been included in this stock 
market index. 
In September 2009, BPER’s shares were included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600, a major European index. This index is 
used as a benchmark by numerous European funds and is the underlying benchmark for futures contracts traded on the 
Frankfurt derivatives exchange.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena, a mutual company, whose founding objective 
was the financing of artisan and local business activities. In 1983, it was merged with Banca Cooperativa di Bologna, 
changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In January 1992, the BPER acquired Banca Popolare di Cesena and 
changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Ravenna”), and 
in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), consolidating its presence in Emilia 
Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of Banca 
Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del 
Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Crotone”). 
In 1996, BPER and Banca Popolare di Ravenna set up Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna (Europe) International S.A., 
successively named BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a., whose headquarters are located in Luxembourg and whose business 
focus is on private banking, investment management and corporate banking services. The private banking and investment 
management services are offered to international clients, including a wide array of specialized and tailor made services, 
such as investment advice and discretionary portfolio management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 
100% of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.. 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged to form a 
new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno”). Prior to the 
2008 merger, BPER acquired, through Banca Popolare del Materano, three small banks located in the South of Italy, 
notably, Banca Popolare della Val d’Agri S.p.A. and Banca Popolare del Sinni S.p.A. (both of which merged with Banca 
Popolare del Materano in 2000 and 2001, respectively) and Banca Popolare di Castrovillari e Corigliano Calabro S.p.A. 
which, in 2002, was merged by incorporation with Banca Popolare di Crotone. 
In 1998, BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A., which merged with Banca della Campania S.p.A. 
(“Banca della Campania”) on 28 December 2006. At the end of 1998, BPER acquired approximately 55 per cent of the 
share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). The acquisition, in 1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. 
(“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare

--- Page 140 ---
140 
dell’Irpinia S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania 
and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001, BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one of the 
largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and more than 10,000 
employees at that time. 
In June 2003, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form the banking 
entity Banca della Campania. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. by purchasing the remaining shares from Banche 
Popolari Unite S.c.p.A.. BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved to commence the merger by incorporation of ABF 
Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A.. Sardaleasing S.p.A. is a company operating in all leasing segments, with a 
distribution focus in the Sardinia region, originally owned by Banco di Sardegna, BPER and other minority shareholders. 
The merger was successfully completed in June 2014 and in the same month BPER acquired direct control of the 
company. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. 
In November 2005, BPER increased its shareholding in Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. to 94.49 per cent. 
In 2005, BPER – through an investment in a holding company (Finbanche d’Abruzzo S.p.A.) – indirectly increased its 
equity interest in both Carispaq and BPLS. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
At the end of 2008, the BPER acquired 36 branches from three banks part of the Unicredito Italiano banking group 
(Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., BIPOP Carire S.p.A. and Banca di Roma S.p.A.). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a result, BPER 
– among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (“BNT”), a bank specialised in agricultural 
loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which specialises in non-life insurance. The latter 
two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, the 
BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the four banking 
shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in accordance 
with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the existing and future 
portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted and/or held by BNT. 
The notes, issued by the SPV in a single tranche, were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially in 
proportion to their respective interests. 
In June 2010, BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca Vita to Unipol 
Gruppo S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In 2009, the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca Italease”). The 
implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. (“Release”) and Alba 
Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of Banca Italease were contributed 
to these companies, in particular, its impaired assets went to Release, while its performing loans deriving from the 
banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In July 2010, the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER, its parent company, was approved. 
On 17 February 2012, BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of the 
company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on trust matters. 
The company commenced business in the early 2013.  
In November 2012 it took place the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER. 
In January 2013, BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, BPLS and 
BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully concluded the merger of the Merged 
Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to implement a major project of internal reorganisation, notably,

--- Page 141 ---
141 
the absorption of three subsidiary banks (Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare 
di Ravenna) by BPER. 
In February 2013, BPER completed process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. (“CR Bra”). 
As a result, CR Bra was included within the scope of Group’s consolidation. 
A new company, part of the BPER Group, was set up in December 2015 – BPER Credit Management s.cons.p.a. – in 
order to review the model for handling non-performing loans. The corporate purpose of the company is “the recovery 
and management of non-performing loans and any other operations designed to facilitate their disposal and/or collection”, 
became operative since January 2016. 
In 2016, BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – originally a 
subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – transferring 55 branches from Banca di 
Sassari to Banco di Sardegna with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari to focus on consumer credit lending activity 
and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di Sassari changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016, BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. (“CR Saluzzo”), 
thus increasing its shareholding from 31.02% to 80%. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER 
Banca was effective as of the same day. 
On 30 June 2017, BPER completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara 
S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”) from the Single Resolution Fund. 
In November 2017, the merger through absorption of Nuova Carife into BPER took place, with accounting and tax effects 
having been backdated as of July 2017. 
BPER Group's Non Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of bad loans at a Group 
level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 years, of which approximately Euro 
3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori Sardegna” and “AQUI”) were finalised within 2018. 
The Board of Directors of BPER approved the Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon, which took into 
consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the SREP Decision 2018. 
In March 2021 BPER Banca approved the new NPE Strategy 2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version, which is currently 
undergoing further revision. 
On 7 July 2020, the Group completed the sale, to an institutional investor, of 95% of the mezzanine and junior tranches 
of securities issued as part of the Spring bad loan securitisation, with a gross book value of € 1.2 billion as at 30 September 
2019 (“Spring”). 
In December 2020 BPER Banca completed a new securitisation of a bad loan portfolio (“Summer”).  In detail, BPER 
Banca and Banco di Sardegna sold a portfolio of bad loans for a gross book value of € 270.8 million at the reference date 
of 31 July 2020. In exchange for the sale, the relevant vehicle issued three different classes of securities for a total of € 
96.4 million. In April the GACS state guarantee was granted in relation to the Summer senior securities, the nominal 
value of which was originally equal to Euro 85.4 million. 
In the first half of 2021, the BPER Group prepared and partially executed several sales, mostly of "portfolios", involving 
positions classified as “Unlikely-ToPay” (“UTP”), to investors and mutual funds specialised in credit recovery 
management, for a gross value (receivable) of around Euro 510 million. 
The first of the transactions involved the transfer of a loan portfolio, carried out in the first half of March 2021, to the 
Efesto Fund, active in the acquisition and management of UTP and managed by Finanziaria Internazionale Investments 
SGR with the help of Italfondiario s.p.a. (a doValue group company) as exclusive servicer, for a gross book value of 
approximately Euro 122 million. 
At the beginning of April 2021, a second sale of a further UTP portfolio was finalised, following a competitive process 
known as the "Project Winter", which saw the participation of the main market operators. It involved the sale of a 
portfolio of loans with a gross value of around Euro 248 million by BPER Banca and Banco di Sardegna to Intrum and 
Deva Capital. 
A third sale transaction was carried out in May 2021, through the contribution by BPER of a portfolio of secured UTPs 
with a gross value of around Euro 52 million to the "Back2Bonis" fund managed by Prelios SGR. 
A fourth transaction, involving the sale of a portfolio of corporate receivables classified as UTP, for a gross value of 
approximately € 41.3 million, was finalised in the second quarter, through the contribution of these receivables to the 
specialised investment fund known as the "iCCT Fund" and managed by Illimity SGR, with the simultaneous subscription 
of the related units issued by the same fund.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
The second quarter also saw the completion of a massive UTP sale involving "small ticket" positions, which involved a 
"portfolio" of over 3,000 debtors with a gross value of €2.2 million, as well as single name sales in the corporate segment 
for a further €4 million. 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP loans to specialised investors was finalised, for a gross 
value of €41 million, in addition to those already commented on above. 
On 23 July 2021, the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) with a gross 
value of Euro 82.5 million to a professional investor against payment in cash (the "Mandalorian" transaction) was 
finalised. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally commenced (by means of a legal transfer to an SPV) the activities aimed at 
a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 2021 by means of a 
securitisation transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements to be assisted by GACS. 
On 22 July 2019, BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in LCA and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in LCA, for a 
total of 39.99% of the share capital of Arca Holding, which in turn holds all the shares of Arca Fondi SGR. 
On 25 July 2019, BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital and a 
stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds 100% of the ordinary 
share capital and, approximately, 91.18% of the preferred shares. 
On 31 July 2019, BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group S.p.A. and 
UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
From 25 November 2019, the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was effective. 
Therefore, from such date assets and liabilities of Unipol Banca were taken over by BPER. 
On 17 February 2020, BPER announced it entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (“ISP”) pursuant 
to which, upon completion of the voluntary public exchange offer launched by the same ISP on the entire share capital 
of UBI Banca S.p.A. (“UBI”), BPER will purchase a going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million clients 
distributed on 400/500 banking branches, prevailingly located in the northern Italy, and of assets, liabilities and other 
legal relationships referable to such clients. 
On 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 BPER announced subsequent and supplementary agreements aiming at 
defining more precisely the perimeter of the going concern to be acquired. 
On 7 August 2020 the Italian Competition Authority announced that it authorised the acquisition by BPER of a going 
concern from ISP consisting of 532 branches and related legal relationships. 
On 3 September 2020, BPER announced that it received the authorisation from the European Central Bank for the 
acquisition from ISP of the going concern. 
On 22 April 2020, BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, separate and 
consolidated financial statement for 2019 and the proposal to grant the Board of Directors the power to increase the share 
capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the announced transaction with ISP. 
On 19 February 2021 BPER announced that final contracts were signed for the purchase from ISP of a series of banking 
assets split into three business units consisting of 486 branches and 134 operational units. The geographical distribution 
of the branches and operational units shows a high concentration in Northern Italy, particularly in Lombardy. 
The transfer to BPER Banca of the business units of UBI and UBISS s.c.p.a. took effect for legal purposes on 22 February 
2021, while the transfer of ISP business unit took effect on 21 June 2021.  
The total consideration paid to ISP for the series of banking assets including the three business units acquired was 
approximately € 644 million. The Common Equity Tier 1 of the business unit was equal to € 1,611 million. 
 
Strategy 
2019-2021 Business Plan 
On 28 February 2019, the BPER Group approved and presented to the market its three-year development plan, known 
as the “BPER 2021 Strategic Plan” (the “Plan”). These forecasts were then updated by later market communications, 
including: (i) the announcement of the agreement with ISP for the acquisition of a business complex represented by 
branches of the former-UBI on 17 February 2020 and (ii) the subsequent supplementary agreements, which defined more 
precisely the perimeter of the business complex and revised the mechanism for calculating its price. 
The Plan is divided into three pillars:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
growth and development of the business with a particular focus on Bancassurance, Wealth Management and 
Business Global Advisory, as well as Consumer Credit; 
 
strong increase in operational efficiency and simplification; and 
 
acceleration of de-risking and further capital strengthening. 
The emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in the current and future 
macroeconomic context has also had a substantial effect on the economic and financial dynamics of the BPER Group 
that were originally envisaged in the Plan. 
Without prejudice to the strategic directions embodied in the Plan, which are confirmed, BPER started working in April 
2020 on updating the forecasts by simulating alternatives for the growth prospects of the BPER Group. The Board of 
Directors of BPER has recognised both the substantial alteration of market prospects, due to the major change in the 
macroeconomic context caused by the emergency, and the latest forecasts for interest rates that show them in negative 
territory for an extended period, rather than making the recovery envisaged in the original Plan.  
Given this, the Board approved the updated financial forecasts for 2020-2021 of the BPER Group on 5 August 2020. 
This update also takes appropriate account of the change in the macroeconomic situation, the change in scope following 
the aggregation of Arca Holding – not envisaged in the original Plan – as well as the acquisition of the business complex 
according to the agreement with ISP and the related increase in capital, which for obvious reasons were not planned 
either. 
Below there is a summary of the main extraordinary transactions envisaged in the Plan and already carried out at the date 
of these Base Prospectus. 
- 
absorption of the BPER Services consortium by BPER Banca; 
- 
acquisition from the Unipol Group of 100% of Unipol Banca (and therefore, indirectly, of Finitalia) and its 
subsequent absorption by BPER Banca; 
- 
disposal to the Unipol Group, at the same time, of a portfolio of bad loans totalling about Euro 1 billion; 
- 
significant reduction in the Group's minorities by purchasing the minority interests in Banco di Sardegna; 
- 
a further interest in Arca Holding (and therefore, indirectly, in Arca Fondi SGR); 
- 
absorption of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo by BPER Banca. 
Evolution of the operating machine and organisational simplification 
The Plan focuses strongly on cost containment, to be achieved through rationalisation and simplification of the 
distribution model, corporate structure and internal processes, as well as by optimising the size of the workforce and 
reducing organisational complexity. Finally, further cost synergies are envisaged by creating a centre to specialise in the 
real estate sector (“Active Real Estate Management”). 
This took and will take place through: 
- 
evolution of the distribution model, reorganising the territorial footprint and introducing new branch formats; 
- 
rationalisation and simplification of the Group's corporate structure by BPER absorbing Unipol Banca, as was 
done in November 2019, and Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo, as was done in July 
2020, creating a complete range of product companies, strengthening the consumer credit company;  
- 
the optimisation of operations and the continuous IT evolution with the aim of increasing process productivity 
through the dematerialisation and creation of control and governance tools, the activation of robotics systems 
and Artificial Intelligence, extension of the use of cloud technologies to promote commercial effectiveness and 
operational efficiency; and 
- 
staff reduction of 1,300 resources by 2021; 
- 
the above mentioned transaction with ISP. 
It should be noted that 2021 is the last year of the Plan. After the new Board of Directors and the Managing Director 
took office, the preparatory activities for the business plan, which will guide the activities of the BPER Group for the 
next three years, were started. Approval of the new plan is expected between the end of 2021 and the first few months of 
2022.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
Acceleration of de-risking, confirming maximum capital solidity 
The de-risking process, already undertaken by BPER in recent years, is expected to be further strengthened thanks to the 
introduction of new credit management processes, with particular focus on the continuation of activities aimed at 
reducing non-performing loans. In addition to the evolution of the credit management process, both in the underwriting 
phase and in the proactive management of ordinary loans at the first signs of anomaly (also through the anticipated use 
of forbearance) and recovery of non-performing loans (efficiency of the work-out and outsourcing process). 
The strategic directions identified in the Plan include objectives for reducing the portfolio of non-performing loans; as 
already mentioned, this strategic objective, pursued with determination by the Group in recent years, has most likely 
been affected by the economic crisis caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
In this regard, as mentioned in the previous paragraphs, in March 2021 BPER approved the new NPE Strategy 2021-
2023 in a "stand-alone" version, a document required annually by the ECB, which is currently undergoing further revision, 
with a significant improvement in targets. 
Operations to strengthen capital and capital management actions 
In July 2019, as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna as described here above, BPER Board of 
Directors, on the basis of the power granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 4 July 2019, resolved 
upon a capital increase for 33,000,000 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. Consequently, since 25 July 2019 the share 
capital of BPER was Euro 1,542,925,305.00 divided into 514,308,435 shares. On the same date, again as a consequence 
of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna, BPER issued an "Additional Tier 1" convertible bond for a nominal amount 
of Euro 150,000,000, which was simultaneously and entirely subscribed for a total price of Euro 180,000,000. 
On 7 November 2019 the Board of Directors of BPER, in the context of the resolutions concerning the voluntary public 
exchange offer on the saving shares of Banco di Sardegna, resolved to exercise the powers granted by the Extraordinary 
Shareholders Meeting held on 4 July 2019, concerning a capital increase against payment, in divisible form, to service 
such offer. The Board of Directors resolved upon a capital increase for a maximum of 7,883,368 newly issued BPER 
ordinary shares. 
On 20 December 2019 BPER announced that 6,319,513 BPER ordinary shares were issued the day before as a result of  
the capital increase in order to serve the above offer. Consequently, since 19 December 2019 the share capital of BPER 
was Euro 1,561,883,844.00 divided into 520,627,948 shares. 
On 30 July 2020 Banco di Sardegna Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting and Banco di Sardegna Special Saving and 
Preferred Shareholders Meeting were held. As a result, inter alia, the conversion of Banco di Sardegna saving shares into 
preferred shares was approved. Once the process was completed, the relevant Banco di Sardegna Articles of Association 
was duly updated and the full delisting of Banco di Sardegna saving shares duly followed. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER 
Banca was effective as of the same day. 
As a result of CR Bra’s absorption, the share capital of the BPER increased by Euro 3,712,500 through the issue of 
1,237,500 BPER common shares, by simultaneously amending Article 5 of the Articles of Association. No effect on 
BPER's share capital derived from the incorporation of CR Saluzzo as it was fully owned. 
The above mentioned right issue approved in order to fund the transaction with ISP was successfully completed on 
October 2020: 891.398.064 new common shares offered were fully subscribed for an amount of Euro 802,258,257.60. 
Consequently, since 28 October 2020 the share capital of BPER is Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided into 1,413,263,512 
shares. 
A Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued under this EMTN programme in November 2020 for a total aggregate amount of 
Euro 400 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives the issuer a call option for its early redemption 5 years 
after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon of 3.625% for the first 5 years, with a subsequent reset for any residual 
maturity. The issue was placed entirely with institutional investors. 
Following the relevant ECB authorization, BPER exercised the call option on the subordinated bond "Banca Popolare 
dell’Emilia Romagna Subordinato Tier II 4.25% 15/06/2015 - 15/06/2025 Callable", with consequent early redemption 
of the aforementioned bond at par. The bond was repaid in advance of the deadline of 15 June 2025 and the resulting 
amount was credited with a value date of 15 December 2020. 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 June 2021 is as shown here below.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
SITUATION AS AT 30/06/2021 
 
 
 
 
a) Equivalent to 99.180% of the entire Share Capital 
consisting of ordinary and preference shares. 
b) The following Companies are also shareholders of 
BPER Credit Management S.C.p.A.: 
- Sardaleasing S.p.A. (6.000%); 
- Bibanca S.p.A. (3.000%); 
- Emilia Romagna Factor S.p.A. (1.000%). 
c) Subsidiary companies consolidated under the equity method. 
d) Subsidiary company which is not member of the banking 
group since it does not contribute directly to its activities. 
 
Optima S.p.A. - SIM 
100,000% 
 
Nadia S.p.A. 
100,000% 
In addition to the above members of the 
banking group, the scope of consolidation 
also includes the following subsidiary 
companies which are not members of the 
banking group since they do not contribute 
directly to its activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the 
equity method of the Parent Company: 
- Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
- Italiana Valorizzazioni Immobiliari S.r.l. 
(100%); 
- Sifà S.p.A. (100%). 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100,000% 
BPER Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
100,000% 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
57,061% 
(d) 
78,569% 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
100,00% 
Estense CPT Covered 
Bond S.r.l.  
60,000% 
(c) 
68,339% 
Modena Terminal S.r.l. 
100,000% 
Estense Covered 
BondS.r.l.  
60,000% 
(c) 
52,741% 
70,000% 
Bibanca S.p.A. 
99,091% 
20,522% 
31,661% 
Numera S.p.A. 
100,000% 
46,933% 
BPER Credit Management 
S.C.p.A.  
100,000% 
(b) 
20,000% 
 
Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(a) 
BPER Trust Company 
S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(c) 
 
Emilia Romagna Factor 
S.p.A. 
99,057% 
 
Sardaleasing S.p.A. 
99,674%

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di Sardegna. 
As at 30 June 2021, Banco di Sardegna employed 2,164 staff and had 328 branches; its total direct and indirect 
deposits amounted to Euro 16,233,048 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 7,507 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.569 and 20.522 per cent 
of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2021, Bibanca employed 160 staff and had no branches; 
its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 247,415 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) whilst net profit 
was Euro 9,769 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.. As at 30 June 2021, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 24 staff and had 1 branch; its total direct and 
indirect deposits amounted to Euro 2,571,452 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 2,849 thousand. 
 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairperson). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Flavia Mazzarella 
Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Piero Luigi Montani3 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Riccardo Barbieri 
Deputy Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Cristiano Cincotti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Alessandro Robin Foti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Roberto Giay 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Director 
21/04/2021 
                                                          
3 Following the resignation of Alessandro Vandelli with effect from 4 August 2021, Piero Luigi Montani is currently either CEO and General 
Manager.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
Marisa Pappalardo 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gian Luca Santi 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Elisa Valeriani4 
Director 
23/06/2021 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Stefano Rossetti 
Deputy General Manager (Vice) 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are 
referred to as Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the by-laws of BPER to meet monthly and at any other time when a 
meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under 
the by-laws of BPER. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee5, the chief executive 
officer and the general management such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it shall 
consider appropriate. 
 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other duties 
concerning the members of the Issuer's administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior 
Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted to the competent corporate 
bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance with the laws and regulations in 
force. 
 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as 
amended and Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and 
managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise from, among others, any activities of the members of the 
Issuer's administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives outside of the Issuer, 
                                                          
4 Elisa Valeriani was appointed at the Shareholders’ Meeting of 23 June 2021 following the resignation of Alessandra Ruzzu with effect 
from 20 May 2021. 
5 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
to ensure, where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to guarantee that related 
party transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of law. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal document 
called "Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest with 
related parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favorable opinion of the committee 
composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, the transparency 
and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated parties and related 
parties. The aforementioned policy is published on BPER's website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Bank, 
as well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to below, aimed 
at regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) article 53 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the 
obligation of abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, 
without prejudice to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) article 136 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the adoption 
of a particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken unanimously with the 
exclusion of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favorable vote of all the members of the 
control body ) in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind or carries out transactions, directly 
or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, management and control functions within the same 
bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 58  of 24 February 1998 , which states that directors 
are required to report to the board of statutory auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, on 
their own or on behalf of third parties, or which are influenced by the person exercising the management 
and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the 
board of statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they have 
in a specific company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of the administration 
concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out the transaction. In any 
case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and convenience for the 
company of the transaction; and 
(v) article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the New Prudential 
Supervisory Provisions. 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Daniela Travella 
 
Chairperson 
 
23/06/2021 
Paolo De Mitri 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
Shareholders 
As at 24 September 2021 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows:  
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
18.89%

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22% 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s: 
Short-term Bank Deposit Rating: P-3; 
Long-term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa3 with “stable” outlook; 
Long-term Issuer Rating: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”): Ba2; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook. 
Fitch: 
Long-term Issuer Default Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: B; 
Viability Rating: bb+; 
Long-term Senior Preferred Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinated debt: BB-; 
Long-term Deposit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-term Deposit Rating: F3. 
Each of Moody’s France SAS and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) is established in the European 
Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Fitch and Moody’s is included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Overview 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and providing 
credit to customers who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized businesses, through 
the parent company BPER which operates throughout the country whilst Banco di Sardegna operates mainly in 
Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate and 
Investment Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial products including 
leasing and factoring. 
As at 30 June 2021, net interest income comes to Euro 728.3 million (Euro 1,238.9 million as at 31 December 
2020). 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2020 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of the 
community, households and businesses.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
In 2020 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising existing 
proposals and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative terms, 
with a view to becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most advanced customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales proposals 
based on their specific needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain cases linked to 
international projects that Italian companies have put in place to offset the decline in domestic demand. 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance 
(renewables, conventional energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues offering 
expert advice to Corporate customers of the Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, Corporate and 
Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2020, the Group’s network consisted of 1,237  branches located throughout the country, as well 
as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 93,061,7836 
thousand.  
As at 30 June 2021 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,852 branches located in 19 Italian regions and one 
branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with a domestic market share, updated to 31 October 2020, 
of 8.16%7. 
As at 31 March 2021, on the Italian banking scene, the BPER Group ranks fifth by total assets consisting of Euro 
129 billion. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 13,177 persons as at 31 December 2020. 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s employees. 
 
Employees 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
10,355 
 
10,748 
 
(393) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
22 
 
2 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
 
138 
 
144 
 
(6) 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,231 
 
2,468 
 
(237) 
Total banks  
 
12,748 
 
13,382 
 
(634) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
429 
 
423 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
13,177 
 
13,805 
 
(628) 
                                                          
6 This data is taken from the BPER consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the measurement 
method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific reference to properties held 
for investment purposes. 
7 Source: Planus Corp. analysis of Regulatory Reports.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
Branches 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
908 
 
1,006 
 
(98) 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
329 
 
343 
 
(14) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,237 
 
1,349 
 
(112) 
5. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total 
 
1,238 
 
1,350 
 
(112) 
 
The following tables show the same information comparing 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 data. 
  
Employees 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
15,317 
 
10,355 
 
4,962 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
24 
  
- 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
160 
 
138 
 
22 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,164 
 
2,231 
  
(67) 
Total banks  
 
17,665 
 
12,748 
 
4,917 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
435 
 
429 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
18,100 
 
13,177 
 
4,923 
 
 
The acquisition of the business units from ISP resulted in an increase in the workforce of 5,107 resources. 
  
Branches 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
1,524 
 
908 
 
616 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
328 
 
329 
  
(1) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,852 
 
1,237 
 
615 
3. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
  
- 
Total  
 
1,853 
 
1,238 
 
615 
 
 
The change during the six-month period is due to the acquisition of the business units from ISP. 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 2020 
and 31 December 2019. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
 
2020
 
2019
Net Interest income 
 
1,238,876
 
1,164,539
Net commission income 
 
1,072,514
 
931,950
Net interest and other banking income 
 
2,468,047
 
2,224,583
Net income from financial activities 
 
1,923,667
 
1,775,313
Operating costs 
 
(1,717,966)
 
(1,708,387)

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
 
203,622
 
416,898
Profit (Loss) for the year 
 
270,667
 
394,452
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
 
245,650
 
379,583
BPER Group consolidated figures for the year ended 31 December 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2020
 
2019
Net Loans to customer 
53,005,879
 
52,006,038
             - of which net bad loans 
726,731
 
1,171,281
Net interbank position 
(10,324,401)
 
(9,891,324)
Financial assets  
24,661,915
 
18,956,906
Total assets 
93,050,838
 
79,033,498
Direct deposits 
63,140,669
 
58,055,608
Indirect deposits 
114,775,96
 
110,623,352
             - of which managed 
42,719,321
 
41,714,305
             - of which administered 
72,056,648
 
68,909,047
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
 
2020
2019
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
 
(634,984)
377,867
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
 
(223,132)
(375,999)
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
 
772,965
105,511
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
 
(85,151)
107,379
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 as 
previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. Investors 
should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider these measures 
as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash flows from operating, 
investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), or 
as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to any other measures of 
performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not indicative of BPER 
Group’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. These measures are 
used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and the operations. Since all 
companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, BPER Group’s presentation may not be 
consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors should not place undue reliance 
on this data.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Performance ratios8 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
20199 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.96% 
65.80% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
83.95% 
89.58% 
Financial assets/total assets 
26.50% 
23.99% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
7.84% 
11.07% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
4.02% 
5.77% 
Texas ratio10 
55.39% 
79.04% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE11  
4.58% 
8.66% 
ROTE12  
5.25% 
9.92% 
ROA13  
0.29% 
0.50% 
Cost to income ratio14 
65.30% 
74.11% 
Cost of credit risk15 
1.01% 
0.86% 
 
                                                          
8 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources of 
information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified statements prepared 
from a management point of view. 
9 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 
2019. 
10 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-
performing loans. 
11 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. 
12 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit and intangible assets. 
13 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
14 The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is 
at 69.61% (76.80% at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2019). 
15 The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
2019 
Own Funds (Phased in)16 (in thousands of Euro) 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 5,928,350 
4,828,807 
Own Funds 
 7,094,229 
5,839,914 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 33,501,647 
34,721,277 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in17  
17.70% 
13.91% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in18 
18.15% 
14.35% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in19  
21.18% 
16.82% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Loaded20  
15.90% 
12.01% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in21 
6.9% 
6.1% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Loaded22  
6.1% 
5.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
200.1% 
158.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
123.7% 
114.0% 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Performance ratios23 
                                                          
16 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) relating to "Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds". Regulation introduced the transitional 
arrangement (or so-called "Phased In") giving banks a chance to spread the effect on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from March 2018 
to December 2022), sterilizing the impact on CET1 by applying decreasing percentages over time. The BPER Banca Group chose to adopt 
the so-called "static approach" to be applied to the impact from comparing the IAS 39 adjustments at 31 December 2017 and the IFRS 9 
adjustments at 1 January 2018. 
17 It should be noted that the Phased in capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased in, 15.60% for the T1 Ratio Phased in 
and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased in if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition of going concern from the 
Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
18 See previous note. 
19 See previous note. 
20 The CET1 ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account the 
result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9. 
It should also be noted that such ratio is equal to 13.52% if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition of going 
concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
21 The ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
22 The Leverage Ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account 
the result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of 
IFRS9. 
23 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators”, 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources of 
information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement captions of the reclassified statements 
providing an operational management pint of view.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2021 
202024 
 
 
 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.59% 
56.96% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
77.45% 
83.95% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.08% 
26.50% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
5.65% 
7.84% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
2.82% 
4.02% 
Texas ratio25 
51.27% 
55.37% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE26  
11.11% 
4.41% 
ROTE27 
12.30% 
5.06% 
ROA28  
0.53% 
0.28% 
Cost to income ratio29 
69.53% 
66.97% 
Cost of credit risk30 
0.76% 
0.56% 
 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2021 
202031 
 
 
 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)32 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
6,625,653 
5,931,675 
Total Own Funds 
 
7,837,843 
7,097,554 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 
45,619,802 
33,487,963 
 
 
 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
14.52% 
17.71% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.85% 
18.16% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
17.18% 
21.19% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Phased  
13.52% 
15.81% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in33 
4.9% 
6.9% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Phased34  
4.5% 
6.1% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
215.9% 
200.1% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
138.6% 
123.7% 
 
                                                          
24 The comparative balance sheet ratios, including ROE, ROTE and ROA, and the income statement ratios have been calculated respectively 
on figures at 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2020 which take into account the effects of the retrospective application of the change in the 
measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
25 The Texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment provisions for non-performing 
loans.  
26 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s average 
shareholders’ equity not including net profit.  
27 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s average 
shareholders’ equity not including net profit and intangible assets.  
28 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the period including net profit for the period pertaining to minority interests (annualised for its 
€ 189.7 mln ordinary component only) on total assets.  
29The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is 
at 75.54% (70.40% at 30 June 2020 as per the restated income statement to be found in the paragraph “Restatement of the BPER Group’s 
reclassified consolidated income statement as at 30 June 2020” in the section “Annexes” to the Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 
2021).  
30The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.  
31 The comparative ratios have been calculated respectively on figures at 31 December 2020 which include the effects of the retrospective 
application of the change in the measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
32Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) 
relating to “Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds”. The Regulation introduced the transitional (Phase-in) 
regime offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from March 2018 to December 
2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back factors over time. The BPER Group elected to apply 
the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment losses under IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 to impairment 
losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018.  
33 Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 62/2015.  
34 See previous note.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the loans of the 
BPER Group (after provisions have been made). 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Current accounts 
3,668,713 
4,841,510 
(1,172,797) 
-24.22 
Mortgage loans 
35,355,336 
32,540,195 
2,815,141 
8.65 
Repurchase Agreement 
83,949 
591,175 
(507,226) 
-85.80 
Leases and factoring 
3,966,030 
3,833,890 
132,140 
3.45 
Other transactions 
9,931,851 
10,199,268 
(267,417) 
-2.62 
Net loans to customers  
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
Loans to customers, net of impairment provisions, totalled Euro 53,005.9 million (Euro 52,006.0 million at 31 
December 2019) up by Euro 999.8 million since 31 December 2019. 
As regards the various technical forms, the increase particularly affects mortgage loans for Euro 2,815.1 million, 
while there was a decrease in current accounts for Euro 1,172.8 million and repurchase agreements for Euro 
507.2 million. The increase in mortgage loans is also attributable to the disbursement of loans to support the 
economy during the health emergency, including disbursements guaranteed by the State, mainly to the retail and 
small business segment. 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,342,940 
 6,122,541 
(1,779,601) 
-29.07 
Bad loans 
 2,076,384 
 3,448,761 
(1,372,377) 
-39.79 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 2,125,247 
 2,478,777 
(353,530) 
-14.26 
Past due loans 
 
141,309 
 
195,003 
(53,694) 
-27.53 
Gross performing exposures 
51,047,978 
49,169,481 
1,878,497 
3.82 
Total gross exposure 
55,390,918 
55,292,022 
98,896 
0.18 
Impairment provisions for non-performing 
 2,212,728 
 3,124,116 
(911,388) 
-29.17 
Bad loans 
 1,349,653 
 2,277,480 
(927,827) 
-40.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
831,394 
 
818,231 
13,163 
1.61 
Past due loans 
 
31,681 
 
28,405 
3,276 
11.53 
Impairment 
provisions 
for 
performing 
 
172,311 
 
161,868 
10,443 
6.45 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,385,039 
 3,285,984 
(900,945) 
-27.42 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,130,212 
 2,998,425 
(868,213) 
-28.96 
Bad loans 
 
726,731 
 1,171,281 
(444,550) 
-37.95 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,293,853 
 1,660,546 
(366,693) 
-22.08 
Past due loans 
 
109,628 
 
166,598 
(56,970) 
-34.20 
Net performing exposures 
50,875,667 
49,007,613 
1,868,054 
3.81 
Total net exposure 
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
At 31 December 2020, the impairment provisions relating to non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,212.7 
million (Euro 3,124.1 million at 31 December 2019; -29.17%), for a coverage ratio of 50.95% (51.03% at 31 
December 2019), while impairment provisions relating to performing loans amount to Euro 172.3 million (Euro 
161.9 million at 31 December 2019; +6.45%), leading to a coverage ratio of 0.34% (0.33% at 31 December 
2019), which still reflects the high credit quality of the Group's performing portfolio, despite having been affected 
by the negative consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Considering the direct write-offs of bad loans still outstanding, Euro 302.9 million (Euro 444.0 million at 31 
December 2019), the coverage ratio increases to 54.15% (54.34% at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
The total coverage ratio is therefore 4.31%, down compared with 5.94% at 31 December 2019. Based on the 
same considerations made above concerning direct write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes to 
4.83% (6.69% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)   
Loans 
to 
customers 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
44,871,402 
42,422,442 
0.91 
2.74 
3.74 
2. BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
214,109 
205,363 
248,608 
240,039 
-13.88 
-14.45 
4.08 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
1,299,644 
1,282,601 
12.22 
11.97 
1.53 
4. 
Banco 
di 
Sardegna s.p.a.  
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
8,052,242 
7,550,322 
-5.24 
-4.16 
5.16 
Total banks 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
54,471,896 
51,495,404 
0.21 
1.88 
3.89 
5. 
Sardaleasing 
s.p.a.  
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
3,356,780 
3,081,446 
0.54 
2.02 
6.85 
6. 
Emil-Ro 
Factor s.p.a.  
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
1,090,696 
1,071,966 
-2.22 
-2.25 
1.75 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
612,956 
598,349 
593,824 
578,396 
3.22 
3.45 
2.38 
Other 
companies and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,221,174) 
(4,221,174) 
0.64 
0.64 
- 
Total 
of 
balance sheet 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
55,292,022 
52,006,038 
0.18 
1.92 
4.31 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,130.2 million (-28.96% compared with 31 December 2019), equal 
to 4.02% of total net loans to customers (5.77% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis, the ratio 
between non-performing loans and loans to customers comes to 7.84% (11.07% at 31 December 2019).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), net 
unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019) and net past 
due loans amount to Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019). 
The level of coverage (50.95%) is essentially in line with the figure at the end of 2019 (51.03%).  
The reduction in the proportion of the non-performing portfolio to total loans, both gross and net, is affected by 
the sale of bad loans and unlikely to pay loans carried out in 2020 (the main ones being the Spring and Summer 
GACS-backed securitisations completed in the second half of the year for a gross carrying amount at the date of 
sale of Euro 1.3 billion). On the other hand, this derisking did not have a significant impact on the average 
coverage of the non-performing portfolio, which remained close to 51%.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(in thousands)   
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
2,998,231 
1,424,112 
4,421,953 
2,095,214 
-32.20 
-32.03 
52.50 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
10,000 
1,517 
9,898 
1,776 
1.03 
-14.58 
84.83 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
50,236 
32,116 
35,434 
23,397 
41.77 
37.27 
36.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
743,536 
373,831 
983,153 
497,976 
-24.37 
-24.93 
49.72 
Total banks 
3,802,003 
1,831,576 
5,450,438 
2,618,363 
-30.24 
-30.05 
51.83 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
501,749 
284,846 
624,791 
360,570 
-19.69 
-21.00 
43.23 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
24,446 
8,392 
29,109 
12,494 
-16.02 
-32.83 
65.67 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
14,742 
5,398 
18,203 
6,998 
-19.01 
-22.86 
63.38 
Total of balance sheet 
4,342,940 
2,130,212 
6,122,541 
2,998,425 
-29.07 
-28.96 
50.95 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
4,645,856 
2,130,212 
6,566,580 
2,998,425 
-29.25 
-28.96 
54.15 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
7.84% 
4.02% 
11.07% 
5.77% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), representing 1.37% 
of total net loans to customers (2.25% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of bad loans to 
total loans to customers comes to 3.75% (6.24% at 31 December 2019). 
The coverage of bad loans is 65.00% (66.04% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)   
Bad loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,326,248 
423,770 
2,463,892 
776,859 
-46.17 
-45.45 
68.05 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
6,104 
- 
6,004 
262 
1.67 
-100.00 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
9,452 
2,640 
7,312 
1,521 
29.27 
73.57 
72.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
451,382 
190,828 
613,293 
249,194 
-26.40 
-23.42 
57.72 
Total banks 
1,793,186 
617,238 
3,090,501 
1,027,836 
-41.98 
-39.95 
65.58 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
252,486 
101,120 
321,987 
131,725 
-21.59 
-23.23 
59.95 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
20,786 
5,331 
23,613 
7,647 
-11.97 
-30.29 
74.35 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
9,926 
3,042 
12,660 
4,073 
-21.60 
-25.31 
69.35 
Total of balance sheet 
2,076,384 
726,731 
3,448,761 
1,171,281 
-39.79 
-37.95 
65.00 
Direct write-offs of bad 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,379,300 
726,731 
3,892,800 
1,171,281 
-38.88 
-37.95 
69.46 
Bad loans (Total of balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
3.75% 
1.37% 
6.24% 
2.25% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely to pay loans total Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019), representing 
2.44% of total net loans to customers (3.19% at 31 December 2019), while on a gross basis the ratio is 3.84% 
(4.48% at 31 December 2019). 
The coverage of unlikely to pay loans has increased since the end of 2019 to 39.12%, compared with 33.01% at 
31 December 2019.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
(in thousands)   
Unlikely to pay loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,618,665 
958,838 
1,846,503 
1,221,479 
-12.34 
-21.50 
40.76 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
3,896 
1,517 
3,894 
1,514 
0.05 
0.20 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
6,807 
4,099 
7,139 
4,715 
-4.65 
-13.06 
39.78 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
259,957 
157,305 
332,535 
216,927 
-21.83 
-27.48 
39.49 
Total banks 
1,889,325 
1,121,759 
2,190,071 
1,444,635 
-13.73 
-22.35 
40.63 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
230,536 
168,680 
281,588 
210,722 
-18.13 
-19.95 
26.83 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
2,875 
2,322 
4,600 
4,003 
-37.50 
-41.99 
19.23 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,511 
1,092 
2,518 
1,186 
-0.28 
-7.93 
56.51 
Total of balance sheet 
2,125,247 
1,293,853 
2,478,777 
1,660,546 
-14.26 
-22.08 
39.12 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans 
to customers 
3.84% 
2.44% 
4.48% 
3.19% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019) represents 
0.21% of total net loans to customers (0.32% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past 
due loans to total loans to customers is 0.26% (0.35% at 31 December 2019). The coverage of past due loans is 
22.42% (14.57% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)   
Past due loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
53,318 
41,504 
111,558 
96,876 
-52.21 
-57.16 
22.16 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
33,977 
25,377 
20,983 
17,161 
61.93 
47.88 
25.31 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
32,197 
25,698 
37,325 
31,855 
-13.74 
-19.33 
20.19 
Total banks 
119,492 
92,579 
169,866 
145,892 
-29.66 
-36.54 
22.52 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
18,727 
15,046 
21,216 
18,123 
-11.73 
-16.98 
19.66 
5. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
785 
739 
896 
844 
-12.39 
-12.44 
5.86 
6. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,305 
1,264 
3,025 
1,739 
-23.80 
-27.31 
45.16 
Total of balance sheet 
141,309 
109,628 
195,003 
166,598 
-27.53 
-34.20 
22.42 
Past due loans/Loans to 
0.26% 
0.21% 
0.35% 
0.32% 
 
 
 
 
The distribution of loans to non-financial corporates is analysed by ATECO category below:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
(in thousands)   
Distribution of loans to non-financial corporates 
31.12.2020 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
791,820 
1.49 
B. Mining and quarrying 
36,394 
0.07 
C. Manufacturing 
7,666,955 
14.48 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
831,777 
1.57 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
378,636 
0.71 
F. Construction 
2,155,797 
4.07 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
4,436,218 
8.37 
H. Transport and storage 
1,469,699 
2.77 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,490,703 
2.81 
J. Information and communication 
324,337 
0.61 
L. Real estate 
3,118,663 
5.88 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
777,044 
1.47 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,124,495 
2.12 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2,303 
- 
P. Education 
33,612 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
411,109 
0.78 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
176,452 
0.33 
S. Other services 
346,544 
0.65 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
25,572,558 
48.24 
Individuals and other not included above 
21,898,759 
41.32 
Financial corporates 
3,220,402 
6.08 
Insurance companies 
54,121 
0.10 
Governments and other public entities 
2,260,039 
4.26 
Total loans 
53,005,879 
100.00 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts 
4,765,615 
3,668,713 
1,096,902 
29.90 
Mortgage loans 
53,356,498 
35,355,336 
18,001,162 
50.91 
Repurchase agreements 
353,759 
83,949 
269,810 
321.40 
Leases and factoring 
3,949,789 
3,966,030 
(16,241) 
-0.41 
Other transactions 
13,864,641 
9,931,851 
3,932,790 
39.60 
Net loans to customers 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, total Euro 76,290.3 million (Euro 53,005.9 million at 31 December 2020) 
up by Euro 23,284.4 million since 31 December 2020. As regards the various technical forms, the increase 
particularly affects mortgage loans by an amount of Euro 18,001.2 million, current accounts by an amount of 
Euro 1,096.9 million and other transactions by an amount of Euro 3,932.8 million. The increase in mortgage 
loans, current accounts and other transactions is mainly due to the purchase of the UBI and ISP business units, 
which respectively took place on 22 February and 21 June 2021.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,469,717 
 4,342,940 
126,777 
2.92 
Bad loans 
 2,340,975 
 2,076,384 
264,591 
12.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,993,902 
 2,125,247 
(131,345) 
-6.18 
Past due loans 
 
134,840 
 
141,309 
(6,469) 
-4.58 
Gross performing exposures 
74,582,500 
51,047,978 
23,534,522 
46.10 
Total gross exposure 
79,052,217 
55,390,918 
23,661,299 
42.72 
Impairment 
provisions 
for 
non-performing 
exposures 
 2,316,945 
 2,212,728 
104,217 
4.71 
Bad loans 
 1,424,807 
 1,349,653 
75,154 
5.57 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
858,533 
 
831,394 
27,139 
3.26 
Past due loans 
 
33,605 
 
31,681 
1,924 
6.07 
Impairment provisions for performing exposures 
 
444,970 
 
172,311 
272,659 
158.24 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,761,915 
 2,385,039 
376,876 
15.80 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,152,772 
 2,130,212 
22,560 
1.06 
Bad loans 
 
916,168 
 
726,731 
189,437 
26.07 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,135,369 
 1,293,853 
(158,484) 
-12.25 
Past due loans 
 
101,235 
 
109,628 
(8,393) 
-7.66 
Net performing exposures 
74,137,530 
50,875,667 
23,261,863 
45.72 
Total net exposure 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
 
At the end of the first half of 2021, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 2,316.9 
million (Euro 2,212.7 million at 31 December 2020; +4.71%), for a coverage ratio of 51.84% (50.95% at 31 
December 2020), while the provisions for performing loans amount to Euro 445.0 million (Euro 172.3 million 
at 31 December 2020; +158.24%) and give a coverage ratio of 0.60%, on a significant uptrend since 2020 
(0.34%). The latter increase is mainly due to the overlays adopted as part of the updated ECL model and to the 
gradual recalibration of the risk parameters (IFRS 9 PD and LGD ) adopted under the ECL model. Considering 
the direct write-offs made for an amount of Euro 645.0 million (Euro 302.9 million at 31 December 2020) on 
outstanding bad loans due to insolvency procedures, the coverage ratio would rise to 57.91% (54.15% at 31 
December 2020). 
The total coverage ratio is 3.49%, down compared with the figure at 31 December 2020 (4.31%). Based on the 
same considerations made above concerning write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes to 4.27% 
(4.83% as at 31 December 2020).

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
(in thousands)   
Loans to customers 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
68,502,178 
66,467,154 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
51.28 
52.50 
2.97 
2. 
BPER 
Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
227,638 
218,714 
214,109 
205,363 
6.32 
6.50 
3.92 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
1,661,250 
1,637,293 
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
13.91 
14.01 
1.44 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
s.p.a.  
7,850,922 
7,433,603 
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
2.89 
2.73 
5.32 
Total banks 
78,241,988 
75,756,764 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
43.34 
44.40 
3.18 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
3,379,951 
3,135,225 
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
0.15 
-0.27 
7.24 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
1,057,656 
1,038,862 
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
-0.83 
-0.86 
1.78 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
616,999 
603,828 
612,956 
598,349 
0.66 
0.92 
2.13 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,244,377) 
(4,244,377) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
-0.09 
-0.09 
- 
Total of balance sheet 
79,052,217 
76,290,302 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
42.72 
43.93 
3.49 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,152.8 million (+1.06% on 31 December 2020), e to 2.82% of total 
net loans to customers (4.02% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing 
loans to loans to customers equates to 5.65% (7.84% at 31 December 2020).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% compared with 31 December 2020), 
net unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% compared with 31 December 2020) and net 
past due loans amount to Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020). 
The level of coverage of non-performing loans is 51.84% compared with 50.95% at the end of 2020. 
 
The reduction in the gross and net incidence of the NPL portfolio on total loans is attributable to the 
characteristics of the portfolios acquired with the UBI and ISP branches, as well as the de-risking measures 
implemented by the BPER Group in the first half of 2021; the change in the corresponding coverage ratio, on 
the other hand, is attributable not only to the influence of the portfolios of the branches acquired, but mainly to 
the further adjustments made during the period on the NPL portfolio, as explained in greater detail below in the 
commentary on the cost of credit for the half year.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
(in thousands)   
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
3,223,915 
1,552,525 
2,998,231 
1,424,112 
7.53 
9.02 
51.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.  
10,002 
1,518 
10,000 
1,517 
0.02 
0.07 
84.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
46,471 
27,999 
50,236 
32,116 
-7.49 
-12.82 
39.75 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
694,005 
320,766 
743,536 
373,831 
-6.66 
-14.19 
53.78 
Total banks 
3,974,393 
1,902,808 
3,802,003 
1,831,576 
4.53 
3.89 
52.12 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
458,591 
237,536 
501,749 
284,846 
-8.60 
-16.61 
48.20 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
24,364 
7,938 
24,446 
8,392 
-0.34 
-5.41 
67.42 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
12,369 
4,490 
14,742 
5,398 
-16.10 
-16.82 
63.70 
Total of balance sheet  
4,469,717 
2,152,772 
4,342,940 
2,130,212 
2.92 
1.06 
51.84 
Direct write-offs of bad 
loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
5,114,736 
2,152,772 
4,645,856 
2,130,212 
10.09 
1.06 
57.91 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
5.65% 
2.82% 
7.84% 
4.02% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% on 31 December 2020), accounting for 1.20% of total net 
loans to customers (1.37% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of bad loans to total loans 
to customers comes to 2.96% (3.75% at 31 December 2020). 
The coverage of bad loans is 60.86%, down from 65.00% at 31 December 2020.  
  
(in thousands)   
Bad loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,608,169 
647,551 
1,326,248 
423,770 
21.26 
52.81 
59.73 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
6,104 
- 
6,104 
- 
- 
n.s. 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,073 
2,631 
9,452 
2,640 
6.57 
-0.34 
73.88 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
440,219 
172,248 
451,382 
190,828 
-2.47 
-9.74 
60.87 
Total banks 
2,064,565 
822,430 
1,793,186 
617,238 
15.13 
33.24 
60.16 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
249,434 
87,905 
252,486 
101,120 
-1.21 
-13.07 
64.76 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
18,870 
3,309 
20,786 
5,331 
-9.22 
-37.93 
82.46 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
8,106 
2,524 
9,926 
3,042 
-18.34 
-17.03 
68.86 
Total of balance sheet 
2,340,975 
916,168 
2,076,384 
726,731 
12.74 
26.07 
60.86 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,985,994 
916,168 
2,379,300 
726,731 
25.50 
26.07 
69.32 
Bad loans (Total of balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
2.96% 
1.20% 
3.75% 
1.37% 
 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% on 31 December 2020), representing 1.49% of 
total net loans to customers (2.44% at 31 December 2020), while on ad gross basis the ratio is 2.52% (3.84% at 
31 December 2020). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased since the end of 2020 to 43.06%, compared with 39.12% at 
31 December 2020.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
 
(in thousands)   
Unlikely to pay loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,543,643 
850,015 
1,618,665 
958,838 
-4.63 
-11.35 
44.93 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
3,898 
1,518 
3,896 
1,517 
0.05 
0.07 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,636 
6,746 
6,807 
4,099 
56.25 
64.58 
36.57 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
229,732 
130,844 
259,957 
157,305 
-11.63 
-16.82 
43.04 
Total banks 
1,787,909 
989,123 
1,889,325 
1,121,759 
-5.37 
-11.82 
44.68 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
200,478 
143,318 
230,536 
168,680 
-13.04 
-15.04 
28.51 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
2,191 
1,519 
2,875 
2,322 
-23.79 
-34.58 
30.67 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
3,324 
1,409 
2,511 
1,092 
32.38 
29.03 
57.61 
Total of balance sheet 
1,993,902 
1,135,369 
2,125,247 
1,293,853 
-6.18 
-12.25 
43.06 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
2.52% 
1.49% 
3.84% 
2.44% 
 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020) represents 
0.13% of total net loans to customers (0.21% at 31 December 2020), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past 
due loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.26% at 31 December 2020). The coverage of past due loans is 
24.92% (22.42% at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands)   
Past due loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
72,103 
54,959 
53,318 
41,504 
35.23 
32.42 
23.78 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
25,762 
18,622 
33,977 
25,377 
-24.18 
-26.62 
27.72 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
24,054 
17,674 
32,197 
25,698 
-25.29 
-31.22 
26.52 
Total banks 
121,919 
91,255 
119,492 
92,579 
2.03 
-1.43 
25.15 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
8,679 
6,313 
18,727 
15,046 
-53.66 
-58.04 
27.26 
5. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
3,303 
3,110 
785 
739 
320.76 
320.84 
5.84 
6. Finitalia s.p.a. 
939 
557 
2,305 
1,264 
-59.26 
-55.93 
40.68 
Total of balance sheet   
134,840 
101,235 
141,309 
109,628 
-4.58 
-7.66 
24.92 
Past due loans/Loans to customers 
0.17% 
0.13% 
0.26% 
0.21% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of 
economic activity:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
 
(in thousands)   
Breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates 
30.06.2021 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,025,982 
1.34 
B. Mining and quarrying 
58,214 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
11,263,882 
14.77 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
787,738 
1.03 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
560,735 
0.74 
F. Construction 
3,194,404 
4.19 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,412,351 
8.41 
H. Transport and storage 
1,129,577 
1.48 
I.  Hotel and restaurants 
1,907,859 
2.50 
J.  Information and communication 
520,372 
0.68 
L. Real estate 
4,374,977 
5.73 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
1,469,928 
1.93 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,869,594 
2.45 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
6,413 
0.01 
P. Education 
93,643 
0.12 
Q. Health and welfare 
533,358 
0.70 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
217,019 
0.28 
S. Other services 
404,477 
0.53 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
35,830,523 
46.97 
Individuals and other not included above 
33,966,140 
44.52 
Financial corporates 
3,915,396 
5.13 
Insurance 
51,741 
0.07 
Governments and other public entities 
2,526,502 
3.31 
Total loans 
76,290,302 
100.00

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the net interbank 
position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
%  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
9,856,598 
2,321,809 
7,534,789 
324.52 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
438,253 
441,913 
(3,660) 
-0.83 
2. Other 
9,418,345 
1,879,896 
7,538,449 
401.00 
B. Due to banks 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Total (A-B) 
(10,324,401) 
(9,891,324) 
(433,077) 
4.38 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
24,433,936 
9,856,598 
14,577,338 
147.89 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
580,139 
438,253 
141,886 
32.38 
2. Other 
23,853,797 
9,418,345 
14,435,452 
153.27 
B. Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Total (A-B) 
1,723,691 
(10,324,401) 
12,048,092 
-116.70 
 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 31 December 2020. 
Since 31 December 2019, the BPER Group has benefited from the additional financial instruments made 
available by the ECB by repaying early the TLTRO-II loans expiring subsequent to 30 June 2020 and arranging 
two new tranches of TLTRO-III and currency loans.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
21.01.2021 
4. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
04.02.2021 
5. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
11.02.2021 
Total 
 
17,010 
 
 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 30 June 2021. Compared to 31 December 
2020, taking advantage of the wide range of financial instruments made available by the ECB, the BPER Group 
has participated in a tranche of TLTRO-III. 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
 18,380 
 
 
 
As a result, the BPER Group has obtained Euro 18,380 million of TLTRO III loans, which is 99.99% of its 
participation limit. 
 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
The following table sets forth the information as at 30 June 2021. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
29,911 
19,858 
10,053 
- of which Securities and loans transferred to the 
pooling account 
19,939 
18,295 
1,644 
 
At 30 June 2021, BPER Central Treasury held significant resources relating to eligible securities for refinancing 
at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 29,911 million (Euro 28,095 
million at 31 December 2020). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 10,053 million (Euro 10,048 million 
at 31 December 2020). 
Part of these resources are managed via the pooling account for an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 
19,939 million, of which Euro 18,295 million has been refinanced (Euro 1,644 million is still unencumbered).

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the funding position 
of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands)   
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
55,115,790 
47,724,679 
7,391,111 
15.49 
Time deposits 
145,605 
954,077 
(808,472) 
-84.74 
Repurchase agreements 
149,286 
238,736 
(89,450) 
-37.47 
Lease liabilities 
257,071 
306,037 
(48,966) 
-16.00 
Other short-term loans 
2,790,727 
2,997,190 
(206,463) 
-6.89 
Bonds 
4,385,826 
5,089,892 
(704,066) 
-13.83 
 - subscribed by institutional customers 
3,565,484 
3,278,364 
287,120 
8.76 
 - subscribed by ordinary customers 
820,342 
1,811,528 
(991,186) 
-54.72 
Certificates 
2,175 
36,541 
(34,366) 
-94.05 
Certificates of deposit 
294,189 
708,456 
(414,267) 
-58.47 
Direct deposits from customers 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
114,775,969 
110,623,352 
4,152,617 
3.75 
 - of which managed 
42,719,321 
41,714,305 
1,005,016 
2.41 
 - of which administered 
72,056,648 
68,909,047 
3,147,601 
4.57 
Customer funds under administration  
177,916,638 
168,678,960 
9,237,678 
5.48 
Bank borrowing 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Funds under administration or management 
198,097,637 
180,892,093 
17,205,544 
9.51 
 
Direct customer deposits of Euro 63,140.7 million have increased by 8.76% since 31 December 2019. 
Among the various technical forms, compared to 31 December 2019, bonds have decreased by Euro 704.1 
million (-13.83%), in particular on issues subscribed by ordinary customers, as have repurchase agreements by 
Euro 89.5 million (-37.47%), certificates of deposit by Euro 414.3 million (-58.47%) and time deposits for Euro 
808.5 million (-84.74%). 
On the other hand, current accounts and demand deposits, mainly deposits belonging to retail and corporate 
customers, have increased significantly by Euro 7,391.1 million (+15.49%) compared to 31 December 2019. The 
trends within this aggregate again show for this year a propensity on the part of customers for more liquid forms 
of deposit. 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up on 31 December 2019 
(+3.75%). A recovery by the markets and net inflows to assets under management during the year made it 
possible to completely reabsorb the decline recorded at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to market tensions 
caused by Covid-19. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 20,181.0 
million) amount to Euro 198,097.6 million.  
  
(in thousands)   
Direct deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
51,471,778 
47,301,234 
4,170,544 
8.82 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
897,973 
 
817,559 
80,414 
9.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
151,882 
 
133,271 
18,611 
13.96 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
10,814,813 
10,009,648 
805,165 
8.04 
Total banks 
63,336,446 
58,261,712 
5,074,734 
8.71 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
  (195,777) 
  (206,104) 
10,327 
-5.01 
Total 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities:

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
926,443 
 
761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
926,443 
 
761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2020 (same as at 31 December 2019). 
  
(in thousands)   
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
92,440,968 
89,355,334 
3,085,634 
3.45 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
847,777 
 
575,377 
272,400 
47.34 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,797,054 
 4,750,082 
46,972 
0.99 
Total banks 
98,085,799 
94,680,793 
3,405,006 
3.60 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
30,378,411 
29,822,478 
555,933 
1.86 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
 (13,688,241) 
 (13,879,919) 
191,678 
-1.38 
Total 
114,775,969 
110,623,352 
4,152,617 
3.75 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up by 3.75% since the end 
of 2019; the positive market trend in the second half of the year and the net inflows to assets under management 
for the year of Euro 665 million led to complete absorption of the negative effect recorded in the first quarter, 
caused by the Covid-19 emergency.  
Assets under management amount to Euro 42,719.3 million (+2.41% from the end of 2019), of which Euro 
17,444.8 million relating to Arca Holding, net of the portion of funds placed by the BPER Group network (+1.80% 
since the end of 2019). Assets under administration amount to Euro 72,056.6 million (+4.57% since the end of 
2019) which includes the assets under administration of a leading insurance company. 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
(in thousands) 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Direct deposits 
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
a) Due to customers 
93,768,069 
58,458,479 
35,309,590 
60.40 
b) Debt securities issued 
4,729,500 
4,682,190 
47,310 
1.01 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
138,979 
170,094 
(31,115) 
-18.29 
Hedging derivatives 
327,519 
469,240 
(141,721) 
-30.20 
Other liabilities 
6,252,607 
2,766,652 
3,485,955 
126.00 
Minority interests 
146,354 
133,983 
12,371 
9.23 
Shareholders' equity pertaining to the Parent Company 
6,728,350 
6,200,146 
528,204 
8.52 
a) Valuation reserves 
234,009 
118,105 
115,904 
98.14 
b) Reserves 
2,508,116 
2,360,74335 
147,373 
6.24 
c) Equity instruments 
150,000 
150,000 
- 
- 
d) Share premium reserve 
1,240,871 
1,241,197 
(326) 
-0.03 
e) Share capital 
2,100,435 
2,100,435 
- 
- 
f) Treasury shares 
(6,889) 
(7,259) 
370 
-5.10 
g) Profit (Loss) for the period 
501,808 
236,925 
264,883 
111.80 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
134,801,623 
93,061,78336 
41,739,840 
44.85 
 
Direct deposits include the amounts due to customers classified in liability caption 70 "Liabilities associated 
with assets classified as held for sale" of the balance sheet. 
 
  
(in thousands) 
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
90,103,425 
55,115,790 
34,987,635 
63.48 
Time deposits 
283,833 
145,605 
138,228 
94.93 
Repurchase agreements 
71,020 
149,286 
(78,266) 
-52.43 
Lease liabilities 
357,191 
257,071 
100,120 
38.95 
Other short-term loans 
2,952,600 
2,790,727 
161,873 
5.80 
Bonds 
 4,534,972 
4,385,826 
149,146 
3.40 
 - subscribed for by institutional customers 
 3,898,591 
3,565,484 
333,107 
9.34 
 - subscribed for by non-institutional customers 
 
636,381 
820,342 
(183,961) 
-22.42 
Certificates 
 
2,070 
2,175 
(105) 
-4.83 
Certificates of deposit 
192,458 
294,189 
(101,731) 
-34.58 
Direct deposits from customers  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 - of which under management 
63,190,688 
42,719,321 
20,471,367 
47.92 
 - of which under administration 
82,995,146 
72,056,648 
10,938,498 
15.18 
Customer funds under administration 
244,683,403 
177,916,638 
66,766,765 
37.53 
Deposits from banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Funds under administration or management 
267,393,648 
198,097,637 
69,296,011 
34.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 98,497.6 million have increased by 56.00% since 31 December 2020. 
                                                          
35 This data is taken from the BPER consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. 
36 This data is taken from the BPER consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the measurement 
method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific reference to properties held 
for investment purposes.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Among the various technical forms, current accounts and demand deposits have seen a significantly positive 
change compared with 31 December 2020, for Euro 34,987.6 million (+63.48%), mainly due to the effect of 
acquiring the UBI and ISP business units. An increase was also registered in term deposits by Euro 138.2 million 
(+94.93%) and bonds by Euro 149.1 million (+3.40%), the latter on the back of a new issue of a “Social Bonds” 
by the BPER Group in March 2021 subscribed by institutional investors for a nominal amount of Euro 500 
million, partly offset by the repayment at maturity of bonds held by both institutional and retail/corporate 
customers.  
On the other hand, compared with 31 December 2020, there has been a decline in repurchase agreements by 
Euro 78.3 million (-52.43%) and certificates of deposit by Euro 101.7 million (-34.58%). 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, a considerable increase 
compared with 31 December 2020 (Euro 31,409.9 million, +27.37%) primarily due to the contribution of the 
UBI and ISP business units (Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) and net assets under management gathered 
for an amount of Euro 0.9 billion during the six-month period. 
Total funds under administration or management of the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 22,710.2 
million) amount to Euro 267,393.6 million, an increase of +34.98% compared with 31 December 2020. 
 
(in thousands) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
86,304,899 
51,471,778 
34,833,121 
67.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
727,566 
 
897,973 
(170,407) 
-18.98 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
247,415 
 
151,882 
95,533 
62.90 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
11,409,884 
10,814,813 
595,071 
5.50 
Total banks 
98,689,764 
63,336,446 
35,353,318 
55.82 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
  (192,195) 
  (195,777) 
3,582 
-1.83 
Total  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
920,056 
 
926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
920,056 
 
926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 30 June 2021 (the same as at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
122,047,257 
92,440,968 
29,606,289 
32.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 1,843,886 
 
847,777 
996,109 
117.50 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,823,164 
 4,797,054 
26,110 
0.54 
Total banks 
128,714,307 
98,085,799 
30,628,508 
31.23 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
32,217,542 
30,378,411 
1,839,131 
6.05 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
 (14,746,015) 
 (13,688,241) 
(1,057,774) 
7.73 
Total  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, up by Euro 31,409.9 
million since the end of 2020 (+27.37%) primarily due to the contribution of the UBI and ISP business units 
(Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) acquired by BPER Banca and net assets under management gathered by 
the BPER Group or an amount of Euro 0.9 billion during the six-month period.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and 
in the 2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV), published in the 
Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the CRR2 Regulation 
applies from 28 June 2021.   
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates.  
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting purposes: 
companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to significant influence 
and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 30 June 2021, the BPER Group adopted internal models for measuring the capital requirements relating to 
the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The scope of the models37 includes BPER Banca, 
Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca. Sardaleasing is formally included in the roll-out plan and will adopt the IRB 
method in accordance with the planned timetable. The other BPER Group companies and asset classes not 
included in the roll-out plan will continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
In relation to the supervisory review and evaluation process, the ECB did not issue any decision on prudential 
requirements in 2020, so the Bank had to comply with prior requirements in place, also taking into account the 
regulatory change introduced to take effect from 12 March 2020 regarding the method of holding the requirement 
of additional Pillar 2 Own Funds (equal to 2%) in the form of at least 56.25% of CET1 and 75% of T1.  
At 30 June 2021, the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be met was therefore equal to 8.125% Phased 
in and Fully Phased. 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement specified for 
the BPER Group of 0.003% at 30 June 2021, raising the overall minimum to 8.128%. 
Compared with that limit, the amount of available equity (CET 1) at 30 June 2021 can be quantified at Euro 
2,916 million (about 639 bps of CET1) under the phased in transitional arrangements, while on a Fully Phased 
basis it is estimated at Euro 2,456 million, or about 539 bps of CET 1. 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 includes that portion of the profit for the period 
allocable to equity, Euro 445.3 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 of ECB 
Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR). 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements for 
regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2020. 
                                                          
37 The ECB authorised the use of internal models on 24 June 2016.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
(in thousands) 
 
31.12.2020  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - 
CET1 
5,272,201 
5,928,350 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
1,099,543 
22.77 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
150,623 
150,623 
152,092 
152,092 
(1,469) 
-0.97 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
5,422,824 
6,078,973 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
1,098,074 
22.05 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
858,760 
859,015 
156,241 
18.19 
Total Own Funds 
6,437,793 
7,094,229 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
1,254,315 
21.48 
Total 
Risk-weighted 
assets 
(RWA) 
33,161,036 
33,501,647 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
(1,219,630) 
-3.51 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.90% 
17.70% 
12.01% 
13.91% 
379 bps 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.35% 
18.15% 
12.45% 
14.35% 
380 bps 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own 
Funds/RWA) 
19.41% 
21.18% 
14.94% 
16.82% 
436 bps 
 
RWA/Total assets 
35.64% 
36.00% 
43.75% 
43.93% 
-793 bps 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 17.70% (13.91% at 31 December 2019). The Fully-Loaded 
Ratio is 15.90% (12.01% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 18.15% (14.35% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 21.18% (16.82% at 31 December 2019). 
The capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased In, 13.52% for the CET1 Ratio Fully Loaded, 
15.60% for the T1 Ratio Phased In and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased In if we separate the impact of the 
increase in capital for the acquisition of Business Unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Note that the BPER Banca Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are 
summarised below: 
 
credit risk: for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, the credit 
risk measurement is performed using the AIRB method. For Banks and other Companies that are not in 
the scope of validation and for other risk assets not included in the validated models, the standardised 
approach has been maintained; 
 
credit down-rating risk: the standardised approach is used;  
 
market risk: the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on 
equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for UCITS units) to determine the related 
individual and consolidated capital requirement; 
 
operational risk: operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA). 
 
 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements for 
regulatory purposes as at 30 June 202138. 
(in thousands) 
 
30.06.2021  
Fully Phased 
30.06.2021 
Phased in 
31.12.2020 
Fully Phased, 
restated 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
restated 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 
capital- CET1 
6,157,501 
6,625,653 
5,275,526 
5,931,675 
693,978 
11.70 
Additional Tier 1 capital - 
AT1 
150,601 
150,601 
150,623 
150,623 
(22) 
-0.01 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
6,308,102 
6,776,254 
5,426,149 
6,082,298 
693,956 
11.41 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
1,061,589 
1,061,589 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
46,333 
4.56 
Total Own Funds 
7,369,691 
7,837,843 
6,441,118 
7,097,554 
740,289 
10.43 
Total Risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) 
45,542,971 
45,619,802 
33,371,840 
33,487,963 
12,131,839 
36.23 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
13.52% 
14.52% 
15.81% 
17.71% 
-319 b.p. 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
13.85% 
14.85% 
16.26% 
18.16% 
-331 b.p. 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Total 
Own Funds/RWA) 
16.18% 
17.18% 
19.30% 
21.19% 
-401 b.p. 
 
RWA/Total assets 
33.79% 
33.84% 
35.86% 
35.98% 
-214 b.p. 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.52%39 (17.71% at 31 December 202040 ). The Fully 
Phased ratio is 13.52% (15.81% at 31 December 2020 restated41); 
 
Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.85%42 (18.16% at 31 December 2020 restated43); 
                                                          
38 The comparative ratios are calculated on the figures at 31 December 2020, which take into account the effects of the retrospective 
application of the change in the measurement method for the properties held for investment. 
39 Reg. 2395/2017 "Transitional provisions for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds" introduced the transitional 
regime (the so-called Phased in), offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from 
March 2018 to December 2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back factors over time. The 
BPER Group elected to apply the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment losses under IAS 39 as at 31 
December 2017 to impairment losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018. 
40 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
41 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
42 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
43 See the previous note on comparative figures.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 17.18%44 (21.19% at 31 December 202045). 
 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2020 compared with 31 December 
2019. 
                                                          
44 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
45 See the previous note on comparative figures.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
10. 
Interest and similar income  
1,431,109 
1,419,767 
 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest 
1,422,351 
1,395,908 
20. 
Interest and similar expense  
(192,233) 
(255,228) 
30. 
Net interest income 
1,238,876 
1,164,539 
40. 
Commission income 
1,246,875 
1,043,000 
50. 
Commission expense 
(174,361) 
(111,050) 
60. 
Net commission income 
1,072,514 
931,950 
70. 
Dividends and similar income  
18,492 
14,101 
80. 
Net income from trading activities 
(14,220) 
180 
90. 
Net income from hedging activities 
(653) 
(1,546) 
100. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of:  
141,182 
116,600 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
130,513 
38,710 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
10,356 
77,664 
 
c) financial liabilities  
313 
226 
110. 
Net income on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
11,856 
(1,241) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
(3,683) 
(8,436) 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
15,539 
7,195 
120. 
Net interest and other banking income 
2,468,047 
2,224,583 
130. 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to:  
(542,239) 
(446,291) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(541,877) 
(447,547) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(362) 
1,256 
140. 
Gains (Losses)  from contractual modifications without derecognition 
(2,141) 
(2,979) 
150. 
Net income from financial activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
180. 
Net income from financial and insurance activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
190. 
Administrative expenses: 
(1,687,910) 
(1,699,466) 
 
a) staff costs 
(960,719) 
(1,049,686) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(727,191) 
(649,780) 
200. 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(21,029) 
(12,193) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
(6,329) 
9,032 
 
b) other net provisions 
(14,700) 
(21,225) 
210. 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(118,816) 
(125,524) 
220. 
Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(59,702) 
(59,552) 
230. 
Other operating expense/income 
169,491 
188,348 
240. 
Operating costs 
(1,717,966) 
(1,708,387) 
250. 
Gains (Losses) on equity investments 
(2,945) 
7,213 
275. 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
343,361 
280. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal of investments 
866 
(602) 
290. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax  
203,622 
416,898 
300. 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
67,045 
(22,446) 
310. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations after tax 
270,667 
394,452 
330. 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
270,667 
394,452 
340. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(25,017) 
(14,869) 
350. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
245,650 
379,583

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 30 June 2020. 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
30.06.2020 
Change 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
728,322 
618,251 
110,071 
17.80 
40+50 
Net commission income 
733,958 
512,697 
221,261 
43.16 
70 
Dividends 
13,947 
12,843 
1,104 
8.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
119,712 
52,474 
67,238 
128.14 
230  
Other operating expense/income 
2,488 
24,331 
(21,843) 
-89.77 
 
Operating income 
1,598,427 
1,220,596 
377,831 
30.95 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(657,203) 
(504,664) 
(152,539) 
30.23 
190 b)  
Other administrative expenses 
(347,283) 
(231,463) 
(115,820) 
50.04 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and 
equipment and intangible assets 
(106,964) 
(81,353) 
(25,611) 
31.48 
 
Operating costs 
(1,111,450) 
(817,480) 
(293,970) 
35.96 
 
Net operating income 
486,977 
403,116 
83,861 
20.80 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets 
at amortised cost 
(576,295) 
(297,322) 
(278,973) 
93.83 
 
- loans to customers 
(576,896) 
(293,837) 
(283,059) 
96.33 
 
- other  financial assets 
601 
(3,485) 
4,086 
-117.25 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets 
at fair value 
1,686 
(858) 
2,544 
-296.50 
140 
Gains 
(Losses) 
from 
contractual 
modifications without derecognition 
(1,779) 
(442) 
(1,337) 
302.49 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(576,388) 
(298,622) 
(277,766) 
93.02 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(50,506) 
(14,901) 
(35,605) 
238.94 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF - VS 
(46,161) 
(34,163) 
(11,998) 
35.12 
250+260+270 
+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
(253,284) 
(10,087) 
(243,197) 
-- 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
1,149,922 
- 
1,149,922 
n.s. 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations 
before tax 
710,560 
45,343 
665,217 
-- 
300 
Income taxes on current operations for the 
period 
(191,732) 
68,021 
(259,753) 
-381.87 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period  
518,828 
113,364 
405,464 
357.67 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to 
minority interests 
(17,020) 
(10,868) 
(6,152) 
56.61 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining 
to the Parent Company 
501,808 
102,496 
399,312 
389.59

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department now reports directly to the Parent Company's Chief Executive Officer and is 
broken down into the following Organisational Units: 
 
Rating Office and Risk Governance Office, as staff functions for the Chief Risk Officer; 
 
Financial Risk Department; 
 
Credit and Operational Risk Department; 
 
Credit Control and Internal Ratification Department. 
The Risk Management Department, as the Group's risk control function, aims to collaborate in the definition and 
implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework and the related risk governance policies, through an adequate 
risk management process. 
An integral part of its mission is to ensure adequate reporting to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company 
and Group companies.  
The Risk Management Department extends its area of responsibility to all of the Group companies included in 
the current risk map, given that the "Group Guidelines - Internal Control System" provide for centralised 
management of the risk control function by the Parent Company. 
The Group companies that have this function outsource it to the Parent Company, with the exception of the 
Luxembourg based company46. 
The mission of the Risk Management Department is carried out as part of the Parent Company's guidance and 
coordination activity as an outsourcer for Group banks and companies.  
The Risk Management Department operates at Group companies through a Contact (who functionally reports to 
it) identified at the various Group companies. 
The responsibilities of the Risk Management Department are entrusted to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who 
performs the role with support from the organisational units that report hierarchically to the department. The 
principal activities include: 
 
within the ambit of the Risk Appetite Framework, proposing the quantitative and qualitative parameters 
necessary for its definition, both in the normal course of business and in situations of stress, ensuring 
their adequacy over time in relation to changes in the internal and external context; 
 
proposal of risk governance policies for measurable and non-measurable risks not allocated to other 
control functions (limited to the sections relating to risk management and exposure/operational limits) 
and oversight of their implementation, ensuring that the various stages of the risk management process 
are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
 
development of risk management methodologies, processes and tools via the identification, 
measurement/assessment, monitoring and reporting of risks, ensuring their adequacy over time through 
the development and application of indicators designed to highlight anomalous situations and 
inefficiencies. In particular: 
 
definition of common metrics of operational risk assessment (including IT risks) that are consistent with 
the RAF, in coordination with the Compliance Function, the ICT function and the Business Continuity 
function; 
 
definition of methods to evaluate and control reputational risk, in coordination with the Compliance 
function and the corporate functions that are most exposed to this type of risk; 
 
provision of assistance to the Corporate Bodies in the assessment of strategic risk by monitoring 
significant variables; 
 
monitoring the actual risk profile assumed in relation to the risk objectives defined in the RAF, 
collaborating in the definition of operating limits for the assumption of various types of risk and 
constantly verifying their adequacy and compliance, reporting any overruns to Corporate Bodies; 
                                                          
46 Circular CSSF 14/597 – Update of circular CSSF 12/552 on the central administration, internal governance and risk management "117. 
Outsourcing the compliance function and risk control function is not authorised."

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
 
provision of support to the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the ICAAP and ILAAP, 
preparation of reports to be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and coordination of the various 
phases of the process and performance of those assigned to it; 
 
coordination of the process for the preparation and update of the BPER Group recovery plan to be 
submitted to the Supervisory Authority and performance of the phases assigned to it; 
 
coordination of activities associated with the internal stress testing programme with the help of the 
various organisational structures involved, in the various execution areas (operational and regulatory 
stress test); 
 
checking the adequacy and effectiveness of the measures taken to correct weaknesses in the 
risk management process; 
 
development, ratification47 and upkeep of the internal systems of risk measurement, ensuring 
compliance with the instructions issued by the Supervisory Authority, as well as consistency with the 
operational needs of the company and the evolution of the market; 
 
provision of preventive advice on the consistency of more significant transactions with the RAF, 
acquiring if necessary, depending on the nature of the transaction, the opinion of other functions 
involved in the risk management process; 
 
analysis of risks deriving from new products/services and from entry into new business segments; 
 
control of the rating and override processes; 
 
performance of second-level checks on the lending process, verifying the existence of effective 
supervision over credit exposures (especially if impaired), the proper classification of risk and the 
adequacy of provisions; the effectiveness of the recovery process; 
 
involvement in defining, updating and monitoring the Non-Performing Loans strategy (providing 
estimates of the impact on the risk parameters used in the internal rating system and on the Group's 
capital profile in terms of RWA and Shortfall), as well as in policies and processes for their management 
before submission to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and Group companies;  
 
it handles execution of the activities included in the second-level control framework on non-performing 
loans; 
 
it coordinates the preliminary activities for the preparation and updating of the Resolution Plan, prepared 
by the Resolution Authority, directly carrying out the steps that are within its sphere of competence.  
In addition, the Risk Management Department: 
 
takes part in the definition of the Group's strategy, assessing the relative impact on risk; 
 
takes part in deciding on strategic changes to the Group's internal control system. 
 
Business Continuity 
During the first half of 2021, the annual activities aimed at the “ordinary management” of business continuity 
were resumed and aimed at updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the Group's 
Banks and Companies. 
The innovative elements that characterised the first half of 2021 concerned: 
 
integration of the 2020 Business Continuity Plan following the acquisition of the business complex 
from ISP; 
 
updating the Disaster Recovery Plan in order to incorporate the organisational and technological/ 
infrastructural changes that took place following the the acquisition of the business complex from ISP; 
 
extension of the scope of the macro processes subject to impact analysis, with extension to the entire 
perimeter; 
                                                          
47 Through the Model Ratification Office

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
 
optimisation of the Business Impact Analysis (“BIA”) cards within the Orbit IT tool (extension of the 
impact assessment for time spans up to 20 days, in order to prioritise processes with recovery needs 
exceeding 72 hours); 
 
use of the Orbit "Test" module also for the production of reports accompanying the Disaster Recovery 
checks; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) aimed at increasing awareness of the Group's Business 
Continuity Supplier contacts, figures supporting the monitoring of suppliers identified as "critical" 
within the BIA 2020 and FEI outsourcing; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) dedicated to the Heads of the Organisational Units of the 
Group Companies involved in the impact analysis; 
 
planning, within the Group Test Plan, of specific remote verification sessions, in order to verify the 
solutions identified and implemented for the pandemic scenario during 2020. 
The updated version of the "Operating Instructions of the sub-process for ordinary management of Business 
Continuity" is also soon to be issued, through which the updates imposed by the internal and external regulations 
of the sector, already included in the "Group Regulation of the Process for Ordinary Management of Business 
Continuity”, will be implemented. 
 
 
Recent Developments 
Merger for absorption of Tholos with Nadia  
The merger of Tholos s.p.a. with Nadia s.p.a., both real estate companies controlled by BPER and wholly owned 
respectively by Banco di Sardegna and BPER, took effect for legal, accounting and tax purposes on 1 January 
2021. This operation forms part of the initiatives designed to simplify the BPER Group and increase its 
operational efficiency, as envisaged in the 2019-2021 Business Plan, while enhancing the value of its property 
assets. 
Amendments to the Articles of Association relating to the appointment of the Corporate Bodies 
On 29 January 2021, the Shareholders' Meeting approved draft amendments to the Articles of Association, 
prepared by the Board of Directors on 5 August 2020 and authorised by the European Central Bank on 15 
December 2020. The purpose of the amendments was mainly to align the rules of composition of the Board with 
BPER’s transformation into a joint-stock company and the subsequent evolution of the Bank's ownership 
structure. 
Acquisition of the business unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group - acquisition completed 
On 19 February 2021, the final contracts were signed for the purchase of a line of business consisting of three 
business units from the ISP. The transfer to BPER of the business units owned by UBI and UBISS s.c.p.a. took 
place for legal purposes on 22 February 2021, whereas the transfer of the business unit owned by Intesa Sanpaolo 
took effect on 21 June 2021.  
Sale of non performing loans 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP receivables to specialized investors was finalized. 
On 23 July 2021 the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) with a 
gross value of 82.5 million euros to a professional investor against payment in cash (the "Mandalorian" 
transaction) was finalized. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally initiated (by means of legal transfer to an SPV) the activities aimed 
at a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 2021 by means of 
a securitization transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements to be assisted by GACS. 
Allocation of 2020 profit of the Parent Company

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
The Shareholders’ Meeting, which met in ordinary session on 21 April 2021, approved the draft financial 
statements and the consolidated financial statements for the year 2020, the appropriation of the profit for the year 
2020 and the distribution of a unit dividend of EUR 0.04 per share, for a maximum total amount of 56,530,540.48, 
with allocation of EUR 6,744,944.91 to the unavailable reserve and 6,855,391.59 euros to the legal reserve. 
Approval of the Phantom Stock number to be allocated in implementation of the 2020 remuneration policies of 
the BPER Group 
On 14 September 2021 BPER announced that an ordinary share buy-back programme will be launched on 15 
September 2021, to be completed indicatively by 31 October 2021. The buy-back programme is functional for 
the free-of-charge allocation of BPER Banca ordinary shares to the employees of the BPER Group as part of the 
“2019-2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Material Risk Takers”, the 2021 MBO incentive plan and any 
severance payments due. The buyback will be carried out under the terms approved by BPER’s Shareholders 
Meeting of 21 April 2021 as previously disclosed to the market, within a maximum duration period of 12 months 
from 8 April 2021, the date of authorisation by the ECB. 
BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 21 April 2021 authorised the purchase, in one or more tranches, of up to a 
maximum number of 5,000,000 BPER Banca shares, to date corresponding to 0.35% of the Company’s share 
capital and in any case for a total consideration not exceeding EUR 10 million. 
Process to optimise workforce and promote generational turnover 
On 23 September 2021 the BPER’s Board of Directors resolved to launch a process aimed at promoting 
generational and professional turnover, combined with a reduction in the BPER Group’s workforce, as part of 
the guidelines of the 2022-2024 Business Plan currently being defined.  
The measures approved, to be implemented by 2024, including via the Solidarity Fund, will make it possible to 
optimise the workforce by structurally reducing personnel costs. Workforce optimisation1 entails the exit of 
approximately 1,700 employees and a plan for the recruitment.  
The initiative, expected to be expensed in 2021, will be implemented subject to prior completion of the trade 
union consultation process and in compliance with regulations in force. 
BPER sets up Sustainability Committee and joins Borsa Italiana’s MIB ESG index 
On 18 October 2021 BPER’s Board of Directors set up a Sustainability Committee with advisory and 
propositional functions to support the Board in the activities that cover environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) issues, reverberating on all processes which make it possible to pursue sustainable development. 
The Sustainability Committee is presided over by BPER’s Chairperson, Flavia Mazzarella, and is comprised of 
the Bank’s Directors Riccardo Barbieri and Elisa Valeriani. 
BPER was also included in the new MIB ESG index of Borsa Italiana (a company of the Euronext Group) for 
domestic blue-chips, which tracks major Italian listed issuers with best ESG practices. Launched by Euronext in 
partnership with Vigeo Eiris (part of Moody’s ESG Solutions), it combines economic performance measurement 
with ESG considerations in line with the principles of the UN Global Compact.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.   
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax 
treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and 
the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter alia, by 
Italian banks. For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are securities that 
incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than their nominal 
value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly 
participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, 
nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, 
other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
(unless the investor has opted for the application of the asset management regime ("regime del risparmio 
gestito") - see under "Capital gains tax" below for an analysis of such regime), 
Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred 
to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) 
and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes 
if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016  (the "Finance Act 2017"), 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no. 124 of 26 October 
2019 (the “Law No. 124”), as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178 of 30 December 2020 (the "Law No. 178"), it is further 
provided that Italian resident individuals investing by December 31, 2021 in long-term individual savings 
accounts established from 1 January 2021 and compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law No. 124 
may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect 
of certain qualifying financial instruments comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that 
certain conditions and requirements are met. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited partnerships 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private and public institutions, 
carrying out commercial activities and holding the Notes in connection with this kind of activities) or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. 
They must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to 
general Italian corporate taxation and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also 
to "IRAP" (the regional tax on productive activities). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, SGRs, stockbrokers 
and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an ''Intermediary''). An Intermediary 
must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident financial 
intermediary, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a 
change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the issuer. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, Fondi Lussemburghesi 
Storici, SICAV (an investment company with variable capital), or a SICAF (investment company with fixed 
capital) (the ''Fund''), and the Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding 
period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the 
management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent may apply to income of the Fund derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares.   
Interest accrued on the Notes and received by Italian real estate funds (complying with the definition as amended 
pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010) or a SICAF to 
which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply ("Real 
Estate SICAF"), is subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate 
fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in the 
hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the fund, 
through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 
per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating 
to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included in 
a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 
1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law 
Decree no 124 of 26 October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy and listed in Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as recently amended by Ministerial 
Decree of 23 March 2017 (the "White List"). Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, letter c) of Decree 239, the 
Ministry of Finance should update the White List on a semi-annual basis; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an ''institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which allows 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, to Interest paid to non-Italian Noteholders other than the above. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected must:

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of the payments of Interest on the Notes or foreign institutional investors not 
subject to taxation; 
(b) 
timely deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or company 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, with the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of 
the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder 
declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This statement, 
which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities 
which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set 
forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of 
periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer 
or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian 
resident, the withholding tax is a final tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 26 per cent withholding tax 
rate may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from any 
income taxation, including the 26 per cent withholding tax, on interest, premium and other income relating to 
the Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 2017, 
as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law No. 124, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing by December 31, 2021 in long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2021 and 
compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to 
capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments 
comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are 
met. 
 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to a 26 per cent capital gains tax ("imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze"). Noteholders may set 
off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime ("regime della dichiarazione"), which is the default regime for Italian 
resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder 
holding the Notes. In this instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an 
entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given 
tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, 
in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital 
gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the Notes 
not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, may elect to pay under the administrative savings regime ("regime del risparmio 
amministrato") the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze separately on capital gains realised on each sale 
or redemption of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and 
(ii) 
an express election for the administrative savings regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss.  
The depository must also pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, 
deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds 
provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the administrative savings regime, where a sale or 
redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such capital loss may be deducted from capital gains 
subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following 
tax years up to the fourth. Under the administrative savings regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
report the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the asset management regime, any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the Notes) 
to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the 
managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be 
paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the 
year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the 
four succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of 
the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law No. 124, as amended and supplemented from time to time.  
Pursuant to Article 1, paragraphs 219-225 of Law no. 178, it is further provided that Italian resident individuals 
investing by December 31, 2021 in long-term individual savings accounts established from 1 January 2021 and 
compliant with Article 13-bis, paragraph 2-bis of Law No. 124 may benefit from a tax credit corresponding to

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
capital losses, losses and negative differences realized in respect of certain qualifying financial instruments 
comprised in the long-term individual savings account, provided that certain conditions and requirements are 
met.  
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Fund will be included in the result of the portfolio accrued 
at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results, but a withholding tax of 26 
per cent may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through distribution and/or 
redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010) or a 
Real Estate SICAF is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF is 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when 
earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of 
Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 
of 26 October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and 
traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze irrespective of the place 
in which they are deemed to be held. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders 
file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating 
that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets issued 
by an Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Notes are held in Italy. 
However, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets 
are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, provided that the effective beneficiary is: (i) resident 
in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; (ii) an international entity or 
body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (iii) a Central 
Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an "institutional 
investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange 
of information with Italy. 
In such cases, in order to benefit from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the 
asset management regime or are subject to the administrative savings regime, may be required to produce in due 
time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
For the purposes of the above, the currently applicable “white list” of countries allowing for an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy is provided for by the White List Decree, as recently amended by Ministerial 
Decree of 23 March 2017. Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, letter c) of Decree 239, the Ministry of Finance should 
update the White List Decree on a semi-annual basis. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of 
Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the 
recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
The transfer of Notes by reason of gift, donation or succession proceedings is subject to Italian gift and 
inheritance tax as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent for transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent for transfers in favour of siblings; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on the value 
exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent for transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree and to all relatives in law in direct 
line and to other relatives in law up to the third degree, on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift; 
and 
(d) 
8 per cent for transfers in favour of any other person or entity, on the entire value of the inheritance or 
the gift. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law No. 104 of February 5, 
1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds 
€1,500,000. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average 
stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including any accrued 
interest). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally 
determined by reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain elements 
as presented in the Italian tax law. 
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax applies to non-Italian resident individuals for bonds issued by Italian resident 
companies. 
Transfer tax 
No transfer tax is due on the transfer of the Notes. Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a 
€ 200 registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) 
private deeds are subject to registration only in the case of voluntary registration or in case of so-called "caso 
d'uso" or "enunciazione". 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 para. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, 
as amended by Article 1 para. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 ("Decree 642"), a proportional stamp 
duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their 
clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, which may be deposited with such financial 
intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for 
taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the market value or – in the absence of a 
market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial product or financial instruments 
(including the Notes). Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Noteholders and to non-Italian resident 
Noteholders, to the extent that the Notes are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor 
the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, 
the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, as amended by Article 1 para. 582 of Law No. 147 of 27 
December 2013, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici) or 
siminal partnerships holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
to pay in its own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. In this case the above mentioned 
stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff Part I attached to Decree 642 does not apply. 
This tax applies on the market value of the financial assets at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the 
market value – on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the event that the face or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase price of such financial assets held outside of the Italian territory. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended 
from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in Italy 
who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the 
aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not 
due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). The 
requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are 
the beneficial owner of the instrument pursuant to the anti money-laundering legislation (legislative Decree No. 
231 of 21 November 2007). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to be complied with in respect of Notes deposited 
for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to contracts entered 
into through their intervention, on the condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have been 
subject to tax by the same intermediaries and with respect to foreign investments which are only composed by 
deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value never exceeds a €15,000 threshold throughout the 
year.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or around 10 November 2021 (as the 
same may be further amended, supplemented or restated, the "Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement will 
extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above.  In the 
Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection 
with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the 
Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes 
comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not 
offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision:  
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Relevant State”), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated 
by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any "Relevant State" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 
(the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto 
to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom:  
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, no 
Notes may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances which are exempted from 
the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and any applicable Italian law and 
regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be:  
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 ("Consolidated 
Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB 
and/or another Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and all other applicable laws and 
regulations of Japan. 
France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not distribute or cause 
to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms or any other offering 
material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and will be made in France 
only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined in, and in accordance 
with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and Article 2 item (e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has been or will be made to admit 
the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this 
Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus or a 
similar communication as such terms are understood pursuant to articles 35 et seqq. and article 69 of the FinSA. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly 
distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Issuer or 
the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this 
prospectus will not be filed with, and the offer of Notes will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA. Neither the Notes nor the offering have been, nor will they be, authorized under 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). Accordingly, the investor protection

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers 
of the Notes. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the 
Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations.  
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s 
province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the 
purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with this offering. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus by the Monetary Authority of 
Singapore (the "MAS"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused 
such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such 
Notes or cause such Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not 
circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material 
in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of such Notes, whether directly or 
indirectly, to persons in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to 
a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA or any person 
pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA and in accordance with the conditions specified 
in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other 
applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a "relevant person", which is: 
 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more 
individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(ii) 
a trust whose sole purpose (other than a trust the trustee of which is an accredited investor) is to hold 
investments and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
 
securities or securities-based derivative contracts of that corporation, or the beneficiaries' rights and interest 
(howsoever described) in that trust, as the case may be, shall not be transferred within six months after that 
corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made in reliance on Section 275 of the SFA 
except: 
 
(a) 
to an institutional investor, a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA), or any person 
pursuant to an offer referred to in Section 275(1A) of the SFA (in the case of that corporation) or Section 
276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA (in the case of that trust); 
 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
Notification under 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and the Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”) - 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable 
laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes 
or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed "General". 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 25 March 2002. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer dated 23 September 2021. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary 
consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing on the Official List and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated 
market and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other listing authority, market, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available  
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, electronic copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available free of charge in English from the Issuer and from the 
Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (in English) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, 
the Trust Deed, the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive 
Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, base prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that a 
Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to the identity of such holder) 
to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; and 
(v) 
in the case of each issue of listed Notes subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the subscription 
agreement (or equivalent document). 
For 10 years after the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available 
free 
of 
charge 
in 
English 
from 
the 
Issuer 
(i) 
at 
the 
following 
website 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/home, (ii) at the offices specified on page 139 hereof, and (iii) from the specified 
office of the Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg specified on page 198 hereof: 
(i) 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto);  
(ii) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021;  
(iii) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2021; 
(iv) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; 
(v) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020;  
(vi) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; and 
(vii) 
Issuer’s Green Bond and Social Bond Framework entitled “Build up a new bank!”; and 
(viii) 
BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations 
as at 30 September 2021”.

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
This Base Prospectus, all documents incorporated herein by reference and the Final Terms of any Notes listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Issuer currently publishes unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements (including limited 
review report). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities 
and/or securitisation transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform advisory, financial and/or 
non-financial services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the 
ordinary course of business the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and 
actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans and/or ABS securities or similar securities) for their own account and for the accounts of their 
customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or 
the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which 
consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading 
prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates  may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Material Adverse or Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2020 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 (the end of the last financial period for which a 
limited review report on operations has been published). 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which could 
result in any member of the BPER Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s 
ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or has had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the current auditor 
of the Issuer and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the 
Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial 
Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also a member of ASSIREVI – Associazione 
Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have applied a limited review report to

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
the Issuer's half-year report as of 30 June 2021, in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards in 
Italy. 
Deloitte audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the years ended on, respectively, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. 
Auditors' Reports 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on reports from the auditors and/or any other expert in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such report or engagement letter or other 
document entered into by the Trustee and the auditors or such other expert in connection therewith contains any 
limit on liability (monetary or otherwise) of the auditors or such other expert. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Fitch and Moody’s is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, and 
is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.  
LEI 
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier code is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on 4 November 2022).

--- Page 197 ---
197 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Registered Office 
8/20, Via San Carlo 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eight Floor 
100 Bishopgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
LEAD ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS  
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
8/20, Via San Carlo 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
  
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG 
Taunusanlage 12, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse Bank (Europe), S.A. 
Calle de Ayala, 42 
28001 Madrid 
Spain  
 
 
 
 
 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
  
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 
Paris 
France 
 
 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4                   
60306 Frankfurt am Main                      
Germany 
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
PAYING AGENTS 
Banque Internationale a Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers  
As to English and Italian law 
Studio Professionale Associato a Baker & McKenzie 
Piazza Filippo Meda, 3 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Issuer 
As to Italian law

--- Page 199 ---
199 
Studio Legale Cappelli-RCCD 
Via Boschetti, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale a Luxembourg SA 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER SINCE 1 JANUARY 2017 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy