--- Page 1 ---
i 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS  
  
 
€6,000,000,000 
EURO MEDIUM TERM NOTE PROGRAMME 
for the issue of notes by  
BPER Banca S.p.A.    
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Bank" or the 
"Issuer" or "BPER") may from time to time issue instruments in bearer form governed by English law 
(the “English Law Notes”) and instruments governed by Italian law (the “Italian Law Notes”, and 
together with the English Law Notes, the “Notes”) under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the 
"Programme") and denominated in such currencies as may be from time to time agreed with the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as defined below).   
The Notes issued under the Programme may qualify as senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred 
Notes"), senior non-preferred notes (the "Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and together with the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes"), and subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"), subject in 
each case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives.  
The sum of the nominal amounts in respect of the Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). The Notes may be 
issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis (each a "Dealer" and, together, the "Dealers"). 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which have a minimum denomination of less than Euro  
100,000 (or equivalent in another currency), while Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the 
Programme will have a denomination of at least Euro 250,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
The terms and conditions for the English Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes” and the terms and conditions for the Italian Law Notes are set out herein in “Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”. References to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes 
and/or the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate and references to the “Terms and Conditions” or the 
“Conditions” shall be to the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and/or the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, as appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, in “Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the English Law Notes, and 
in “Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”, references to the “Notes” shall be to the Italian Law 
Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF") in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation for the approval of this 
Base Prospectus. Pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation, by approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF 
assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the Notes to be issued thereunder 
or the quality or solvency of the Issuer. The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. 
Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that 
are the subject of this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the Notes. By approving this Base Prospectus the CSSF does not engage in 
respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval.  
The Programme has been rated "(P)Ba3" (Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note and Subordinated 
Medium-Term Note) by Moody’s Investors Service Limited ("Moody's") and "BB" (Long-term Senior

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
 
Preferred), “B+” (Subordinated debt) and "B" (Short-term Senior Preferred) by Fitch Ratings Ltd 
("Fitch"). Each of Moody’s and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the 
European Securities and Market Authority on its website (at https://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-
registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009, as amended. 
Application has also been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market for the purpose of Directive 
2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments ("MiFID II") (the "Regulated Market"). The 
Programme also permits Notes to be issued on the basis that they will not be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any listing authority, market, stock exchange and/or quotation system or that they will 
be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers.  
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces the Base Prospectus dated 28 January 2020 and any 
supplement thereto. 
Any Notes to be issued under the Programme from the date hereof are to be issued subject to the 
provisions set out herein. This does not affect any Notes already in issue at the date hereof. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, which is provided by the 
European Money Markets Institute, to LIBOR, which is provided by ICE Benchmark Administration, to 
the CMS Rate, which may be provided by, among others, the administrator of EURIBOR or the 
administrator of LIBOR, in each case as specified in the applicable Final Terms. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of LIBOR and CMS) and the 
European Money Markets Institute (as administrator of EURIBOR) are included in register of 
administrators maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") under Article 36 
of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 ("Benchmarks Regulation").  
 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The risk factors that may affect 
the abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed in the "Risk Factors" 
section below. 
 
Lead Arranger 
Citigroup 
 
     Dealers 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
Citigroup 
Deutsche Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate &  
Investment Banking 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Credit Suisse 
Goldman Sachs International 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito 
Finanziario S.p.A. 
Nomura 
UBS Investment Bank  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 December 2020

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by the Issuer are subject to a 
substitute tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") of 26 per cent pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996 in certain circumstances. In order to obtain exemption at source from imposta sostitutiva 
in respect of payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, each Noteholder not 
resident in the Republic of Italy is required to certify that such Noteholder is (i) deemed to be resident in a 
country which recognises the Italian fiscal authorities' right to a satisfactory exchange of information and 
(ii) the beneficial owner of payments of interest or other income relating to the Notes, all as more fully set 
out in "Taxation" on page 173. 
Notes that qualify as atypical securities ("titoli atipici") are subject to withholding tax levied at the rate of 
26 per cent in respect of premium (if any) and other income pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 
September 1983, as amended. 
For each Tranche of Notes which is issued under the Programme, final terms will be prepared containing 
the information required to complete the information for the relevant issue (each "Final Terms") which, 
with respect to Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, 
will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and filed with the CSSF. In relation to each Tranche 
of Notes issued under the Programme, this Base Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes of each Tranche will initially be represented by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global 
Note") which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new global 
note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either 
a permanent global note ("Permanent Global Note") or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon 
certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, all as further described in 
"Form of the Notes" section set out on page 47. 
The Issuer and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee may agree with any Dealer(s) that Notes 
may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes respectively, in 
which case a prospectus specific to such Tranche of Notes (a "Drawdown Prospectus"), will be made 
available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a 
Member State of the European Economic Area, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the 
Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus 
before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference" section on page 34) and 
shall be construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this 
Base Prospectus.   
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
Neither the Dealers nor, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee, have independently verified all the 
information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers or, in the case of the English 
Law Notes, the Trustee, or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
 
connection with the Programme or any Notes or their distribution.  The statements made in this paragraph 
are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained 
in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or any Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the English Law Notes, 
the Trustee. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of 
the English Law Notes, the Trustee, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should subscribe for and purchase any Note. 
Each investor contemplating subscribing for, or purchasing any of the Notes, should make its own 
independent investigation of the affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the English 
Law Notes, the Trustee, to any person to purchase any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. The Dealers and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the 
Programme. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by 
law in certain jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and, in case of English Law Notes, the Trustee do not 
represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in 
compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to 
an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or 
offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or, in the case of the 
English Law Notes, the Trustee, which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this 
document in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be 
offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will 
result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and the Dealers have represented that all 
offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. Persons into whose possession this Base 
Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions. For 
details of certain restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes in 
the United States, the United Kingdom, Singapore, the Republic of Italy, Japan and France, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), will be in bearer form and subject to US tax law requirements. Subject to 
certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to US persons 
(see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of Commissione Nazionale per le 
Società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and may not be distributed in Italy other than (i) to qualified investors 
(investitori qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 1129 of 14 June 2017 
("Prospectus Regulation") and any applicable provision of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended from time to time (the "Consolidated Finance Act"), and/or regulations issued by the 
CONSOB, or (ii) in circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to 
Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONOSB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 
1999, as amended from time to time, and any applicable Italian law or regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, or where the context requires otherwise, references to 
a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the EEA, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or 
"euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary

--- Page 5 ---
v 
 
union and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the 
introduction of the euro, as amended. 
All references in this document to "US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States 
of America, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and references 
to "Japanese Yen", "Yen" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes 
at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but 
it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 
days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or 
over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilising Manager(s), or persons acting on behalf of the 
Stabilising Manager(s), in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom 
("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as 
defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II., or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended and superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any 
Notes will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore), 
as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA) – Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the Programme shall be prescribed capital 
markets products (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 
of Singapore) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
CONTENTS  
 
 
 
Page 
 
CONTENTS………………………………………………………………………………………………..vi 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME……………………………………………………7 
RISK FACTORS…………………………………………………………………………………………...8 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT……………………………………………………………………….33 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE………………………………………………...34 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES……………………………39 
FORM OF THE NOTES……………………………………………………………………………….....47 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES…………………………………….52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES……………………………………..85 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS………………………………………………………………………..117 
USE OF PROCEEDS……………………………………………………………………………………131 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER………………………………………………………………………132 
TAXATION………………………………………………………………………………………..…….173 
SUBSCRIPTION AN SALE…………………………………………………………………………….180 
GENERAL INFORMATION……………………………………………………………………………184

--- Page 7 ---
7 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject as set 
out herein. Key features of the Programme relating to the Notes appear below. The applicable terms of any 
Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set 
out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes endorsed on, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under 
"Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issuing Notes in an aggregate nominal amount 
which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously 
issued under the Programme, does not exceed €6,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the 
purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes the euro equivalent of 
Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as defined under "Form of the Notes" below) shall be 
determined, at the discretion of the Issuer (in the case of the issue of Notes), either as at the agreement date for 
such Notes or, in either case, on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the 
purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international 
bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur and the Issuer is not in a 
position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. Factors which could be material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the 
Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. In 
addition, the following risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature 
and, in each category, the most material risk factors for the Issuer or the Issuer’s group (the "BPER Group" or 
the "Group") are mentioned first.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision.  
Words and expressions defined in "Forms of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning 
in this section. Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus. 
 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Notes 
issued under the Programme  
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer;  
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer.  
 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s Financial Position 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation 
and a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly 
relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes. If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors' products and 
service offerings it may lose market share or incur losses. 
Impact of events which are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial 
markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of 
central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a 
regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's 
products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer 
between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
Risks associated with the spread of epidemics and the spread of the new respiratory syndrome Coronavirus  
The spread of any contagious disease that may result in an epidemic on a regional or global scale may have a 
negative impact on the operations and results of the Issuer, the Group and the entire market in which they 
operates. If one or more of the geographical areas in which the Issuer, the Group and its customers operate are 
affected by contagious diseases that cause epidemics on a regional or global scale, the operations of the Issuer, 
the Group and its customers could be significantly reduced, with possible negative effects on the Issuer's 
business and prospects and on its economic, asset and financial situation.  
Since December 2019, there has been a rapid spread of the new respiratory syndrome Coronavirus 2019-nCoV 
(“Coronavirus”), which has gradually spread from some regions of China to other countries on a global basis. In 
particular, since February 2020, there have also been numerous cases of Coronavirus in some areas of northern 
Italy - primarily in Lombardy, Emilia-Romagna and Veneto - as a result of which the Italian public authorities 
have taken a number of measures to contain the spread of the virus. In a first phase, particularly restrictive 
measures were introduced and limited to the municipalities at the epicentre of the spread of the virus, including, 
among other things, the temporary interruption of production activities, commercial activities and restrictions on 
the circulation of people. In the following weeks, these restrictive measures, including, inter alia, restrictions on 
the movement of goods and people, the closure of most of the production and commercial activities and various 
social distancing provisions, were introduced for the whole country and only recently are being gradually 
released. As a result, as of June 2020 negative effects on the Issuer's and the Group’s activity and prospects as 
well as on its economic, equity and financial situation may occur.  
In general, the spread of the Coronavirus could also lead to a deterioration in the economic situation both with 
regard to the economies of the countries directly affected and at a global level, with possible negative effects on 
the activity and prospects as well as on the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and the Group. 
Changes in interest rates 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of BPER and its subsidiaries (the "BPER 
Group" or the "Group"). The results of the BPER Group's banking operations are affected by its management 
of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the 
relationship between changes in market interest rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of 
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to accompany changes in 
interest rates, may have a material effect on the BPER Group's financial condition or results of operations.  
Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group's cost of funding at a higher rate 
than the yield on its assets due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are 
sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities 
with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER 
Group's assets at a rate, which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
In addition, in recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition, which, 
together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing 
and lending rates, and has made it difficult for the BPER Group to maintain positive growth trends in interest 
rate margins. 
Business Concentration Risk 
The Issuer's key market geographically is the Emilia Romagna region, where the Issuer has historically operated 
and where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's 
borrowers and counterparties (as mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a 
general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the 
financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the 
Issuer's impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s Investors Service Limited ("Moody's"), and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ltd ("Fitch") 
which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit

--- Page 10 ---
10 
rating agencies, (as amended) (the "CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation. A downgrade of the Issuer's rating (for whatever reason) might result 
in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. In addition, a downgrade of the 
Issuer's rating may limit the Issuer's opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a particularly adverse 
effect on the Issuer's image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its clients. These 
factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and/or the results of its operations and, as a 
consequence, on the rating assigned to the Notes where applicable.  
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the global economic and financial conditions. During 
recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s 
customers may default on their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the 
demand for mortgages and other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone and 
in the other markets in which the BPER Group operates influence its performance.   
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some Euro member 
states. This, together with the risk that some countries might eventually leave the Euro area, would have a 
material and negative impact on the BPER Group and/or on the BPER Group’s clients, with negative 
implications for the BPER Group’s business, results and financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might affect negatively the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro 
area. Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on 
households disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group’s 
business, results and financial position.   
Any further deterioration of the Italian economy would have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group’s 
business, in light of the BPER Group’s significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
The European Central Bank’s unconventional policy (including public sector, covered bond and ABS purchase 
programme and provision of liquidity via Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations (TLTRO)) has 
contributed to ease tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of 
credit spreads. The possibility that the European Central Bank could halt or reconsider the current set up of 
unconventional measures, as recent developments have shown, would impact negatively the value of sovereign 
debt instruments. This would have a materially negative impact on the BPER Group’s business, results and 
financial position. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis in 
the Euro area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further 
acceleration of the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the 
recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial 
resources of the BPER Group’s clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of any of the above events 
may cause the BPER Group to suffer losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its 
assets, with a potential adverse effect on the BPER Group liquidty, financial position and results of transactions 
including its ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding 
requirements.  
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely manner. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may 
adversely affect the BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its 
investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other 
affected economies may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the 
BPER Group's loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit 
strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent 
years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. In this case, the economic and financial 
position of the BPER Group might suffer further adverse consequences. 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Issuer’s business activities  
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a 
series of other risks typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in 
the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers.  The Issuer is 
exposed to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, 
fraudulent behaviour of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, 
their financial position, or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Any failure by its 
customers to accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements 
or other contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk are 
dependent upon its ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by 
fluctuations in market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how 
effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio 
diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market 
interest rates.   
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities 
incurred by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. 
The activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and 
retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB's lending 
policy or funding requirements, including changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted 
by the ECB as collateral for calculating the value of such assets could affect the Group's results of operations, 
business and financial condition. 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Risks connected to recent ECB guidance on NPL provisioning  
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans ("NPLs") as amended and 
supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and 
best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to 
the guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the 
ECB published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum supplements the 
qualitative guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory expectations for 
prudent levels of provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, 
banks should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be 
closely managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. 
Instead, it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, 
servicing, and portfolio sales.  
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks 
should explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into 
consideration in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-

--- Page 12 ---
12 
compliance may trigger supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 which entered 
into force on 26 April 2019, complements existing prudential rules and requires a deduction from own funds 
where NPLs are not sufficiently covered by provisions or other adjustments. The minimum coverage levels thus 
act as a “statutory prudential backstop”. In order to facilitate a smooth transition towards the new prudential 
backstop, Regulation no. 2019/630 will only apply to NPLs arising from loans originated from 26 April 2019 
onwards.   
See "Description of the Issuer - Recent Developments" for further information on ECB guidance to banks on 
NPLs. 
Evolving regulatory environment 
The Issuer's business is governed by Italian domestic and European Union legislation relating to the financial 
and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the 
public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European Central Bank and the 
European System of Central Banks. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various 
forms. The banking laws applicable to BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage and are 
designed to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in banking 
groups, and to limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services laws that 
govern its marketing and selling practices.  
In addition, regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and 
their enforcement that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. A breach of any regulations by the Issuer could lead to 
intervention by supervisory authorities and the Issuer could come under investigation and surveillance, and be 
involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new regulations and 
guidelines that may require additional investments in systems and people and compliance with which may place 
additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be 
adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER Group. Investors should consult their own advisers 
as to the consequences for them of the application of the above regulations as implemented by each Member 
State. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force.  
The BRRD is designed to provide authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and 
quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial 
system.  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables 
resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a 
“bridge institution” (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset 
separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset 
management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through eventual sale 
or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives 
resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors (including, inter alia, the 
Senior Preferred Note, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes) of a failing institution and 
to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including, inter alia, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and the Subordinated Notes) to equity (the "General Bail-in Tool"), which equity could also be subject to 
any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to provide

--- Page 13 ---
13 
extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the public 
equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall 
due; or it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power 
to permanently write-down or convert into equity capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) at the 
point of non-viability and before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken ("Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption"). Any shares issued upon any such conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of 
the General Bail-in Tool. 
For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of non-viability 
under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or group meets the 
conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public 
support is to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution 
would no longer be viable.  
Therefore, also in a non-bankruptcy scenario, in case of application of the bail-in tool, the Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes might be written down to zero, or converted to 
equity, without the prior consent of the relevant Noteholders.  
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy 
(the "BRRD Implementing Decrees") were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, 
while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD 
Implementing Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied 
from 1 January 2016; and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and those of individuals and small and medium enterprises, which apply from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity 
of debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are 
subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain 
liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the 
resolution authority may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General 
Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. 
Accordingly, holders of Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes of a Series may be subject to write-
down/conversion upon an application of the General Bail-In Tool while other Series of Senior Notes or, as 
appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully 
excluded from such application of the General Bail-In Tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in 
respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that 
such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a 
result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that, in circumstances in which Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully written-down/converted into equity capital instruments on an 
application of the General Bail-In Tool, the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have 
been excluded from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and therefore the holders of such claims may 
receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of Senior Notes or Subordinated 
Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment 
compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims because the safeguard is not intended to 
address such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater 
losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under 
normal insolvency proceedings.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that 
deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal 
insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-
preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, 
including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in 
insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has 
amended the creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to liquidation 
proceedings (and therefore the hierarchy which will apply in order to assess claims pursuant to the safeguard 
provided for in Article 75 of the BRRD as described above), by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all 
deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and small 
and medium sized enterprises will benefit from priority over senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking 
which is lower than that provided for deposits of individuals and small and medium sized enterprises exceeding 
the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant 
amounts of liabilities in the form of large corporate and interbank deposits which under the national insolvency 
regime in force prior to such date in Italy ranked pari passu with Senior Preferred Notes, will rank higher than 
Senior Preferred Notes in normal insolvency proceedings and therefore that, on application of the General Bail-
In Tool, such creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only after Senior Preferred 
Notes. Therefore, the safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not provide any 
protection to specific Italian banks' counterparties since, as noted above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to 
achieve compensation for losses incurred by creditors which are in excess of those which would have been 
incurred in a winding-up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of 
an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and, 
in circumstances where the waiver is selected (as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the Senior Preferred 
Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes, 
it is clear that the statutory right of set-off available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply.  
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured 
debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") entered into force. The BRRD 
Amending Directive must be brought into force by the EU Member States by 29 December 2018. It requires 
Member States to create a new class of the so-called “senior non-preferred” debt instruments which would rank 
just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being part 
of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to meet MREL 
and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will only apply to 
new issuances of bank debts.  In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament 
on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt 
instruments. The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category 
of unsecured debt in bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the 
priority ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on 
the priority ranking of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards 
banks' compliance with the TLAC standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in the 
Financial Stability Forum. In addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors and 
reducing the risk of legal challenges, these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in 
resolution.  
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the 
revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the 
Consolidated Banking Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which 
has been harmonised by the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee 
schemes; (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of 
reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and 
liabilities eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. 
"Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" - MREL). MREL represents one of the key 
tools to improve banks’ resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a 
bank’s capital position after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors

--- Page 15 ---
15 
bear losses regardless of which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority of an institution, after 
consultation with the relevant competent authority, will set the MREL for the institution based on the criteria 
identified by the EBA in its regulatory technical standards. Article 7(1) of EBA final regulatory technical 
standards on criteria for determining MREL requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to 
allow the write down or conversion of an amount of own funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to 
the sum of the loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, subject to certain considerations.  The 
resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part of their MREL obligations through 
"contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the 
competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part 
of the Banking Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") for banks being part of the Banking 
Union. The EBA has issued final draft regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which 
resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as further implemented by European Commission adopted 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below.  
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the 
SRB shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 
September 2016. Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine 
an appropriate transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the 
EBA launched a public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL, ahead 
of the final report published by EBA on 15 December 2016. On 23 November 2016, the European Commission 
presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed amendments to the BRRD. In 
particular, it is proposed that the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total risk exposure 
amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined by the 
resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the 
bank post-resolution. In addition, it is proposed that resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher 
levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution that are higher than those expected under a standard 
resolution scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in the entity post-resolution. It is currently 
envisaged that in the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement the competent  resolution 
authority shall have the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the maximum distributable 
amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called "M-MDA").  
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU 
Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for 
the purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with 
the national resolution authorities ("NRAs"), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary 
approach consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL 
requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced 
binding requirements and started to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. 
During 2017, the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. 
Considering the need to address the specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 
2018 resolution planning cycle in two waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not 
have binding targets – for instance those with no presence outside the Banking Union – to be addressed first 
based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 approach and published on 20 November 2018. For the 
second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex banks, MREL setting will be based on an enhanced 
MREL policy published on 16 January 2019.  
The current regime is expected to evolve as a result of further changes agreed by EU legislators. On 7 June 2019, 
as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution 
Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") and 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV"), the 
following legislative texts have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
(i) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"),  
 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRM II Regulation"),

--- Page 16 ---
16 
(iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and 
disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"), and (iv) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD 
V" and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms"). 
The BRRD II reforms will introduce, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the 
"TLAC standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime 
relating to the specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime will be aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss 
absorption and recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL will be determined according to the 
provisions concerning the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an 
impact on the financial performance of the BPER Group. 
The BRRD II reforms also provide for the introduction of a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary 
measure in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the Resolution Council can use within the 
resolution period. Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension 
of the performance of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective 
credit institution. The exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely 
affect the rights of the holders of securities issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in 
any such security and/or the ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
conferring specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions (the "SSM Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single 
Supervisory Mechanism" or "SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in 
conjunction with the national regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct 
supervisory responsibility over “banks of systemic importance” in the Eurozone. In this respect, “banks of 
systemic importance” include any Eurozone bank that (i) has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the total 
value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is one of the 
three most significant credit institutions established in a Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, 
direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility or the European Stability Mechanism; and (iv) is 
considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has established banking subsidiaries in more than 
one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities represent a significant part of its total 
assets/liabilities. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with national 
competent authorities or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to 
ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. The Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of 
the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 established the framework for co-operation within the Single 
Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and national competent authorities and with 
national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation"). 
The relevant national competent authorities for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation continue to have supervisory responsibilities not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, 
money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB, on the 
other hand, is exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit institutions, 
which includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit institutions in 
the Eurozone and in the Member States participating to the SSM; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings 
in other banks; (iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; 
(iv) set, where necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under the 
conditions provided by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal 
capital adequacy assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank 
exist, in coordination with the relevant resolution authorities.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
The BPER Group is one of the major European banks supervised directly by the ECB. The ECB is required 
under the SSM Regulation to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) at least on an 
annual basis. The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, 
processes and mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital proportionate to 
their risk profile, as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key aim of SREP is to 
make sure that institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to allow for sound 
management and coverage of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress 
testing and risks the institution may pose to the financial system. 
See "Description of the Issuer - Recent Developments" for further information on SREP notification on BPEr’s 
respect.  
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, on 22 February 2019 
the EBA published a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States (the "EBA Supervisory 
Handbook"). The adoption of the EBA Supervisory Handbook relies on Article 29(2) of Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 establishing the EBA. Whilst it is not binding nor subject to comply/explain by the resolution 
authorities, the EBA Supervisory Handbook is an instrument to promote convergence of approaches, practices 
and processes. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the 
"SRM" and "SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those 
concerning the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") 
with national resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly 
consists of the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission 
and the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the 
ECB and the national resolution authorities.  
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 
banks started to pay contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund 
starting from 2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes).  
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single 
authority –the Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the 
SSM and part of the Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the 
negative feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in 
resolution; and (c) giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking 
Union ones, due to the availability of a larger resolution fund. 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the 
SRM will affect the Group. 
MiFID II/R implementation 
The Directive 2014/65/EU on the markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II") and Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 on markets in financial instruments ("MiFIR" and together with MiFID II, "MiFID II/R") repealed 
and recast the Directive 2004/39/EC ("MiFID"). Together MiFID II/R form the legal framework governing the 
requirements applicable to investment firms, trading venues, data reporting service providers and third-country 
firms providing investment services in the EU. MiFID II/R, entered into force on 2 July 2014. Member States 
were required to adopt and publish by 3 July 2017 the measures transposing the MiFID II Directive into national 
law and apply those provisions (with some exceptions) from 3 January 2018.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
MiFID II/R amends existing provisions on authorisation, conduct of business and organizational requirements 
for providers of investment services. These rules aim at strengthening the protection of investors, through the 
introduction of new requirements on product governance, independent investment advice and cross-selling, the 
extension of existing rules to structured deposits and the improvement of requirements in several areas, 
including on the responsibility of management bodies, inducements, information and reporting to clients, 
remuneration of staff and best execution. It establishes, inter alia, uniform requirements in relation to disclosure 
of trade data to the public, reporting of transactions to the competent authorities, trading of derivatives on 
organised venues, benchmarks and intervention powers of competent authorities, ESMA and EBA.  
MiFID II/R brings much of the transparency traditional in equity markets to bond trading. MiFID II/R’s 
regulatory regime brings into effect pre-trade transparency for bonds as well as post-trade. This will result in a 
significant impact on the market structure of bond markets. Bond pre-trade and post-trade transparency 
requirements will be calibrated for different types of bond market trading structures such as order-book, quote-
driven, hybrid and periodic auction trading systems. In order to calibrate bonds correctly for MiFID II/R 
transparency obligations, IT systems have had to be enhanced, developed or built from scratch - a major 
undertaking for the industry. Banks, regulators and investors are dependent on data collected to meet MiFID 
II/R’s commitments. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/445  
The ECB has repeatedly declared its intention to harmonize the options and national discretions that are 
embedded in the EU Banking Reform. In this respect, ECB has adopted the Regulation (EU) 2016/445 of 14 
March 2016 on the exercise of options and discretions available in EU law ("OD Regulation"). The OD 
Regulation specifies certain of the options and discretions conferred on competent authorities under EU law 
concerning prudential requirements for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. It shall apply exclusively 
with regard to those credit institutions classified as “significant” in accordance with Article 6(4) of Regulation 
(EU) No. 1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 147(1) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. The OD Regulation 
entered into force on 1 October 2016, with Article 13 applicable from 1 January 2019. From the OD Regulation, 
while taking due account of the principle of proportionality, the ECB has identified certain options and 
discretions which should be exercised in the same way by national competent authorities in the supervision of 
less significant institutions. To this end, in April 2017, the ECB published a guideline on the exercise of the 
options and discretions available in the EU law for less significant institutions. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective 
financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such 
provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer  
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings or failures in internal processes, people or 
systems and from external events, including the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, unauthorised 
transactions by employees or operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology or 
telecommunication systems.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of 
organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, 
all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. Any failure or 
weakness in these systems, could however adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business 
activities. 
Reputational risk 
BPER also implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, 
manage and mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and 
measures that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the 
following components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to

--- Page 19 ---
19 
reputational risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation 
process and the determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its 
risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer 
fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies 
and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a 
result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as 
"systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could 
adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started a first covered bond programme (the 
"First Covered Bond Programme") on a residential mortgage loan cover pool and  a second covered bond 
programme (the "Second Covered Bond Programme"), structured on a conditional pass-through basis, on a 
residential and commercial mortgage cover pool. Risks related to such financial structured instruments are 
connected to the capacity of BPER to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools 
assigned as guarantees and the covered bonds issued under both the First Covered Bond Programme and the 
Second Covered Bond Programme. Should a combination of a sharp decrease of the residential or commercial 
mortgage loan production and an appreciable increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance could 
affect BPER's capacity to ensure a suitable claim substitution according to either the First Covered Bond 
Programme or the Second Covered Bond Programme provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the First Covered Bond Programme or the Second 
Covered Bond Programme could adversely affect the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities. 
 
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which 
the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be 
predicted. 
 
Risks related to the Notes 
 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
 The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors; 
 Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
 Risks related to Notes generally; and 
 Risks related to the market generally. 
 
The Notes may not be a suitable investement for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 20 ---
20 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a 
way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured and appropriate addition of risk to their 
overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under 
changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on 
the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.  
The obligations of the Issuer under the Notes are not covered by deposit insurance schemes in the Republic of 
Italy. Furthermore, the Notes will not be guaranteed by the Republic of Italy under any legislation that is or will 
be passed to address liquidity issues in the credit markets, including government guarantees or similar measures. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common features. 
Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of senior 
debt (including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and meet its 
obligations to all its other creditors ranking senior to the holders of the Subordinated Notes (including unsecured 
creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not 
have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes. 
Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are not 
subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment 
should the Issuer become insolvent. In addition, in case of application of the bail-in tool as well as of the Non-
Viability Loss Absorption provided by the BRRD, the Subordinated Notes might be written down, including to 
zero, or converted to equity. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes include provisions, a number of which are mandated by Bank of Italy or 
any European supervisory authority regulations, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
under the Notes. The provisions with respect to all Subordinated Notes, including the terms of their 
subordination, the limited number of events of default and the limited right of the Noteholders to accelerate such 
Notes, are described in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below. Prospective investors in Subordinated 
Notes should therefore read the relevant provisions of the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" carefully before 
making any investment decision.  
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should qualify on 
issue as "Tier II Capital", for so long as this is permitted under Bank of Italy regulations.  Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of 
Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated 
Notes will continue to qualify as "Tier II Capital" during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be 
grandfathered under the implementation of further EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not 
grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify (in whole or in part), as "Tier II Capital", the Issuer will 
(if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 
4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes, and Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Italian Law Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of 
such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes, and Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption 
and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant 
redemption amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to 
the then current market value of such Subordinated Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Consolidated Banking Act"), in the event an issuer of senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in 
right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other 
present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future 
claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders.  
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that:  
(A) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity 
of the entire agreement; 
 
(B) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and  
 
(C) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-
bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act were recently enacted and that, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any 
Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in 
respect thereof. Consequently, it is possible that a regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will 
be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted 
by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements (as 
defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes, and Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be subordinated to existing 
senior debt and Senior Preferred Notes in the event that the Issuer is subject to compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior 
liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and are more fully described in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. In the event of a winding up, 
dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer,

--- Page 22 ---
22 
the payment obligations of the Issuer  under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, but (B) at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, in all such 
cases in accordance with the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority. 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred Notes 
which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become subject to compulsory 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes face an 
increased performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Notes. 
If a judgment is rendered by any competent court declaring the judicial liquidation of the Issuer, or if the Issuer 
is liquidated for any other reason, the rights of payment of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
subordinated to the payment in full of the senior preferred creditors of the Issuer and any other creditors that are 
senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In the event of incomplete payment of senior preferred creditors and 
other creditors ranking ahead of the claims of the holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the obligations of the 
Issuer in connection with the principal of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be terminated. The Noteholders 
shall be responsible for taking all steps necessary for the orderly accomplishment of any collective proceedings 
or voluntary liquidation in relation to any claims they may have against the Issuer. 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted 
for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. Current regulatory practice of the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not 
require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation to be given prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted 
for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) there can be no assurance 
that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will so qualify upon issue and will continue to so qualify during their life. 
Upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes. Any redemption 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Condition 4(k) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and of 
Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Italian Law Notes.   
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as 
high as the interest rate on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Senior Non-Preferred Notes at its option, the 
exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes

--- Page 23 ---
23 
and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes as of 
the relevant redemption date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment 
for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should determine the suitability 
of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to 
evaluate how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on 
the market value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor’s 
overall investment portfolio. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are a new type of instruments for which there is no trading history 
Prior to the adoption of the so-called "Legge di Bilancio 2018" and its entry into force, the Italian issuers were 
not able to issue senior non-preferred securities. Accordingly, there is no trading history for securities with such 
ranking. Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities 
such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value 
of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, 
over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, 
investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Upon issue, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such credit 
rating may be lower than the Issuer’s credit rating, since it reflects the increased risk of loss in the event of the 
Issuer’s insolvency. As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more credit rating 
agencies close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price volatility 
than the Senior Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure 
following the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Furthermore, credit rating agencies may seek to rate any Senior Non-Preferred Notes on an "unsolicited" basis 
and, if such "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes on a "solicited" basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)  
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes and to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the 
Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), (i) upon 
the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Contions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 
4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Contions for the Italian Law 
Notes) with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as 
“Tier II Capital” on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or 
regulatory provisions (including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union).

--- Page 24 ---
24 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption 
amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market 
value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in 
light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its 
option, the exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to 
Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 
4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law 
Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the 
amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  
In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to 
the previsions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount 
of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of 
such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any 
political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all 
outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions.  
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant 
redemption date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at 
that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is 
subject to the conditions set forth in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and, in any case, the relevant 
redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then 
current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Variation or substitution following the Tax Event or Regulatory Event  
In relation to any Series of Notes, if Modification following Tax Event or (in relation to Subordinated Notes 
only) Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the 
occurrence of Tax Event or Regulatory Event, substitute or modify the terms and conditions (in each case of all 
but not some only) of such Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Securities, without 
any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification or 
substitution is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such 
modification or substitution, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 10 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are

--- Page 25 ---
25 
satisfied. See also “Variation or substitution following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event” risk factor 
related to the Senior Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Notes are varied, Noteholders may, as a 
result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be 
borne by the Noteholders. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate which determines the amount 
of interest payable (a "relevant factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
• 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
• 
they may receive no interest; 
• 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
• 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on interest payable is likely to be 
magnified; and 
• 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, in accordance with the 
provisions applicable to the Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes Conditions") and/or the Subordinated Notes (the 
"Subordinated Notes Conditions") (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the 
market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a 
lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate 
Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then 
prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes will 
initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement Date up to but 
excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each 
Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during the tenor of 
the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Senior Notes eligibility for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements is subject to uncertainty

--- Page 26 ---
26 
The Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL requirements and, to the 
extent applicable to the Issuer, TLAC requirements (together, the "MREL/TLAC Requirements") (as defined 
in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms 
and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the 
applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will 
be or remain eligible for the purposes of the MREL/TLAC Requirements. 
The MREL/TLAC Requirements do not currently require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to 
the issuance of Senior Notes that such Notes will qualify as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities (subject to 
prescribed limits, if any, on the quantum of Senior Notes which may be included in the Issuer’s MREL/TLAC 
eligible liabilities) on issue. Although it is the Issuer’s expectation that the Senior Notes may qualify as eligible 
liabilities for the purposes of meeting the Issuer’s MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may be subject to 
limits as to the quantum of Senior Notes which may be included in its MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities and, in 
any case, there can be no representation that the Senior Notes of any Series are or will remain MREL/TLAC 
eligible liabilities during the life of such Series of Senior Notes. If they are not eligible for the purposes of the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL/TLAC Requirements and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing the MREL/TLAC 
requirements), then an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event will occur, with the consequences indicated in the 
risk factor below and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes (as the case may be). 
Variation or substitution following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event  
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes, if Modification following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event, substitute (all but not some only) of such Senior Notes or modify the terms and 
conditions of all (but not some only) of such notes so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying 
Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, provided that the 
relevant conditions set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are satisfied.  
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, Noteholders 
may, as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences 
may be borne by the Noteholder. 
Waiver of set-off 
If waiver of set-off rights is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each holder of a Senior 
Preferred Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior 
Preferred Note. 
As specified in Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, each 
holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note and of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any 
right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws 
of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note and Subordinated Note.  
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing 
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction)  of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that 
contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law provisions as 
applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the “Italian Private International 
Law”) provides that “other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the 
security was issued”. The Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to Citibank, N.A., London Branch as Principal Paying Agent, being the 
entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and 
Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes.  
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation for any prospective 
investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of 
ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private 
International Law and the relevant applicable European legislation. 
Risks related to the Notes generally 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer may act as Calculation Agent or appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an issuance of 
Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member of a financial group 
that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking activities out of which 
conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers 
and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be 
engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes 
and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Modification and waiver 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting 
their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. In addition, pursuant to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Conditions, and pursuant to Condition 3(f) 
(Benchmark replacement) and Condition 11 (Meeting of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and 
Conditons for the English Law Notes, the Trustee shall agree with the Issuer such modification to the English 
Law Notes as may be required to give effect to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
Change of law 
The conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of England and Italy in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws 
or administrative practice of England or Italy after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross 
up payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to provisions of law commonly known as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), 
the Issuer and other non-U.S. financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all, or a portion of, “foreign passthru payments”. 
According to Proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, such withholding should begin no earlier than 2 years after 
the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru payments. Such 
withholding may have to be made in respect of such foreign passthru payments on (i) any Notes characterized as 
debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued or 
materially modified after the date that is six months after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury 
Regulations defining the term “foreign passthru payments” and (ii) any Notes characterized as equity for U.S. 
federal tax purposes, whenever issued.  
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 ("IGA"), ratified by way of Law No. 
95 on 18 June 2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015. The Issuer is

--- Page 28 ---
28 
now required to report certain information in relation to its U.S. account holders to the Italian tax authorities in 
order (i) to obtain an exemption from FATCA withholding on certain payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply 
with any applicable Italian law. However, it is not yet certain how the United States and Italy will address 
withholding on “foreign passthru payments” (which may include payments on the Notes) or if such withholding 
will be required at all. 
This withholding tax may be triggered on payments on the Notes where the Issuer or the Paying Agent is a 
foreign financial institution ("FFI") that is required to withhold on "foreign passthru payments", that it makes to 
a "recalcitrant account holder" or another FFI that is neither a "participating FFI" nor a "deemed-compliant FFI" 
(as such terms are defined in FATCA, including any accompanying U.S. regulations or guidance). The IGA may 
modify such withholding tax requirements.  
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments on the Notes as a result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other person would be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive 
amounts that are less than expected. An investor who is able to claim the benefits of an income tax treaty 
between its own jurisdiction and the United States may be entitled to a refund of amounts withheld pursuant to 
the FATCA rules, though the investor would have to file a U.S. tax return to claim this refund and would not be 
entitled to interest from the US Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for the period prior to the refund. 
However, whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the ICSDs, in all but the most remote 
circumstances, it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect 
of, the Notes by the Issuer, any paying agent and the common depositary and common safekeeper, given that 
each of the entities in the payment chain between the Issuer and the participants in the ICSDs is a major 
financial institution whose business is dependent on compliance with FATCA. Further, FFIs in a jurisdiction 
that has entered into an IGA with the United States are generally not expected to be subject to being withheld 
upon under FATCA or an IGA unless such FFI is treated as a nonparticipating FFI. The documentation 
expressly contemplates the possibility that the Notes may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be 
taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA 
withholding. However, definitive Notes will only be printed in remote circumstances.  
FATCA withholding, if ever required, may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the payment 
chain leading to the Issuer, or the ultimate investor, if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to 
receive payments free of FATCA withholding. FATCA withholding may also affect payment to any ultimate 
investor that is an FFI that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate 
investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made 
free of FATCA withholding. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and to 
understand how FATCA might affect each Noteholder in its specific circumstances.  
Future discontinuance of LIBOR or EURIBOR may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and/or 
Reset Rate Notes which reference LIBOR or EURIBOR 
The United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, has indicated through a serie of 
announcement that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 2021. 
Similar concerns apply to EURIBOR. In particular, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk 
free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the Euro area. On 6 November 2019 the euro risk free-rate working group 
published a set of guiding principles and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other 
things, new euro denominated cash products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles 
indicate, among other things, that continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust 
fallback provisions) may increase the risk to the euro area financial system. 
On 1 July 2020, the Financial Stability Board published a statement on the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 
on global benchmark reform. The statement confirms that the view remains that firms across all jurisdictions 
should continue to ensure that their transition programmes enable them to transition to LIBOR alternatives 
before the end of 2021, although it acknowledges that that some aspects of firms' transition plans are likely to be 
temporarily disrupted or delayed by the pandemic.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The disappearance of a "benchmark" or 
changes in the manner of administration of a "benchmark" could require or result in adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions (as described in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes) or result in adverse consequences to holders of any securities linked to 
such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes whose interest rates are linked 
to LIBOR or EURIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the 
implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential 
changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the 
return on the relevant Notes and the trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. 
Even if the rate determination agent is able to determine an appropriate replacement rate for any benchmark, if 
the replacement of the benchmark with the replacement rate would result in a MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event or (in the case of Subordinated Notes only) a Regulatory Event, the rate of interest will not be changed, 
but will instead be fixed on the basis of the last available quotation of the benchmark. This could occur if, for 
example, the switch to the replacement rate would create an incentive to redeem the relevant Notes that would 
be inconsistent with the relevant requirements necessary to maintain the regulatory status of the Notes. While 
this mechanism will ensure that the Notes will not become subject to a potential regulatory event-based 
redemption, it will result in the Notes being effectively converted to fixed rate instruments. Investors holding 
such Notes might incur costs from unwinding hedges. Moreover, in a rising interest rate environment, holders of 
such Notes will not benefit from any increase in rates. The trading value of the Notes could as a consequence be 
adversely affected. 
The Conditions provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a published benchmark, such as 
LIBOR or EURIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
reference bond rate, a successor rate or an alternative reference rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable 
in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the 
replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative 
reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset 
Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters when making their investment 
decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Notes linked to a "benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways 
which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, without any requirement that the consent of such holders be 
obtained. 
Euroclear and Clearstream transfers, payments and communications procedures 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Notes, investors will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial 
interests in the global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, investors will be able 
to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Notes are represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations 
under the Notes by making payments to the common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial 
interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" or "Sustainability 
Bond" 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
"green" purposes ("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Projects"), "social" purposes ("Social Bonds" and 
"Eligible Social Projects") or a combination of "green" and "social" purposes ("Sustainability Bonds" and 
"Eligible Sustainability Projects" and, together with the Eligible Green Projects and Eligible Social Projects, 
the "Eligible Projects").  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of Proceeds"  and in 
the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such 
investor deems necessary 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“green”, in the case of Green Bonds, “social”, in the case of Social Bonds, or “sustainable”, in the case of 
Sustainability Bonds, or be given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or 
consensus will develop over time. The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through 
voluntary measures, such as by complying with the relevant set of principles published by the International 
Capital Market Association ("ICMA"), notably green bond principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social 
bond principles (the "Social Bond Principles") and sustainability bond principles (the "Sustainability Bond 
Principles", and together with the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, the " Principles"), or by 
obtaining an external review.  
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through 
transparency, disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible 
Projects and give other guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond. However, given a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of 
current market views and the ongoing development in the understanding of environmental and social issues and 
their consequences, a degree of uncertainty with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", "social" 
or "sustainability", and as s result which bonds qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be 
inevitable. 
On 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political agreement on a regulation 
to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development (the "EU Taxonomy"). On 9 March 2020, the 
European Union Technical Expert Group published its final report on the EU Taxonomy containing 
recommendations relating to the overarching design of the EU Taxonomy, as well as extensive implementation 
guidance on how companies and financial institutions can use and disclose against the taxonomy, including in 
relation to a future European standard for green bonds proposed by the Technical Expert Group on Sustainable 
Finance in 2019 (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). On 15 April 2020, the Council adopted by written 
procedure its position at first reading with respect to the Taxonomy Regulation. The European Parliament will 
have to vote on the text pursuant to the "early second reading agreement" procedure. On 12 June 2020, the 
European Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green Bond Standard. These 
texts are still to be implemented and the final texts may vary from the current recommendations, which may 
have an impact on the Notes that cannot be predicted at this stage. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
- 
the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply in accordance with any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio

--- Page 31 ---
31 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability 
impact of any Eligible Projects); 
 
- 
any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Projects. 
Moreover, where adverse impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the relevant Eligible Project may 
become controversial and may generate negative market opinion;  
 
- 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any external reviews (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Notes and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, social and/or 
sustainability criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any suchexternal reviews, when made, shall not be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus norshall be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any 
such external review shall only be current as of its date. Prospective investors must determine for 
themselves the relevance of any such review and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of such review for the purpose of any investment in such Notes. Currently, only some of the 
providers of such external reviews are subject to existing professional standards (professional 
accountants) and/or subject to regulatory regimes (regulated credit rating agencies), with the rest of the 
providers not being subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", 
"sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as 
regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, 
whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or 
investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or 
sustainability impact of a relevant  Eligible Project. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
With reference to any Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that the proceeds will be used 
to finance or refinance Eligible Projects, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds of any 
Notes in such a manner, there can be no assurance that the relevant projects will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green, Social or Sustainability Projects. 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at all 
or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated 
by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Notes. Any failure to 
apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any opinion 
or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with 
any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Notes no longer being 
listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material 
adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to 
finance or refinance Eligible Projects,, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Accordingly, there is 
no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes. If a market does develop, it 
may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will

--- Page 32 ---
32 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. If the 
Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount to their initial offering price, 
depending upon prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the 
financial conditions of the Issuer. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest 
rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would 
generally have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes, although application has been made 
to list the Notes on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that 
exchange rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency 
may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent 
market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Rating 
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings 
to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or 
the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the 
applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase 
above the rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate 
Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no 
omission likely to affect its import. 
Certification of the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports, pursuant to Article 
154-bis, paragraph 2 of Consolidated Finance Act. 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports, Marco Bonfatti, declares in accordance 
with Article 154-bis, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Finance Act, that the accounting data contained in this 
Base Prospectus agrees with the underlying documents, books of accounting entries.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents 
shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof that can be obtained at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191143065/Article+of+Association.pdf/622ad5c3-
8a10-97d1-49ce-4dd921339650?version=1.0&t=1602155364481&download=true  
2. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2020.pdf/e9e0cae3-4670-7f7e-94b8-
c211dc7423c4?version=1.0&t=1599140201210&download=true  
3. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can 
be obtained at the webpage: 
 https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Annual+Report+2019.pdf/b8a138e9-
9368-0fc5-c209-63c59d4a7ad1?version=1.0&t=1591217493567&download=true;  
4. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018, that can 
be obtained at the webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191236001/Annual+Report+2018.pdf/63651c7d-561d-
c7b2-da3e-c5db2c7f42ca?version=1.0&t=1561666553367&download=true; 
5. 
BPER Group press release dated 4 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations 
as 
at 
30 
September 
2020”, 
that 
can 
be 
obtained 
at 
the 
webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/0/20.11.04+Press+release+BPER+Group+Results+9M
20+with+annexes.pdf/b324610c-517c-2269-304a-825590fc1a88?t=1604508791578. 
The Issuer confirms that the results as at 31 December 2019 referred to in the Issuer’s consolidated audited 
annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting 
principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019 have been compiled on the basis of the established 
financial reporting process of the Issuer using the same accounting principles, criteria and assumptions as have 
been used in the consolidated annual reports of the Issuer for the year ended on 31 December 2018 (other than 
as regards IFRS 19 which came into force in 2019). 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto); (ii) Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; (iii) Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; (iv) the Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; and (v) the BPER Group press release 
dated 4 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations as at 30 September 2020”.  
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as 
at 30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 103 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 104 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 105 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 107 to 108 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 109 to 245 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Page 251 (reference 
is to the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2019 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 112 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 113 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 114 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 115 to 116 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 117 to 466 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 471 to 480 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s 
consolidated 
audited 
annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2018 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 104 to 105 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 107 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders’ equity 
Page 108 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 109 to 110 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 111 to 431 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 438 to 448 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group Press release dated 4 
November 2020 entitled “Consolidated 
interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2020” 
Entire document 
All 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified 
several alternative performance measures (“APM”). The management believes that these APMs provide useful 
information for investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, 
because they facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base 
Prospectus contains alternative performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the 
management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance. 
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2020, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
It should be noted that:  
(i) the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of the 
future performance;  
(ii) the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements of 
BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measure of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance with 
IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;

--- Page 37 ---
37 
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, the 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019 and the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; 
(v) since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER 
Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance should 
not be placed on these data;  
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as not incorporated by 
reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The information incorporated by reference relating to the Issuer’s by-laws contains additional information which 
is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 of 14 March 
2019 supplementing Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council as regards the 
format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Commission Regulation (EC) No 809/2004 
(“Commission Regulation 2019/980”). 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Regulation 2019/980. 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020 has 
been subject to limited review by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as independent auditor 
of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2018 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated 
in its reports thereon.  
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy, and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. 
The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by 
reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent 
auditor of the Issuer, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the in this 
Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union 
under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained at the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed 
to the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as 
required by the above mentioned Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market of the Notes, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time 
during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes and 
whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to 
make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of 
the Issuer, and the rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall 
supply to each Dealer such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES 
 
The following overview of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, 
and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and 
conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in 
the sections headed "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" or, as the case 
may be, "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this 
overview of key features of the Programme. 
 
 
Issuer: 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Bank" or the "Issuer") 
 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI) 
N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2021) 
 
 
Lead Arranger: 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
 
Dealers : 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
Barclays Bank PLC 
BNP Paribas 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Global Market Europe A.G. 
 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Goldman Sachs International 
 
 
 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan Securities AG 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. 
(together, the "Dealers") 
 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
 
Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent: 
Citibank N.A., London Branch  
 
Trustee (for the English Law 
Notes): 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
 
Programme Amount: 
The aggregate nominal amount outstanding in respect of Notes under the 
Programme at any time shall not exceed €6,000,000,000 (or its

--- Page 40 ---
40 
equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue of the relevant Notes).  
The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance 
with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
restrictions and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be 
denominated in such currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s) and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee (as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Maturities: 
The Notes may have any Maturity Period subject to compliance with all 
relevant legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
 
 
Where Senior Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year and 
either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must:  (i) have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to persons whose 
ordinary activities include acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; 
or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 (the general prohibition) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base 
Prospectus: 
(i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity 
Period of twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 
91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act 
and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted 
for such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and may be 
redeemable only subject to the prior authorisation of the Bank of 
Italy, when required; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five 
years, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations, and 
may be redeemable only subject to Relevant Authority prior 
authorisation, when required. 
 
Denomination:  
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal 
and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Notes (other than the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) will be no less than Euro 100,000 (or its equivalent in 
another currency), while Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued under the 
Programme will have a denomination of at least Euro 250,000 (or, 
where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency).  
 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes of a Tranche will be in bearer form and will initially be 
represented by a Temporary Global Note. Each global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" 
or "CGN"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the relevant Issue Date with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed 
clearance system as specified in the applicable Final Terms and each 
global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"New Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, will be deposited on or around the relevant Issue Date with a 
common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, upon request, as 
described therein for either a Permanent Global Note or definitive Notes 
in accordance with the provisions set out in the relevant Temporary 
Global Note and in each case not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date upon certification of non-US beneficial ownership as required by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations.  A Permanent Global Note will be 
exchangeable in whole but not in part for definitive Notes in accordance 
with its terms. Any interest in a global Note will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance 
system as appropriate. 
 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or interest may initially 
accrue at a fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or interest may 
initially accrue at a floating rate and then switch to a fixed rate. The 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the 
maturity date of the relevant Series. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such date or dates as agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) and on redemption. 
 
 
Interest will be calculated on such basis as may be agreed as indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued in a 
manner which qualifies such Notes as Reset Notes, then such Reset 
Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed 
rate of interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms by reference to a Mid-Market Swap Rate, as 
adjusted for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined by reference 
to one of the following:  
 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest 
rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency 
governed by an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended and updated as at 
the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series); or 
 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate (which, in the case of CMS 
Linked Interest Notes, will be the CMS Rate) appearing on an 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation service, 
 
 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate 
Notes. 
 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes, including 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes) may also 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
in respect of each Interest Period, as selected prior to the issue by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will be payable on the Interest Payment 
Dates specified in, or determined pursuant to, the applicable Final Terms 
and will be calculated on the basis indicated in Condition 3(c) (Interest 
on Floating Rates Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rates Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Fixed-Floating and Floating-
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with 
the Fixed Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in 
accordance with the Floating Rate Note provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with 
the Floating Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of late 
payment. 
 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For so long as: 
(i) 
it is required under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Senior Preferred 
Notes in accordance with the Senior Notes Conditions is subject to 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the 
Relevant Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the 
relevant Senior Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements, any redemption, purchase or modification of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes in accordance with the Senior Notes 
Conditions is subject to the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant 
Authority and the Relevant Authority granting permission to 
redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Subordinated Notes 
in accordance with the Subordinated Notes Conditions is subject 
to the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and such 
Relevant Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the 
relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the 
manner, required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
including Articles 77(b) and 78 of CRR), in compliance with any 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or purchase, 
as applicable, set out in the relevant Applicable Banking

--- Page 43 ---
43 
Regulations for the time being. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final Terms issued 
in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether the relevant Notes 
may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption and subject to all relevant legal and 
regulatory requirements. 
If the Notes are: 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall 
be subject to the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, 
when required; 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted by 
Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority and/or under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, 
the Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier than twelve 
months after the Issue Date, subject to the prior authorisation of 
the Relevant Authority, when required; and 
(iii) Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives, 
and/or 
the 
Relevant 
Authority’s 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier than five years after 
the Issue Date, subject to the Relevant Authority prior 
authorisation when required.  
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and 
Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if Regulatory Call 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in 
whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate 
Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate 
Note): (i) in case of the Senior Notes, upon the occurrence of an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes), and (ii) in case of Subordinated 
Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as 
"Tier II Capital", on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result 
of changes after the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with Applicable Banking Regulations. 
 
Variation or substitution 
following Tax Event, 
Regulatory Event or 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification 
Event 
In relation to the Notes of any Series, if Modification following Tax 
Event or (in relation to Subordinated Notes only) Regulatory Event is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, 
upon the occurrence of Tax Event or Regulatory Event, substitute or 
modify the terms and conditions (in each case all but not some only) of 
such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying 
Securities, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary 
to ensure that no Tax Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such 
modification, provided that the relevant conditions set forth in 
Condition 11 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 10 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and

--- Page 44 ---
44 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are satisfied. 
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes (only), if Modification 
following an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the 
occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, substitute (all 
but not some only) of such Senior Notes or modify the terms and 
conditions of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such 
modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, provided 
that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 11 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law 
Notes are satisfied. 
Taxation: 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes 
or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Italy 
unless the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will 
(subject to Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditons for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and 
Conditons for the Italian Law Notes) pay such additional amounts in 
respect of principal and interest in the case of Senior Notes (if permitted 
by MREL/TLAC Requirements) and interest only in the case of 
Subordinated Notes as will result in the Noteholders receiving such 
amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had no 
such withholding been required. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer on a senior preferred basis (the 
"Senior Preferred Notes") or a senior non-preferred basis (the "Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes", and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, 
the "Senior Notes") and on a subordinated basis (the "Subordinated 
Notes"), as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
(i) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at 
all times pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law)  at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes from time to time, including Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Issuer. (as set out in Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 
2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for 
the Italian Law Notes)  
(ii) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all 
times pari passu and without any preference among themselves (as set 
out in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and in Condition 2(c) 
(Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the Italian Law Notes). 
In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer,

--- Page 45 ---
45 
the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and the relative coupons as the case may be, will rank 
in right of payment: (A) after any present or future unsubordinated 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes 
and their respective coupons) of the Issuer but, (B) at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsubordinated and non -referred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms or mandatory provisions of law to rank junior or senior to such 
Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and (C) in priority to any present 
or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of 
the shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(iii) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves (as set out  in Condition 2(d) (Status 
of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law 
Notes and in Condition 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes). 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding up or bankruptcy 
(including, 
inter 
alia, 
Liquidazione 
Coatta 
Amministrativa, 
Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione Volontaria (the latter as 
described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of the 
Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated 
Notes and the related Coupons and Vouchers shall rank in right of 
payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, (B) but at least 
pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank 
junior to or senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, and (C) in 
priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and of the 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
Negative pledge: 
The Notes will not contain any negative pledge provision. 
 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will not contain any cross-default provision.  
 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to 
be listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each issue. 
Unlisted Notes may also be issued under the Programme. The Final 
Terms relating to each relevant Notes will state whether or not such 
Notes are to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation and, if so, by 
which listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
 
Governing Law: 
The English Law Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the English Law Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for (A) with respect 
to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes), 4(a) (At Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes, which are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law, and (B) with respect to the Subordinated

--- Page 46 ---
46 
Notes, Conditions 2(d)(Status of Subordinated Notes), 4(a) (At 
Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, which are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Furthermore, Condition 18 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in 
Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it shall 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.   
The Italian Law Notes and all non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Italian Law Notes will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian law 
Ratings: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where an issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the 
same as any rating applicable to the Programme. Details of the rating, if 
any, attributable to a Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at 
any time by the assigning rating agency. 
 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in 
the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or in the United 
Kingdom, or (2) issued by a credit rating agency or in the United 
Kingdom which is not established in the European Union but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency which is established in the European 
Union and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit 
rating agency which is not established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA or in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA or in the United 
Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA or in the United Kingdom and registered under the CRA regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA or in the United Kingdom which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
 
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is obliged to 
maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation, which may be found 
on the following page: at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk. 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain selling restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the 
United States of America, the European Economic Area, the United 
Kingdom, Italy, Japan, Singapore and France, see "Subscription and 
Sale" below.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
FORM OF THE NOTES  
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented initially by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global Note") in 
bearer form without vouchers, interest coupons or talons. Each Temporary Global Note which is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be delivered to a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in 
NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the 
use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro 
(the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled.  At the same time the ECB also 
announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg 
as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN 
form is used. 
The applicable Final Terms will also specify either that the United States Treasury Regulation 
§1.1635(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a 
maturity of more than 365 days, that the TEFRA D Rules are not applicable. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest (if any) due 
prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Note 
if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a 
form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary Global Note are not 
US persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any US person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
Regulations has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Agent.  Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, 
whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance 
system approved by the Issuer, the Agent and, in the case of English Law Notes, the Trustee. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes, interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable upon request as described therein either for 
interests in a permanent global note ("Permanent Global Note") without vouchers, interest coupons or talons 
for the Series of Notes to which the relevant Tranche of Notes relates or for Notes in definitive form ("definitive 
Notes" or "Definitive Notes") (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive 
Notes, with, where applicable, vouchers, interest coupons and talons attached, to such notice period as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described 
in the preceding paragraph unless certification has already been given. On and after the Exchange Date, the 
holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to receive any payment of interest or principal thereon. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes (as defined in "Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes" below) and pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as defined under 
“Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes”), the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code and an ISIN by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other 
Tranche of the same Series until at least 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes of such 
Tranche as notified by the Agent to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note 
if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for 
certification. Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in accordance with its 
terms. Global Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the English Law 
Notes or the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes (as applicable) and, in the case of English Law Notes, 
the Trust Deed. 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes, definitive Notes, vouchers, interest coupons, and talons in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE."

--- Page 48 ---
48 
The Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes (which, in the case of English Law Notes, must be approved by the 
Trustee prior to the relative Issue Date) will contain such of the following information as is applicable in respect 
of the Notes of such Tranche (all references to numbered Conditions being to the Terms and Conditions of such 
Notes): 
Types of Notes 
1. 
whether the Notes are to be senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred 
notes (the "Senior-Non Preferred Notes" and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior 
Notes"), or subordinated notes (the "Subordinated Notes"); 
2. 
the interest or payment basis applicable to the Notes (the "Interest/Payment Basis") which depends on 
whether such Notes are: 
(A) 
Notes bearing interest on a fixed rate basis ("Fixed Rate Notes"); 
(B) 
Notes bearing interest on a floating rate basis ("Floating Rate Notes"), including where the 
interest payable is linked to the CMS Rate ("CMS Linked Interest Notes"); 
(C) 
Notes issued on a non-interest bearing basis ("Zero Coupon Notes"); 
(D) 
Notes bearing interest on a fixed rate basis for an initial period, and thereafter the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms by 
reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted for any applicable margin ("Reset Notes"); 
(E) 
Notes redeemable in instalments ("Instalment Notes"), or 
any combination of the foregoing as may be agreed; 
3. 
in the case of Instalment Notes, the amount of each such instalment (each an "Instalment Amount", the 
final such Instalment Amount being the "Final Redemption Amount") and the dates on which each 
instalment is repayable (each an "Instalment Date"); 
Description of the Notes 
4. 
whether interests in the Temporary Global Note are exchangeable for: 
(A) 
interests in a Permanent Global Note and (unless otherwise specified) further exchangeable for 
definitive Notes in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note; or 
(B) 
definitive Notes and any relevant notice period required; 
5. 
whether talons for future coupons are to be attached to definitive Notes on issue and, if so, the date on 
which such talons mature; 
6. 
 
(A) 
the Series number; 
(B) 
the Tranche number; and 
(C) 
details (including the date, if any, on which the Notes become fully fungible) if forming part of 
an existing Series; 
7. 
 
(A) 
the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes to be issued (the "Nominal Amount") and the 
aggregate nominal amount of the Series (if there is more than one Tranche of the Series);  
(B) 
the currency in which such Notes are denominated (the "Specified Currency") and the 
denomination(s) of such Notes (the "Specified Denomination(s)"); 
8. 
the price (expressed as a percentage of the Nominal Amount) at which such Notes will be issued (the 
"Issue Price"); 
9. 
the date on which such Notes will be issued (the "Issue Date");

--- Page 49 ---
49 
10. 
in the case of interest-bearing Notes, the date from which such Notes bear interest (if different from the 
Issue Date) (the "Interest Commencement Date"); 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) payable 
General 
11. 
if the Notes are convertible automatically or at the option of the Issuer and/or the holders of Notes into 
Notes of another Interest/Payment Basis, details of such conversion including the date(s) upon which 
such conversion will occur or such option(s) may be exercised and the new Interest/Payment Basis; 
Fixed Rate Notes 
12. 
 
(A) 
the rate(s) at which the Notes bear interest (which may remain the same throughout the life of 
the Notes or increase and/or decrease) (the "Fixed Rate(s) of Interest"); 
(B) 
the date(s) on which interest is payable (which may occur once or more than once in each year 
and which date(s) may or may not be the same throughout the life of the Notes) (each an 
"Interest Payment Date"); 
(C) 
where the Interest Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, the amount of the first 
payment of interest (the "Initial Broken Amount"); 
(D) 
where the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, the amount of the final payment of 
interest (the "Final Broken Amount");  
(E) 
the amount (each a "Broken Amount") and the Interest Payment Date(s) of any other 
payments of interest not amounting to a full years interest; 
Zero Coupon Notes 
13. 
the amortisation yield (if any) in respect of such Notes (the "Accrual Yield");  
Floating Rate Notes 
14. 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, including: 
(A) 
the margin (if any) (the "Margin") (which may remain the same throughout the life of the 
Notes or increase and/or decrease), specifying whether such Margin is to be added to, or 
subtracted from, the relevant ISDA Rate (as defined in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes)) or, as the case may be, the Reference Rate (as defined 
below); 
(B) 
where the Rate of Interest is to be determined by reference to the ISDA Definitions (as defined 
and described in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA 
Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law Notes) 
("ISDA Determination"): 
(i) 
the "Floating Rate Option"; 
(ii) 
the "Designated Maturity"; and 
(iii) 
the "Reset Date(s)", 
if other than as provided in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) 
(ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes) of the Terms and Conditons for the Italian Law 
Notes; or

--- Page 50 ---
50 
(C) 
where the Rate of Interest is to be determined by reference to a screen based quotation ("Screen 
Rate Determination"): 
(i) 
the rate (the "Reference Rate") by reference to which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined (the Reference Rate should also include the relevant period by reference to 
which the Rate of Interest is to be calculated, e.g. three month Sterling LIBOR); 
(ii) 
the dates on which the Rate of Interest is to be determined (each an "Interest 
Determination Date"); 
(iii) 
the page (the "Relevant Screen Page"), whatever its designation, on which the 
Reference Rate is for the time being displayed on the Reuter Monitor Money Rates 
Service (or such other service as is specified in the applicable Final Terms);  
(iv) 
in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes only, the reference currency and the 
designated maturity which are used for the purposes of calculating the CMS Rate; 
15. 
 
(A) 
 
(i) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"); or 
(ii) 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period after the preceding Interest Payment Date 
or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date; 
(B) 
the minimum rate of interest ("Rate of Interest"), if any, at which the Notes will bear interest 
(which may remain the same throughout the life of the Notes or increase and/or decrease) (the 
"Minimum Interest Rate"); 
(C) 
the maximum Rate of Interest, if any, at which the Notes will bear interest (which may remain 
the same throughout the life of the Notes or increase and/or decrease) (the "Maximum Interest 
Rate"); 
(D) 
if any Interest Payment Date (or other date) is to be subject to a business day convention, which 
may be: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention; 
(ii) 
the Following Business Day Convention; 
(iii) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention; 
(iv) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention; 
each as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for 
the English Law Notes and in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes;   
(E) 
any location to be open for business for the purposes of determining Interest Payment Dates 
pursuant to Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes and Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes, if other than London or the principal financial centre of 
the Specified Currency (each an "Additional Business Centre"). 
Reset Notes 
16. 
 
(a) 
the fixed rate basis (each an "Initial Rate of Interest") for an initial period; 
(b) 
the date(s) on which the interest rate will be reset (each a "Reset Determination Date") to the 
sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date;

--- Page 51 ---
51 
(c) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year (each an "Interest Payment Date"). 
Provisions regarding Redemption/Maturity 
17. 
the day on which the Notes (unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled) will be redeemed 
(the "Maturity Date") and the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity 
Date (the “Maturity Period”); 
18. 
 
(A) 
whether the Notes are to be redeemable at the option of the Issuer (other than for taxation 
reasons) and/or the Noteholders; 
(B) 
the date(s) upon which redemption may occur (each an "Optional Redemption Date") and the 
redemption price(s) for the Notes (each an "Optional Redemption Amount"); and 
(C) 
in the case of Notes redeemable by the Issuer in part, the minimum nominal amount of the 
Notes permitted to be so redeemed at any time (the "Minimum Redemption Amount") and 
any greater nominal amount of the Notes permitted to be so redeemed at any time (each a 
"Higher Redemption Amount"), if any; 
19. 
the amount at which each Note will be redeemed under Condition 4(a) (At Maturity) or Condition 4(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons) of the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes and under 
Condition 4(a) (At Maturity) or Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons) of the Terms and 
Conditions for the Italian Law Notes (the "Final Redemption Amount"), expressed as a percentage of 
the nominal amount of the Notes; 
20. 
the redemption amount (the "Early Redemption Amount") in respect of the Notes payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default. 
General Provisions Applicable to an Issue of Notes 
21. 
details of any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer, the Agent and, in the 
case of English Law Notes, the Trustee; 
22. 
the method of distribution of the Notes (syndicated or non-syndicated) including, if syndicated, the 
names of the managers; 
23. 
if syndicated, details of the stabilising manager; 
24. 
whether or not such Notes are to be listed on any stock exchange; 
25. 
Common Code for Euroclear and Clearstream Luxembourg and the ISIN; 
26. 
whether or not the Notes are rated; and 
27. 
the net proceeds of the Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes to be governed under English Law 
(respectively, the English Law Notes or the Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the English Law Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions) which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive 
Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes shall specify terms which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each global Note and each definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a 
description of the content of Final Terms, which will include the definition of certain terms used in the following 
Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of notes (the notes of such Series being hereinafter called the "Notes", which 
expression shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global 
Note and (iii) any global Note) issued under the terms of an amended and restated trust deed dated on or around 
16 December 2020 (the "Trust Deed") made between, inter alia, BPER Banca S.p.A. in its capacity as issuer of 
Notes (the "Issuer") and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. as trustee of the Notes (the "Trustee", 
which expression shall wherever the context permits include all other persons or companies for the time being 
acting as trustee of the Notes under the Trust Deed). The Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons (each 
as defined below) also have the benefit of an amended and restated agency agreement dated on or around 16 
December 2020 (the "Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes") and made between, inter alia, the 
Issuer, the Trustee, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connections with the Notes).   
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter 
referred to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or Interest Commencement Dates.  As used herein, "Tranche" means all 
Notes of the same Series which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons", the holders of which are "Couponholders") and, if indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons", the holders of which are "Talonholders") attached on issue. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons.  Definitive Notes repayable in instalments will have vouchers ("Vouchers", the 
holders of which are "Voucherholders") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. 
The Trustee acts for the benefit of the Noteholders in accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this 
Note and completes these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms are 
available for inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of each of the Trustee, the Agent 
and each of the other Paying Agents save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final 
Terms will only be available for inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series 
and such Noteholder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Trustee, the Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, 
as the case may be, as to its identity. The Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders are deemed 
to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement 
for the English Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, which are binding on them. Words and expressions 
defined in the Trust Deed or the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes or used in the applicable Final 
Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions unless the context otherwise 
requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement 
for the English Law Notes and the Trust Deed, the Trust Deed will prevail and, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes or the Trust Deed and the applicable Final Terms, 
the applicable Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
1. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and Definitive Notes 
will be serially numbered. 
The Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms.  If it is a Definitive Note, it is issued with Coupons attached, 
unless it is a Zero Coupon Note in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. If it is an Instalment Note in definitive form it is issued with Vouchers attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Vouchers and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer, the Trustee 
and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer of any Note, Voucher or Coupon as the absolute owner 
thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any 
previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the 
provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") or of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such 
Notes, the right to which shall be vested, as against the Issuer, any Paying Agent and the Trustee, solely in the 
bearer of the relevant global Note in accordance with and subject to its terms and the terms of the Trust Deed 
(and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).  Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
to the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interests in the Notes but excluding any interest in any Notes of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shown in the records of the other clearing system. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved 
by the Issuer, the Agent and the Trustee. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, including any successor regulations;  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other 
country in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the 
BRRD; and

--- Page 54 ---
54 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. The Issuer has covenanted in the Trust Deed that it will 
treat all Senior Preferred Notes equally and that all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of 
principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all the Senior Preferred Notes. 
(ii) 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may 
treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, 
but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred 
Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into 
common equity Tier 1 instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption 
Requirement"), if so required under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the 
powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that 
application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Preferred Notes is necessary 
pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment  
(A) 
after any present or future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, but  
(B) 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms or 
mandatory provisions of law to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and  
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority.  
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to 
have waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-
Preferred Note.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer 
may treat the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible 
liabilities, but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer 
satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in 
accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in 
Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes)), if so required under the BRRD and/or the 
SRM, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant 
Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to 
time. 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes  and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them constitute 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes 
will rank pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes and in priority to the claims of shareholders of 
the Issuer. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, each of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione 
Volontaria (the latter as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of 
the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Vouchers and Coupons shall rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, (B) but at least 
pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of 
Subordinated Notes, and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(iv) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Bank of Italy's Regulations.  
(v) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be 
treated as Tier II capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders 
shall not be affected if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as Tier II capital. However, 
the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(vi) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) may be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) 
(Status of Senior Preferred Notes)) in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if 
the Relevant Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Fixed Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date.  The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (i) as the same Rate of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a 
different Rate of Interest payable on one or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of 
a fixed Rate of Interest which is subject to one or more resets as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest 
Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will 
amount to the Final Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The applicable 
Final Terms may also specify other Broken Amounts and the Interest Payment Date(s) on 
which such Broken Amounts are payable in circumstances where payments of interest not 
amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified, such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 57 ---
57 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) 
"Regular Period" means (i) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of 
Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes where, apart from 
one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the

--- Page 58 ---
58 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall 
be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b):  
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected 
with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 3(b) 
(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or 
LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not euro. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) 
(Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b) (ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in 
arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business 
day convention specified is: 
(1) 
in 
any 
case 
where 
Interest 
Periods 
are 
specified 
in accordance 
with 
Condition 3(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which 
was launched on 19 November 2007; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any).  For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or such other person acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement

--- Page 61 ---
61 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the London inter-bank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-Zone 
inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that 
Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
Condition 3(c)(iv) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amounts) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this 
sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Relevant Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
(defined below) of the Specified Currency selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the Interest Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3:  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate.  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it 
means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as is 
selected by the Calculation Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means 
either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either 
Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-
bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions.  
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the 
Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or 
(B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a 
designated maturity of three months;  
(c) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of three months; and  
(d) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate.  If the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions 
of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The provisions relating to the 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
Where the Calculation Agent is not the Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset 
Notes - Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 66 ---
66 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Trustee, the Issuer, the Paying Agents 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice 
thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) as soon as possible after 
their determination but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period.  Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices). If the Calculation Amount is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by Trustee 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this 
Condition 3(c), the Trustee shall determine the Rate of Interest at such rate as, in its absolute 
discretion (having such regard as it shall think fit to the foregoing provisions of this Condition 
but subject always to any Minimum Interest Rate or Maximum Interest Rate specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and, as the 
case may be, the Trustee shall calculate the Interest Amount in such manner as it shall deem 
fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and each such determination or calculation shall be 
deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In the absence of fraud and gross 
negligence the Trustee shall have no liability to any person in connection with any 
determination or calculation it is required to make pursuant to this Condition 3(c)(vi). For the 
avoidance of doubt, this Condition 3(c)(vi) shall not apply if a Benchmark Event (as defined 
below) has occurred and Condition 3(f) becomes effective. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(c), whether by the Calculation Agent or the Trustee, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the 
Trustee, the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and 
(in the absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders, the Voucherholders or the 
Couponholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Trustee in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 67 ---
67 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the 
Note, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused.  In such event interest will continue to 
accrue as provided in the Trust Deed. 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or 
Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) 
applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provison 
in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) may also, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) changes to the Terms and Conditions in order 
to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or, as applicable, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, including but not limited to, the Additional Business Centre, Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Screen

--- Page 68 ---
68 
Page and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and (y) 
any other changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines 
are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
and, if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any 
changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the  Trustee, 
the Paying Agents and the Noteholders and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and the 
rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination. No later than notifying the Trustee of 
the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Trustee a certificate signed by two Authorised Persons 
(x) confirming the Successor Rate, or as the case may be, the Alternative Benchmark Rate and, 
where applicable, the Adjustment Spread, in each case determined pursuant to sub-paragraph 
(iv) above, (y) certifying that the consequential amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of the Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, and 
(z) certifying that the Issuer has duly consulted with the Independent Adviser with respect to 
each of the matters above or, if that is not the case, explaining, in reasonable detail, why the 
Issuer has not done so. The Trustee shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without enquiry 
or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate and Adjustment Spread (if any), and any such other relevant changes 
pursuant to this Condition 3(f) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest 
error in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and without prejudice to the Trustee’s ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Issuer, the Trustee, the Paying Agents and the 
Noteholders. Subject to receipt by the Trustee of such certificate, the Trustee shall, at the 
direction and expense of the Issuer, effect such consequential amendments to the Trust Deed 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of a deed supplemental to or amending the Trust Deed), 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions as the Issuer 
certifies are required to give effect to this Condition 3(f) and the Trustee shall not be liable to 
any party for any consequences thereof. No consent of the Noteholders shall be required in 
connection with affecting the Successor Rate, or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate or 
such other relevant changes pursuant to this Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any 
documents or taking any other steps by the Issuer and any of the parties to the Trust Deed and 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes; and 
(vi) 
if the application of an Alternative Benchmark Rate (and the Adjustment Spread, if applicable) 
determined pursuant to this Condition 3(f) would result in the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event and/or a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, no Alternative Benchmark Rate (and, the 
Adjustment Spread, if applicable) will be adopted, and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 69 ---
69 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration 
to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being 
authorised to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist;  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or  
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or  
(e) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will 
not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the 
relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 3(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; 
or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap 
floating leg benchmark rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of 
their nominal value) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes).  
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of 
twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Redemption for tax 
reasons is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer satisfies the Trustee, 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, that: 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would 
(notwithstanding its having used such endeavours as the Trustee shall consider reasonable) be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) on the occasion of 
the next payment in respect of Notes of the Series,  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above 
have occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) 
that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and  
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Trustee of (A) a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describing the facts leading thereto, and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"),

--- Page 71 ---
71 
the Issuer may,  at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Trustee, 
the Paying Agent and the Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes or CMS 
Linked Interest Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, repay all, but not some only , of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment provided that the date fixed for such repayment shall 
not be earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due.  Upon the expiry of such notice, 
the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior Notes), if 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Note (as the case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Trustee and the Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), to the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes (as the case may be), upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with 
respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be). 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the application or official 
interpretation of the relevant regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of a Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are excluded on the basis (1) that the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of 
any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event”, the Issuer is considered already subject to MREL/TLAC 
Requirements regardless of any transitional period which may apply to the mandatory application of the 
same.  
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD (as defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in Italy. 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Subordinated 
Notes), if Regulatory Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent 
that the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Trustee and, in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Trustee a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the 
Couponholders.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory 
Event) described in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii):  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) 
whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue 
Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV and the Banking Reform Package; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time;  
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 2006/49/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European 
Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone 
basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from 
time to time;

--- Page 73 ---
73 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole or, to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Issuer (whether on 
a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or 
regulatory provisions (including adopted by the European Union)  and, in case the Regulatory Event has 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that 
the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date;  
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, directive or 
other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time 
to time, as applicable. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent and 
the Trustee; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date.  Any such redemption must be of an amount equal 
to the Minimum Redemption Amount or a Higher Repayment Amount. In the case of a partial 
redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually 
by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued, or in 
accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at 
their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes in relation to which Notes are represented by a global 
Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection 
being hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  In the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of which 
definitive Notes have been issued, a list of the serial numbers of such Notes will be published in 
accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  
The aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued shall 
bear the same proportion to the aggregate amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate amount of 
Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued and are outstanding bears to the aggregate 
amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first 
mentioned amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the 
Specified Denomination; and the aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note 
shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes.  No exchange of the relevant global Note will be 
permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(d) and a statement to that effect shall be included in the original 
notice of redemption given by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to (i) above. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Not applicable to Subordinated Notes) - Put Option 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) shall not apply, if the Put Option 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of any Note giving notice 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
(or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
(f) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), the 
Notes will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the nominal amount. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, 
all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Voucher 
(which must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment 
against surrender of the relevant Note, all as more fully described in this Condition 4. 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(h) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of 
its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Vouchers and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any time, in any manner and at 
any price. In the case of any purchase, such Notes may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled.   
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the 
extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time.  
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 4(i) (Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith together, in the case of definitive Notes, with 
all unmatured Vouchers and Coupons surrendered therewith.  All Notes so cancelled may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes

--- Page 75 ---
75 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase of the Senior Notes in accordance with Conditions  
4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option) and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if and to 
extent then required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to either the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem, variate, substitute, or purchase the relevant Senior Notes. 
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute 
an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time 
of any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit 
the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, 
as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Conditions  4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option), and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if 
and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and such Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem, variate, substitute, or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each 
case to the extent, and in the manner, required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
including Articles 77(b) and 78 of CRR); and   
(ii)  
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption, 
variation, substitution, or purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant Applicable Banking 
Regulations for the time being. 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations 
permit the redemption, variation, substitution or purchase only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k), the Issuer shall 
comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).   
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
The Issuer and the Trustee have acknowledged and agreed in the Trust Deed that the obligations of the 
Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be discharged by the Issuer making payment to the 
relevant Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders as described below. 
(b) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or at the option of the 
payee by a Euro cheque.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal and accrued interest in respect of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have 
been issued will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
definitive Notes and payments of interest (other than rolled-up interest) in respect of the Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (as referred to below). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Notes in definitive form, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Voucher at the specified office of any Paying Agent.  
Each Voucher must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant 
definitive Note against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment.  If any definitive 
Note is redeemed or becomes redeemable prior to its Maturity Date, principal will be payable on 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of such definitive Note 
together with all unmatured Vouchers appertaining thereto.  Vouchers presented without the definitive 
Notes to which they appertain and unmatured Vouchers do not constitute valid obligations in respect of 
the Notes to which they relate. 
Each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which for this purpose shall be deemed to include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 13 (Prescription)).  Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining to the definitive Note relating thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note (including a CMS Interest Linked Note) represented by 
Notes in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Vouchers, Coupons and Talons (if any) 
appertaining to such definitive Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof. 
In the event that definitive Notes are issued, if the due date for redemption thereof is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Notes from and including the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant 
definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement), as the case may be, of such global Note to or to the order 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent, as the case may be.  A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such global Note distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will in the case of a classic global note ("CGN") (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) be made on such global Note by the Agent or other Paying Agent, as the case may be, and 
such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and in the case of 
a new global note ("NGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid.  Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes

--- Page 77 ---
77 
represented by a global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the 
relevant global Note.  Subject to Condition 10 (Enforcement, Indemnification and Liability of the 
Trustee) and the Trust Deed, no person other than the holder of the relevant global Note (or, as provided 
in the Trust Deed, the Trustee) shall have any claims against the Issuer in respect of any payments due 
in respect of the Notes represented by that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in respect of the Notes will only be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is both: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant 
place of presentation; and 
(b) 
a Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a 
Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global note are) deposited with a depositary, a common 
depositary, or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, "Payment Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET settlement day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms 
specify that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon, including 
Interest Payment Dates, is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant 
date of payment would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day 
convention specified is:  
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, 
such Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or pursuant to any 
undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or 
pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust 
Deed. 
6. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out 
below. 
The Issuer is entitled (with the prior written approval of the Trustee) to vary or terminate the appointment of any 
Paying Agent or any other paying agent appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes and/or appoint additional or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office 
through which any paying agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, traded and/or quoted on any stock exchange, listing 
authority and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, listing 
authority and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city approved by the Trustee in 
continental Europe; and  
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(c) (Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and 
Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Trustee and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) 
provided that no such variation, termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of 
insolvency) within 15 days before or after any Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 12 (Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons).  
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or 
of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, unless the deduction or 
withholding of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
in respect of, with regard to the Senior Notes only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC 
Requirements), and, with regard to the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Voucher or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been received in respect of the Notes, Voucher or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Voucher or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy other than 
the mere holding of the Note, Voucher or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, 
Voucher or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note, 
Voucher or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 as amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on which 
such payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the 
Trustee or the Agent on or prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such moneys shall 
have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer, the Trustee and/or any paying 
agent shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to (i) any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iii) any 
law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"), as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. None of the Issuer, the Trustee, the paying agent or any other person will 
be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder/investor for any such FATCA 
Withholding deducted or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional 
amounts which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 8 or any obligations 
undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Trust Deed. 
9. 
Events of Default 
Events of Default relating to Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes

--- Page 80 ---
80 
This Condition 9 applies to Senior Notes and to Subordinated Notes which may be issued by the Issuer and 
references to "Notes", "Noteholders", "Voucherholders" and "Couponholders" in this Condition 9 shall be 
construed accordingly: 
(i) 
The Trustee at its discretion may, and if so directed in writing by the holders of Notes relating to at 
least one-fifth of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Noteholders shall (subject in each case to being indemnified to its satisfaction), give notice to the Issuer 
that the Notes are, and they shall (subject to the approval of the Relevant Authority, to the extent 
applicable) accordingly immediately become, due and repayable at their Early Redemption Amount (as 
described in Condition 4(f) (Redemption Amounts)) together, if appropriate, with accrued interest as 
provided in the Trust Deed if the Issuer is wound up or dissolved (otherwise than for the purposes of 
any amalgamation, merger or reconstruction on terms previously approved by the Trustee). 
(ii) 
The Trustee may at its discretion and without further notice institute such proceedings against the Issuer 
as it may think fit to enforce any obligation, condition or provision binding on the Issuer under the 
Trust Deed or in relation to the Notes.  The Trustee shall not in any event be bound to take any of the 
actions referred to in this paragraph unless it shall have been so directed in writing by the holders of 
Notes relating to at least one-fifth of the nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or by an 
Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders and subject to being indemnified to its satisfaction. 
(iii) 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 9 or in the Trust 
Deed shall be available to the Trustee or the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders whether 
for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or under the Trust Deed or in respect of any 
breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Trust Deed or in relation to the Notes or 
otherwise.  
10. 
Enforcement, Indemnification and Liability of the Trustee 
Only the Trustee may enforce the obligations of the Issuer, arising in relation to the Notes and the Trust Deed 
and no Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder shall be entitled to proceed against the Issuer. 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of the Trustee and for its relief from responsibility, 
including provisions relieving it from any obligation to take proceedings to enforce repayment of the Notes 
unless indemnified to its satisfaction. 
The Trustee is entitled to enter into business transactions with the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries without 
accounting for any profit resulting therefrom. 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any matter affecting 
their interests, including the modification of these Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the 
Vouchers, the Coupons or the terms of the Notes. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary 
Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of Notes relating to a clear 
majority of the nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any such adjourned meeting 
one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of the Notes whatever the nominal amount of 
the Notes, except that at any meeting, the business of which includes, inter alia, reduction of the amount, 
variation of the currency or postponement of the date for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, 
the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or 
representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, 
in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Any resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The Trustee may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, to any 
modification (subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions, the Trust Deed, the Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons or the 
terms of the Notes or determine that any event which would or might otherwise be an event of default shall not 
be treated as such if, in the opinion of the Trustee, the interests of the Noteholders will not be materially 
prejudiced thereby or to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to 
correct a manifest error. In addition, the Trustee shall be obliged to concur with the Issuer in effecting any 
modifications to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the Trust Deed, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in Condition 3(f)

--- Page 81 ---
81 
(Benchmark replacement) without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders. Any such 
modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, Voucherholders and 
Couponholders and, unless the Trustee agrees otherwise, any such modification shall be notified to the 
Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices).  The Trust Deed also 
provides for a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders to be as effective and binding 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at a meeting of the Noteholders.  
The Issuer and the Trustee may convene a meeting of Noteholders jointly with the holders of some or all other 
Series of notes issued under the terms of the Trust Deed and not forming a single Series with the Notes, to which 
meeting the provisions referred to above shall apply as if the Notes and all such other notes formed part of the 
same Series, provided that, in the opinion of the Trustee, the proposals to be considered at such meeting affect 
the rights of the holders of the notes of each Series attending the meeting in identical respects (save only insofar 
as the Terms and Conditions applicable to each such Series are not identical). 
The Trustee shall, in connection with the exercise by it of the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions 
(including but not limited to those in relation to any proposed modification, waiver, authorisation, 
determination, replacement, transfer or substitution) vested in it by the Trust Deed or these Terms and 
Conditions, have regard to the interests of the Noteholders as a class or (as the case may be) to the holders of all 
the notes outstanding under the Trust Deed as a class and in particular, but without prejudice to the generality of 
the foregoing, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Noteholders, 
Voucherholders and Couponholders and shall have absolute and uncontrolled discretion as to the exercise 
thereof. 
If at any time a Tax Event or Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, 
and receiving any required consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Trustee and the holders of the relevant Notes of that Tranche, at any time either substitute all (but 
not some only) of the Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they remain or, 
as appropriate, become, Qualifying Securities, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no Tax Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such modification, provided that such variation 
or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities or 
otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant  Authority (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Trustee and the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time either substitute 
all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior 
Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that 
no MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. Any 
modification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with the limitations imposed by applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Notes than the terms of the Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms 
which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC 
Requirements or, as the case may be, for the Tier II Capital; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes; and (E) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution; and     
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 82 ---
82 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to 
count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights 
as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and 
that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior 
Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and  
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Voucher, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (or such other place as may be notified to 
the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred by the Issuer and such Paying Agent in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Issuer and the Trustee may require.  Mutilated or defaced 
Notes, Vouchers, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date.  Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
14. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published (a) in one leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  It is expected that publication of notices will 
normally be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication in both the required newspapers.  The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited, in the case of a CGN, with a common depositary or, in the 
case of an NGN, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and for so long as Notes are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to

--- Page 83 ---
83 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange, the rules of that stock exchange so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in 
its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the Noteholders.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, such notice 
may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Noteholders 
in accordance with this Condition. 
15. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or 
Couponholders to issue further notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save 
for the date of, and the amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with the outstanding Notes 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
16. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Trust Deed and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed and the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, except for (A) 
with respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Conditions 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 4(a) (At 
Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), which are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law, and (B) with respect to the Subordinated Notes, Conditions 2(d) 
(Status of Subordinated Notes), 4(a) (At Maturity), and 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call), which are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. Furthermore, Condition 18 
(Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of England and Wales have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or 
connected with the Trust Deed or the Notes (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination 
of the Trust Deed or the Notes or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Trust 
Deed or the Notes) or the consequences of the nullity of the Trust Deed or the Notes. The Issuer agrees that the 
courts of England are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, it will 
not argue to the contrary. The submission to jurisdiction is for the benefit of the Trustee and the Noteholders 
only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 16 (Governing law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents the Trustee 
and the Noteholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with 
jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Trustee or any Noteholder may take concurrent proceedings in 
any number of jurisdictions. 
The Issuer agrees that the documents, which start any Proceedings and any other documents required to be 
served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being delivered to Pini Franco LLP, whose office 
is currently situated at 22-24 Ely Place, London EC1N 6TE.  If such person is not or ceases to be effectively 
appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand of the 
Trustee or any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer appoint a further person in England to accept 
service of process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, the Trustee or any Noteholder 
shall be entitled to appoint such a person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer.  
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of the Trustee or any Noteholder to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.  This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings elsewhere. 
17. 
Rights of Third Parties 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of 
Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
18. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition 
of the Notes each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 18, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by the effects of the exercise of 
the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if 
any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed 
necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and 
these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect, save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with this Condition 18. 
In this Condition 18: 
 "Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, 
as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other 
affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 85 ---
85 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes to be governed under Italian Law 
(respectively, the Italian Law Notes or the Notes and the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes or 
the Terms and Conditions) which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and each definitive 
Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have 
endorsed thereon or attached thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms in relation to any 
Tranche of Notes shall specify terms which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Notes.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, 
each global Note and each definitive Note.  Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a 
description of the content of Final Terms, which will include the definition of certain terms used in the following 
Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of notes (the notes of such Series being hereinafter called the "Notes", which 
expression shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified 
Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global 
Note and (iii) any global Note. The Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons (each as defined below) 
have the benefit of an agency agreement dated on or around 16 December 2020 (the "Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes") and made between, the Issuer, Citibank N.A., London Branch as issuing and principal 
paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents 
named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents appointed from time to time in connections with the Notes).   
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter 
referred to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or Interest Commencement Dates.  As used herein, "Tranche" means all 
Notes of the same Series which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons", the holders of which are "Couponholders") and, if indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms, talons for further Coupons ("Talons", the holders of which are "Talonholders") attached on issue. Any 
reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a 
reference to Talons or talons.  Definitive Notes repayable in instalments will have vouchers ("Vouchers", the 
holders of which are "Voucherholders") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final 
instalment) attached on issue. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this 
Note and completes these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Agent and each of the other Paying Agents 
save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its identity. The 
Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, 
which are binding on them. Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes 
or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and Conditions 
unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of inconsistency 
between the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and the applicable Final Terms, the applicable Final 
Terms will prevail.   
1. 
Form of the Notes 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and Definitive Notes 
will be serially numbered. 
The Note is a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate Note, a 
Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms.  If it is a Definitive Note, it is issued with Coupons attached,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
unless it is a Zero Coupon Note in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. If it is an Instalment Note in definitive form it is issued with Vouchers attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Vouchers and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreeemnt for the Italian Law Notes. The Issuer and any Paying Agent may deem and 
treat the bearer of any Note, Voucher or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") or of Clearstream Banking, société anonyme ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate 
or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of such Notes 
standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer any Paying Agents as the holder of such nominal amount of such 
Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such Notes, for which 
purpose the bearer of the relevent global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder 
of such nominal amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note 
(and the expressions "Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed 
accordingly).  Notes which are represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the 
rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
to the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interests in the Notes but excluding any interest in any Notes of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shown in the records of the other clearing system. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved 
by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, including any successor regulations;  
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other 
country in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility 
for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the 
BRRD; and 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among

--- Page 87 ---
87 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer.  
(ii) 
If a waiver of set-off rights is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, each 
holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer may 
treat the Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible liabilities, 
but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior 
Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred 
Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in accordance with 
Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(iv) 
The Senior Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into 
common equity Tier 1 instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption 
Requirement"), if so required under the BRRD and/or the SRM, in accordance with the 
powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that 
application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Preferred Notes is necessary 
pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of a winding up, dissolution, liquidation or bankruptcy 
(including, inter alia, Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment 
obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
Coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment  
(A) 
after any present or future unsubordinated creditors (including depositors and any 
holder of Senior Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of the Issuer, but  
(B) 
at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non preferred 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms or 
mandatory provisions of law to rank junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, and  
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes) and the claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with the provisions of 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any 
relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority.  
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note is deemed unconditionally and irrevocably to 
have waived any right of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-
Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements, the Issuer 
may treat the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL/TLAC eligible 
liabilities, but that the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer 
satisfy MREL/TLAC Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event in 
accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(iv) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in 
Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes)), if so required under the BRRD and/or the 
SRM, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where the Relevant 
Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to 
time. 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes  and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them constitute 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes 
will rank pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and with all other 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes and in priority to the claims of shareholders of 
the Issuer. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, each of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, winding-up or bankruptcy (including, inter alia, 
Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, Amministrazione Straordinaria or Liquidazione 
Volontaria (the latter as described in Articles 80 to 94 of the Consolidated Banking Act)) of 
the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative 
Vouchers and Coupons shall rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Notes) of the Issuer, (B) but at least 
pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not 
rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of 
Subordinated Notes, and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under 
the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(iv) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Bank of Italy's Regulations.  
(v) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be 
treated as Tier II capital, but the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders 
shall not be affected if the Subordinated Notes no longer qualify as Tier II capital. However, 
the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call).  
(vi) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) may be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement (as defined in Condition 2(b) 
(Status of Senior Preferred Notes)) in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if 
the Relevant Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the 
Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time.  
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Fixed Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date.  The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (i) as the same Rate of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a

--- Page 89 ---
89 
different Rate of Interest payable on one or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of 
a fixed Rate of Interest which is subject to one or more resets as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next 
following the Interest Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest 
Commencement Date is not an Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the Maturity Date is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the 
Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will 
amount to the Final Broken Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The applicable 
Final Terms may also specify other Broken Amounts and the Interest Payment Date(s) on 
which such Broken Amounts are payable in circumstances where payments of interest not 
amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount of interest payable in respect of each 
Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified, such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 90 ---
90 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) 
"Regular Period" means (i) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of 
Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes where, apart from 
one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If (in case of the Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes only) the Reset Note Provisions are 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, then such Reset Note bears interest:  
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest;  
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and  
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 3(a) 
(Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant 
Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall 
be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first 
Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b):  
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected 
with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to Condition 3(b) 
(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments 
are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-
for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term 
equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that 
is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-
Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro or 
LIBOR for the Specified Currency if the Specified Currency is not euro. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 3(b) (ii) 
(Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 92 ---
92 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b) (ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and CMS Linked Interest Note bears interest on its nominal amount 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in 
arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business 
day convention specified is: 
(1) 
in 
any 
case 
where 
Interest 
Periods 
are 
specified 
in accordance 
with 
Condition 3(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the number of months or other 
period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or

--- Page 93 ---
93 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other person specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"TARGET 2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which 
was launched on 19 November 2007; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET 2 is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes and CMS 
Linked Interest Notes will be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or such other person acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as amended and updated as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.) (the "ISDA Definitions") and under which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
based on the London inter-bank offered rate ("LIBOR") or on the Euro-Zone 
inter-bank offered rate ("EURIBOR") for a currency, the first day of that 
Interest Period or (ii) in any other case, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" 
have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under 
Condition 3(c)(iv) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest 
Amounts) in respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this 
sub-paragraph (A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent.  If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Relevant Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the 
Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary 
to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered 
quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
(defined below) of the Specified Currency selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the Interest Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to

--- Page 95 ---
95 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3:  
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that is 
most closely connected with the Reference Rate.  
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it 
means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as is 
selected by the Calculation Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means 
either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either 
Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected by the Calculation Agent.  
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
 Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula: 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question.  If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-
bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal 
Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the 
swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 
day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions.  
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is sterling, the mid-market semi-annual swap 
rate determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count 
basis, of a fixed-for-floating Sterling interest rate swap transaction with a term 
equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer 
of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case 
calculated on an Actual/365 (Fixed) day count basis, is equivalent (A) if the 
Designated Maturity is greater than one year, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity of six months or 
(B) if the Designated Maturity is one year or less, to GBP-LIBOR-BBA with a 
designated maturity of three months;  
(c) 
where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, the mid-market semi-
annual swap rate determined on the basis of the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the semi-annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of 
a fixed-for-floating United States dollar interest rate swap transaction with a 
term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an 
acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating 
leg, calculated on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to USD-
LIBOR-BBA (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity 
of three months; and  
(d) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate. If the applicable Final 
Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in the event that the 
Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the provisions 
of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest Rate, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The provisions relating to the 
Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period.  
Where the Calculation Agent is not the Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period.  Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the 
applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards and multiplying 
such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by 
the Calculation Amount.  For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset 
Notes - Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 98 ---
98 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each 
Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or 
appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such amendment will be promptly 
notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices).  If the Calculation Amount is less 
than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to 
publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
360
)
D
(D
)]
M
[30x(M
)]
Y
[360x(Y
1
2
1
2
1
2
−
+
−
+
−

--- Page 99 ---
99 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by a leading bank or investment banking firm other than the 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this 
Condition 3(c), the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options 
market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(c), whether by the Calculation Agent or the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful 
default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent, 
the other Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and (in the 
absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders, the Voucherholders or the Couponholders 
shall attach to the Calculation Agent or the Agent in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the 
Note, payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event interest will continue to 
accrue as provided in this Condition 3 (Interest). 
(f) 
Benchmark replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes), if the Issuer (in consultation 
with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party 
responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a Benchmark 
Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any 
component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then 
the following provisions shall apply:

--- Page 100 ---
100 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or 
Interest Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or 
Interest Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of 
determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest 
Periods (as applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to 
the IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an 
Alternative Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) 
applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be 
equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding 
Reset Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the 
Margin relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating 
to that last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provison 
in this sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are 
subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the 
case may be) may also, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) changes to the Terms and Conditions in order 
to follow market practice in relation to such Successor Rate or, as applicable, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate, including but not limited to, the Additional Business Centre, Business Day, 
Business Day Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Screen 
Page and/or the definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and (y) 
any other changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines 
are reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which 
changes shall apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) 
(subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as 
applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) is unable to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) will apply without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
and, if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any 
changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Paying 
Agents and, if applicable the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices);

--- Page 101 ---
101 
(vi) 
no consent of the Notheholders shall be required in connection with effecting a relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes pursuant 
to this Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps 
by the Issuer; 
(vii) 
if the application of an Alternative Benchmark Rate (and the Adjustment Spread, if applicable) 
determined pursuant to this Condition 3(f) would result in the occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event and/or a MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event, no Alternative Benchmark Rate (and, the 
Adjustment Spread, if applicable) will be adopted, and the Reference Rate for the relevant 
Interest Period will be equal to the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding 
Interest Period on the Relevant Screen Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f):  
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer 
(as applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the 
case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in 
customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced 
by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser 
(in consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in 
customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates 
of interest in respect of eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration 
to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the 
Issuer (as applicable) determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser 
or the Issuer (as applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as 
applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being 
authorised to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist;  
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or  
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or

--- Page 102 ---
102 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; or  
(e) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will 
not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the 
relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed 
by the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 
3.(f)(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg 
benchmark rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; 
or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap 
floating leg benchmark rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase  
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of 
their nominal value) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the 
Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes).  
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of 
twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Redemption for tax 
reasons is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer satisfies the Agent, 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, that:

--- Page 103 ---
103 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would 
(notwithstanding its having used such endeavours as the Agent shall consider reasonable) be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) on the occasion of 
the next payment in respect of Notes of the Series,  
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it,  
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above 
have occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer 
has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) 
that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and  
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Agent of (A) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail 
and describing the facts leading thereto, and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"), 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, repay all, but not 
some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together, 
if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment provided that the date 
fixed for such repayment shall not be earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer 
would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. 
Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior Notes), if 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Note (as the case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment 
Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices), 
to the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may 
be), upon the occurrence of an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
"MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, delegated or 
implementing acts, regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the application or official 
interpretation of the relevant regulations, becoming effective on or after the Issue Date of a Series of 
Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, which change was not reasonably 
foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will be excluded from the eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL/TLAC Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that an MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes are excluded on the basis (1) that the 
remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is less than any 
period prescribed by any applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL/TLAC Requirements, or (2) of 
any applicable limits on the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of 
“MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event”, the Issuer is considered already subject to MREL/TLAC 
Requirements regardless of any transitional period which may apply to the mandatory application of the 
same.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
"MREL/TLAC Requirements" means the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the Group referred to 
in the BRRD (as defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation and relevant implementing 
legislation and regulation in Italy. 
(ii) Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(k)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Subordinated 
Notes), if Regulatory Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent 
that the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on 
any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days’ notice (which notice shall be irrevocable) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 
13 (Notices), the Noteholders.  
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall 
deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories 
of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which 
event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the 
Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be bound to 
redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory 
Event) described in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii):  
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, including, without 
limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) 
whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they 
are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue 
Date the rules contained in, or implementing, CRD IV and the Banking Reform Package; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time;  
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and repealing Directives 2006/48/EC 
and 2006/49/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD IV 
Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited to, 
delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission, 
national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy, the European

--- Page 105 ---
105 
Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable to the Issuer (on a standalone 
basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) and which 
prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital 
of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding 
companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and 
capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending Regulation No. 
648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable 
funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, 
exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory classification of 
the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole or, to the extent 
permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital of the Issuer (whether on 
a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or 
regulatory provisions (including adopted by the European Union)  and, in case the Regulatory Event has 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain and (ii) 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that 
the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date;  
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, directive or 
other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the European Union from time 
to time, as applicable. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given: 
(i) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
14 (Notices) (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms); and 
(ii) 
not less than 15 days before the giving of the notice referred to in (i), notice to the Agent; 
(which notices shall be irrevocable), redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some 
only of the Notes then outstanding on any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of an amount equal to 
the Minimum Redemption Amount or a Higher Repayment Amount. In the case of a partial redemption 
of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually by lot, in 
the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued, or in accordance 
with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes in relation to which Notes are represented by a global Note, 
in each case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being 
hereinafter called the "Selection Date").  In the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive 
Notes have been issued, a list of the serial numbers of such Notes will be published in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.  The aggregate 
amount of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued shall bear the same

--- Page 106 ---
106 
proportion to the aggregate amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate amount of Notes in respect 
of which definitive Notes have been issued and are outstanding bears to the aggregate amount of the 
Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned amount shall, 
if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination; and 
the aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of 
the Redeemed Notes.  No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from 
and including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this 
Condition 4(d) and a statement to that effect shall be included in the original notice of redemption given 
by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to (i) above. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Not applicable to Subordinated Notes) - Put Option 
Except in the case of Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) shall not apply, if the Put Option 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the holder of any Note giving notice 
to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 14 (Notices) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice 
(or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the 
expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified 
office of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if 
payment is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
(f) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and (e) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), the 
Notes will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the nominal amount. 
(g) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, 
all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Voucher 
(which must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment 
against surrender of the relevant Note, all as more fully described in this Condition 4. 
(h) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(h) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchases

--- Page 107 ---
107 
Subject to Condition 4(k) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of 
its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured 
Vouchers and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) at any time, in any manner and at 
any price. In the case of any purchase, such Notes may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries or, at the option of the Issuer, cancelled.   
Subordinated Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the 
extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time.   
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by 
or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to 
Condition 4(i) (Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith together, in the case of definitive Notes, with 
all unmatured Vouchers and Coupons surrendered therewith. All Notes so cancelled may not be 
reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be discharged. 
(k) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of  the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase of the Senior Notes in accordance with Conditions  
4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option) and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if and to 
extent then required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or under the 
MREL/TLAC Requirements (with respect to either the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem, variate, substitute, or purchase the relevant Senior Notes. 
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not constitute 
an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at the time 
of any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any 
Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL/TLAC 
Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit 
the redemption or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, 
as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).  
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with 
Conditions  4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option), and 4(i) (Purchases) is subject to, if 
and to the extent then required under the Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and such Relevant Authority granting 
permission to redeem, variate, substitute, or purchase relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations 
including Articles 77(b) and 78 of CRR); and   
(ii)  
compliance by the Issuer with any alternative or additional pre-conditions to redemption or 
purchase, as applicable, set out in the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations for the time 
being. 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption, variation, substitution or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations 
permit the redemption, variation, substitution or purchase only after compliance with one or more 
alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(k), the Issuer shall 
comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s).

--- Page 108 ---
108 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents have acknowledged and agreed in the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes that the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be 
discharged by the Issuer making payment to the relevant Noteholders, Voucherholders and 
Couponholders as described below. 
(b) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars 
shall be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an Euro account (or any other account 
to which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or at the option of the 
payee by a Euro cheque. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal and accrued interest in respect of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have 
been issued will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of 
definitive Notes and payments of interest (other than rolled-up interest) in respect of the Notes will 
(subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of 
part payment only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States (as referred to below). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Notes in definitive form, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Voucher at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
Each Voucher must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant 
definitive Note against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment.  If any definitive 
Note is redeemed or becomes redeemable prior to its Maturity Date, principal will be payable on 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of such definitive Note 
together with all unmatured Vouchers appertaining thereto. Vouchers presented without the definitive 
Notes to which they appertain and unmatured Vouchers do not constitute valid obligations in respect of 
the Notes to which they relate. 
Each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which for this purpose shall be deemed to include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment.  Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become 
void under Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior 
to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining to the definitive Note relating thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note (including a CMS Interest Linked Note) represented by 
Notes in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured Vouchers, Coupons and Talons (if any) 
appertaining to such definitive Notes (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall 
be made in respect thereof.

--- Page 109 ---
109 
In the event that definitive Notes are issued, if the due date for redemption thereof is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Notes from and including the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only 
against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant 
definitive Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement), as the case may be, of such global Note to or to the order 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent, as the case may be. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such global Note distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will in the case of a classic global note ("CGN") (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms) be made on such global Note by the Agent or other Paying Agent, as the case may be, and 
such record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and in the case of 
a new global note ("NGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by a global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the 
relevant global Note.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in respect of the Notes will only be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is both a: 
(a) 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant 
place of presentation; and 
(b) 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Day" above, while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global note are) 
deposited with a depositary, a common depositary, or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Day" means: 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET settlement day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or

--- Page 110 ---
110 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms 
specify that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon, including 
Interest Payment Dates, is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant 
date of payment would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day 
convention specified is:  
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, 
such Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or 
pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes. 
6. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out 
below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or any other paying agent 
appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and/or appoint additional or other 
paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any paying agent acts, provided 
that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, traded and/or quoted on any stock exchange, listing 
authority and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in 
such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange, listing 
authority and/or quotation system; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city with a specified office in a 
European Union Member State other than Italy; and  
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City in the 
circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(c) (Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and 
Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) provided that no 
such variation, termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except in the case of insolvency) within 15 
days before or after any Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of any Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does not include Coupons 
to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the Note to which it appertains) a 
further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons).  
Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment 
Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
8. 
Taxation  
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account of any 
present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or 
of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, unless the deduction or 
withholding of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
in respect of, with regard to the Senior Notes only, principal and interest (if permitted by MREL/TLAC 
Requirements), and, with regard to the Subordinated Notes only, interest only (and not in respect of principal) as 
may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Voucher or Coupons after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would have 
been received in respect of the Notes, Voucher or (as the case may be) Coupons, in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note, 
Voucher or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-residence or 
other similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy other than 
the mere holding of the Note, Voucher or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Note, 
Voucher or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been 
entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note, 
Voucher or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 
1 April 1996 as amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction is 
required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on which 
such payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been received by the 
Agent on or prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such moneys shall have been so 
received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and/or any paying agent shall be 
permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or otherwise imposed

--- Page 112 ---
112 
pursuant to (i) any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental 
agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iii) any 
law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA 
Withholding"), as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive 
payments free of FATCA withholding. None of the Issuer, the paying agent or any other person will be required 
to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a holder/investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted 
or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, references in 
these Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy 
and/or such other jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any additional 
amounts which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 8 (Taxation) or any 
obligations undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If the Issuer becomes subject to Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa as defined in Legislative Decree No. 385 of 
1 September 1993 of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) (the "Event of Default"), then any 
holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Issuer or the Agent, effective 
upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Agent, declare any Note held by the holder to be forthwith 
due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at its Early Redemption Amount 
together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other 
notice of any kind. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be 
available to the Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder whether for the recovery of amounts owing in 
respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or 
otherwise.  
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver  
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Terms and 
Conditions, the Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or the terms 
of the Notes. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more 
persons present holding or representing the holders of Notes relating to a clear majority of the nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any such adjourned meeting one or more persons present 
holding or representing the holders of the Notes whatever the nominal amount of the Notes, except that at any 
meeting, the business of which includes, inter alia, the modification of the Agency Agreeemnt for the Italian 
Law Notes, the reduction of the amount, variation of the currency or postponement of the date for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall 
be one or more persons present holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at any 
adjourned such meeting not less than one-third, in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. 
Any resolution passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not 
they are present at the meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The rights and powers of the Notheholders may only be exercised in accordance with the relevent provisions for 
the meetings of the Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreeemnt for the Italian Law Notes (the Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders) which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. The Noteholders are deemed 
to have notice of and are bound by, and shall ahave the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, 
to any modification (subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or 
proposed breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the 
Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons or the terms of the Notes or determine that any event which would or might 
otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be treated as such where, in any such case, it is not, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, materially prejudicial to interests of the Notheholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders so to do, 
or to any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest 
error.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, 
Voucherholders and Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as 
practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of 
these Conditions and the Agency Agrememtn for the Italian Law Notes to give effect to the Benckmark 
Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Benchmark replacement) shall not require the consent or 
approval of Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving 
any notice required to be given to, any receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the Relevent 
Authority. 
If at any time a Tax Event or Regulatory Event occurs, the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, 
and receiving any required consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of the holders of the Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the holders of the relevant Notes of that Tranche, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of 
the Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of the Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Securities, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax 
Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such modification, provided that such variation or substitution does 
not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities or otherwise provide 
the Issuer with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of the Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, if Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an 
MREL or TLAC Disqualification Event occurs, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant  Authority (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the holders of the Notes of that Series, at any time either substitute all (but not some 
only) of such Senior Notes for, or vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification Event would exist after such modification, provided that such variation or substitution does not 
itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. Any modification of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with the limitations imposed by applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Securities" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Notes than the terms of the Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms 
which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL/TLAC 
Requirements or, as the case may be, for the Tier II Capital; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Notes; and (E) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Notes immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution; and     
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such variation or 
substitution.  
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to 
count towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
under the then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights 
as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were 
assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and     
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 18, have terms not materially 
less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and 
that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count 
towards fulfilment of the Issuer’s minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL/TLAC Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time 
to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior 
Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and  
(b) are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Voucher, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it may be 
replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (or such other place as may be notified to 
the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon payment by the claimant of the 
expenses incurred by the Issuer and such Paying Agent in connection therewith and on such terms as to 
evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Issuer may require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Vouchers, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten years of 
the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons are presented 
for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
13. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published (a) in one leading English language daily 
newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). It is expected that publication of notices will 
normally be made in the Financial Times in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such 
notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on 
different dates, on the date of the first publication in both the required newspapers.  The Issuer shall also ensure 
that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent 
Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note 
and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited, in the case of a CGN, with a common depositary or, in the 
case of an NGN, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and for so long as Notes are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation in 
Luxembourg which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to 
have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may (provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange, the rules of that stock exchange so permit), so long as the global Note(s) is or are held in 
its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the Noteholders.  Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
Noteholders on the seventh day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with the 
relative Note or Notes, with the Agent.  Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a global Note, such notice 
may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may

--- Page 115 ---
115 
be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may 
approve for this purpose. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to Noteholders 
in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or 
Couponholders to issue further notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save 
for the date of, and the amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with the outstanding Notes 
and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
15. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or connected 
with the Notes (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the Agency Agreement for 
the Italian Law Notes or the Notes or any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them) 
or the consequences of the nullity of the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes or the Notes. The Issuer 
agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, 
accordingly, it will not argue to the contrary. Nothing in this Condition 15 (Governing law; Submission to 
Jurisdiction) prevents the Noteholders from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any 
other courts with jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.  
16. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or understandings 
between the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the BRRD, by its acquisition 
of the Notes each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, includes each holder of a beneficial 
interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees to be bound by the effects of the exercise of 
the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if 
any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another 
person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes 
or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed 
necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant 
Authority. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority shall not constitute an event of default and 
these Conditions shall remain in full force and effect, save as varied by the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with this Condition 16. 
In this Condition 16: 
 "Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, but not limited to, 
Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) Regulation (EU) No. 
806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a 
uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the 
Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, 
as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and 
standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any obligation of a regulated entity (as defined below) (or other

--- Page 116 ---
116 
affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, modified, or converted into shares, other securities, 
or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 117 ---
117 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended and superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the "Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of 
Singapore (the SFA) - In connection with Section 309B of the SFA and the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), 
that the Notes are capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products (as defined 
in the CMP Regulations 2018) and are Specified Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on 
Recommendation on Investment Products.]2 
 
Final Terms dated [●] December 2020 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €6,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
                                                        
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”. 
 
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Issuer needs to re-classify the Notes as “capital markets products 
other than prescribed capital markets products” and “Specified Investment Products” pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA 
and the Notes are to be offered in Singapore. Relevant Dealer(s) to consider whether it / they have received the necessary 
product classification from the Issuer prior to the launch of the offer, pursuant to Section 309B of the SFA.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions for the 
English Law Notes][ Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes](the "Conditions") set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 16 December 2020 [and the prospectus supplement dated [●]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation").  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 16 December 2020 [as so supplemented].  The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the address and website (https://www.bper.it/) of the Issuer and 
copies may be obtained from the Issuer at its address in Modena, Via San Carlo 8/20, Italy. The Base Prospectus 
[and, in the case of notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, these 
Final Terms,] will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable".  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs.  
Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation).] 
1. 
 [(i)] 
Series Number: [●] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche Number:  [●] 
(If fungible with existing Series): 
[●] 
 
 
[(iii)]    [Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2. 
 Specified Currency or Currencies:  [●] 
[●] 
3. 
 Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
[(i)] 
Series: [●] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Tranche: [●] 
[●] 
4. 
 Issue Price: 
[●] per cent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
 (i) 
Specified Denominations:  
[●] 
 
 
No Notes may be issued under the Programme which 
have a minimum denomination of less than EUR 
100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), while 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of at least Euro 250,000 
 
 
[100,000][●] [and integral multiples of [1,000] [●]  in 
excess thereof up to and including [199,000] [●].  No 
[Senior Preferred] [Subordinated] Notes in definitive 
form will be issued with a denomination above 
[199,000] [●]].   
[250,000] [●] [and integral multiples of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in definitive form will be issued with 
a denomination above [●].]

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
(Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and 
which have a maturity of less than one year must have 
a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount  
[●]  
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
 
 
 
6. 
 [(i)] 
Issue Date:  
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
 Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year] 
[Unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements applicable 
to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, Non-Preferred 
Senior Notes must have a maturity of not less than 
twelve months and Subordinated Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of five years.] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption from 
section 19 of the FSMA must be available.] 
8. 
 Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every [●] 
anniversary thereafter]  
[[●] per cent Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] 
per cent Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]] 
[[EURIBOR] [LIBOR] [CMS Rate] [specify other 
reference rate] +/- [●] per cent Floating Rate] 
[Fixed-Floating Rate] 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate:  CMS Linked Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below)

--- Page 120 ---
120 
9. 
 Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [●] per cent of their nominal amount] 
[100 per cent redemption amount] 
[Instalment] 
 
10. 
 Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs or 
when any fixed to foxed or floating to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to items 16 and 17 (as 
appropriate) below and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13, 14, 
15, 16 and 17 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating, 
floating to fixed or fixed or floating reset rate change 
occurs) 
11. 
 Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
 (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
(ii) 
In respect of Senior Preferred   
Notes only: 
 
[Waiver of set-off rights:] 
[Senior 
Preferred] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 (iii) 
Date [Board] approval for issue of 
Notes obtained 
[●]/[Not Applicable] (Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes)  
13. 
 Governing Law: 
[English law applicable]/[Italian law applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
14. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the period 
starting from [●] [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph 14) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[●]% per annum] [From (and including) [●] up to 
(but excluding) [●]] [the aggregate of [●] per cent and 
[●] per annum] [determined by the Agent] payable 
[annually/semi-annually /quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date.]  
 
 
[specify other in case of different Rates of Interest in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates including 
any details of any reset of the Fixed Rate] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
[Following Business Day Convention /Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted]

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●] 
 
(vi)        Determination Dates 
[●] in each year / Not Applicable 
 
 
 
15. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date]  
 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum  
 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin:  
[[+/-][●] per cent per annum] [Not Applicable]  
 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [●]]  
 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]][Not Applicable]  
 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[●]  
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[●] [and [●]]  
 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]  
 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[●]  
 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]   
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year  
 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [●]  
 
16. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for 
the period starting from [●] [and including] [●] 
ending on [but excluding] [● ]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph 16) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s)  
[●] 
 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives.  An Interest Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise insert "Not Applicable")] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Note Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(for Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / 
[Screen Rate Determination] (for Senior Non-
Preferred] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/CMS Rate/[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions)

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[●] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify type of 
day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[●] 
 
• 
[Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the 
CMS Rate is the Reference 
Rate) 
[●] 
 
• 
[Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the 
CMS Rate is the Reference 
Rate) 
[●] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] 
(for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[●] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
17. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[ ] per cent Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) ending on (but 
excluding) [ ], then calculated in accordance 
with paragraph 14 above.] 
 
18. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [ ], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 16

--- Page 124 ---
124 
above.] 
 
19. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[●] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction]: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
20. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph 20) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(b) 
Higher Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in Condition 4(d)): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
21. 
Redemption for tax reasons/ Redemption 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): 
 
 
(i)          Redemption for tax reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii)   Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call): 
 
 
• 
MREL/TLAC 
Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Senior Notes) 
 
• 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(iii)      Modification following an 
MREL/TLAC Disqualification Event 
/ Regulatory Event or Tax Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22. 
Redemption 
at 
the 
Option 
of 
the 
Noteholder (Put Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Senior Notes) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub 
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 125 ---
125 
amount(s): 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set out 
in Condition 4 (e)): 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
23. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount(s) per Calculation 
Amount payable on redemption for taxation 
or regulatory reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
25. 
Instalment Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[●] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note, which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note]. 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice].  
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [●] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]. 
 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) in excess thereof or other multiples of less 
than 
€100,000, 
the 
Permanent 
Global 
Note 
representing such Notes shall only be exchangeable 
to the Notes in definitive form on [●] days' notice/at 
any time should be disapplied). 
27. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
28. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details.  Note that this item 
relates to the place of payment, and not interest 
period end dates, to which item 15(iv) relates] 
29. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No.  If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 Coupons 
need to be attached to each Definitive Note.  On and 
after the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the 
Talon comprised in the Coupon sheet may be 
surrendered at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet.  Each 
Talon shall be deemed to mature in the Interest 
Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised

--- Page 126 ---
126 
in the relevant Coupon sheet matures.] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 127 ---
127 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by 
the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/[●]] and admitted to 
the official list of [the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/[●]] 
with 
effect 
from 
[●].]/[Not 
Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[not applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[S & P:  [●]] 
 
 
[Moody's:  [●]] 
 
 
[Fitch [●]] 
 
 
[[Other]:  [●]]] 
 
 
[●](Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit 
rating agency is established in the European 
Union:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
European Union or in the United Kingdom and [is 
included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit 
rating agency is not established in the European 
Union.)

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established in 
the European Union or in the United Kingdom [but 
the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the European Union or in the 
United Kingdom and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [but is 
certified] / [and is not certified under nor is the 
rating it has given to the Notes endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union or 
in the United Kingdom and registered] under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] 
 
 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or in the 
United Kingdom or (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA or 
in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA or in the United Kingdom which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest.  May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
["[Certain of the [Joint Lead] Managers/The Lead Manager/the Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates 
(including [its] parent compan[y/ies]) [have/has] engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] Save as set out in the preceding sentence and save in 
respect of any fees payable to the [Joint Lead] Managers/Lead Manager/Dealer], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[●] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
(a) 
[Reasons for the offer: [●] 
 
(b) 
Estimated Net Proceeds: [●] 
 
(c) 
Estimated Total Expenses: [●]] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 129 ---
129 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes only HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
[Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters][●] [insert 
relevant code of information providers]]/[Not Applicable] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As 
at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as 
the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such 
that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or registration.]] 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
 
[[●] has been extracted from [●].  The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [●], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. To 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, 
the information contained in these Final Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit 
anything likely to affect the import of such information]/[Not Applicable]. 
8. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
ISIN Code: 
[●] 
Common Code: 
[●] 
New Global Note intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]   
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will then 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and 
number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[●]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 130 ---
130 
9. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[   ] 
(C) 
Stabilising Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv) 
TEFRA: 
[TEFRA D]/[TEFRA not applicable]] 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no KID will be prepared “Applicable” 
should be specified.)

--- Page 131 ---
131 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equivalent to the net proceeds of each issue of a Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(A) 
in the ordinary course of its banking operations; or 
(B) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects, meeting the Eligibility Green Criteria, Eligibility Social Criteria or Eligibility 
Sustainability Criteria (together, "Eligibility Criteria"). 
According to the Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible 
Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any 
other criteria specified in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, Social Bond Framework or Sustainability Bond 
Framework, may qualify as credible "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
For the purposes of this section:  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Sustainability Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond 
Framework. 
"Eligibility Green Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bper.it. An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Green Projects and 
issue an opinion based on the Eligibility Green Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Social Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bper.it. An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Social Projects and 
issue an opinion based on the Social Eligibility Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s 
website at https://www.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Sustainability Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website 
at https://www.bper.it. An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Sustainability 
Projects and issue an opinion based on the Eligibility Sustainability Criteria. This opinion will be made available 
on the Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
The information on the websites does not form part of the prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the competent authority

--- Page 132 ---
132 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, or the 
“Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), operating in 
accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company of the BPER 
Banca banking Group (the “BPER Group”), which was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 
29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its final term ends on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. 
BPER officially entered in the Bank of Italy’s registers of banking groups on 7 August 1992 (Group No. 
5387.6). The change of denomination from Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER 
Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting held in Modena on 26 
November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER 
is registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce of 
Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the Issue Date was Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided into 
1,413,263,512 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2021). 
Since June 2009, following the inclusion of the Expandi market within the main market (MTA), which was 
implemented by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as part of the broader rationalisation of Italy’s financial markets, BPER’s 
shares have been listed in the “Blue Chip” segment of the MTA (comprising the 72 largest companies measured 
by capitalisation). As of the date when the “Blue Chip” segment was substituted by the FTSE MIB BPER’s 
shares have been included in this stock market index. 
In September 2009, BPER’s shares were included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600, a major European index. This 
index is used as a benchmark by numerous European funds and is the underlying benchmark for futures 
contracts traded on the Frankfurt derivatives exchange.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena, a mutual company, whose founding 
objective was the financing of artisan and local business activities. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In January 1992, the BPER acquired 
Banca Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna”), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), consolidating 
its presence in Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of 
Banca Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. (“Banca 
Popolare del Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Crotone”). 
In 1996, BPER and Banca Popolare di Ravenna set up Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna (Europe) 
International S.A., successively named BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a., whose headquarters are located in 
Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private banking, investment management and corporate banking 
services. The private banking and investment management services are offered to international clients, including 
a wide array of specialized and tailor made services, such as investment advice and discretionary portfolio 
management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share capital of BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.. 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged to 
form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del 
Mezzogiorno”). Prior to the 2008 merger, BPER acquired, through Banca Popolare del Materano, three small 
banks located in the South of Italy, notably, Banca Popolare della Val d’Agri S.p.A. and Banca Popolare del 
Sinni S.p.A. (both of which merged with Banca Popolare del Materano in 2000 and 2001, respectively) and 
Banca Popolare di Castrovillari e Corigliano Calabro S.p.A. which, in 2002, was merged by incorporation with 
Banca Popolare di Crotone. 
In 1998, BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A., which merged with Banca della 
Campania S.p.A. (“Banca della Campania”) on 28 December 2006. At the end of 1998, BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). The acquisition, in 
1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila

--- Page 133 ---
133 
S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) 
resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001, BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one 
of the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and more 
than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form the 
banking entity Banca della Campania. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. by purchasing the remaining shares from 
Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.A.. BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved to commence the merger by 
incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A.. Sardaleasing S.p.A. is a company operating in all 
leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region, originally owned by Banco di Sardegna, 
BPER and other minority shareholders. The merger was successfully completed in June 2014 and in the same 
month BPER acquired direct control of the company.  
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. 
In November 2005, BPER increased its shareholding in Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. to 94.49 per cent. 
In 2005, BPER – through an investment in a holding company (Finbanche d’Abruzzo S.p.A.) – indirectly 
increased its equity interest in both Carispaq and BPLS. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
At the end of 2008, the BPER acquired 36 branches from three banks part of the Unicredito Italiano banking 
group (Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., BIPOP Carire S.p.A. and Banca di Roma S.p.A.). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a 
result, BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (“BNT”), a bank 
specialised in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which 
specialises in non-life insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, 
the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the 
four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in 
accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the 
existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted 
and/or held by BNT. 
The notes, issued by the SPV in a single tranche, were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially in 
proportion to their respective interests. 
In June 2010, BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca Vita to 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In 2009, the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca 
Italease”). The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. 
(“Release”) and Alba Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of 
Banca Italease were contributed to these companies, in particular, its impaired assets went to Release, while its 
performing loans deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In July 2010, the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER, its parent company, was approved. 
On 17 February 2012, BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of 
the company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on 
trust matters. The company commenced business in the early 2013.  
In November 2012 it took place the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER. 
In January 2013, BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, 
BPLS and BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully concluded the merger 
of the Merged Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to implement a major project of 
internal reorganisation, notably, the absorption of three subsidiary banks (Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, 
Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna) by BPER. 
In February 2013, BPER completed process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. (“CR 
Bra”). As a result, CR Bra was included within the scope of Group’s consolidation.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
A new company, part of the BPER Group, was set up in December 2015 – BPER Credit Management s.cons.p.a. 
– in order to review the model for handling non-performing loans. The corporate purpose of the company is “the 
recovery and management of non-performing loans and any other operations designed to facilitate their 
disposal and/or collection”, became operative since January 2016. 
In 2016, BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – originally 
a subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – transferring 55 branches from 
Banca di Sassari to Banco di Sardegna with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari to focus on consumer credit 
lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di Sassari changed its name to 
Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016, BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. (“CR 
Saluzzo”), thus increasing its shareholding from 31.02% to 80%. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo 
into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
On 30 June 2017, BPER completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di 
Ferrara S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”) from the Single Resolution Fund. 
In November 2017, the merger through absorption of Nuova Carife into BPER took place, with accounting and 
tax effects having been backdated as of July 2017. 
BPER Group's Non Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of bad loans at 
a Group level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 years, of which 
approximately Euro 3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori Sardegna” and “AQUI”) were 
finalised within 2018. 
 
The Board of Directors of BPER approved the Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon, which took into 
consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the SREP Decision 2018. 
 
More recently, on 7 July 2020, the Group completed the sale, to an institutional investor, of 95% of the 
mezzanine and junior tranches of securities issued as part of the SPRING bad loan securitisation, with a gross 
book value of € 1.2 billion as at 30 September 2019 (“SPRING”). The conclusion of this sale process entailed a 
significant improvement in the gross NPE ratio of the BPER Group. 
 
SPRING, along with 4Mori Sardegna and AQUI, constituted the third securitisation transaction of non-
performing loans assisted by GACS State guarantee at Group level. These transactions, together with the sale of 
a portfolio to UnipolRec for approximately €1.0 billion carried out in 2019, brought the overall gross book value 
of the portfolio disposals of bad debts to approximately €5.0 billion since 2018 to July 2020. 
On 22 July 2019, BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca 
Holding") auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in LCA and Veneto Banca 
S.p.A. in LCA, for a total of 39.99% of the share capital of Arca Holding, which in turn holds all the shares of 
Arca Fondi SGR. 
On 25 July 2019, BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital 
and a stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds 100% 
of the ordinary share capital and, approximately, 91.18% of the preferred shares. 
 
On 31 July 2019, BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group S.p.A. 
and UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
From 25 November 2019, the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was 
effective. Therefore, from such date assets and liabilities of Unipol Banca were taken over by BPER. 
On 17 February 2020, BPER announced it entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (“ISP”) 
pursuant to which, upon completion of the voluntary public exchange offer launched by the same ISP on the 
entire share capital of UBI Banca, BPER will purchase a going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million 
clients distributed on 400/500 banking branches, prevailingly located in the northern Italy, and of assets, 
liabilities and other legal relationships referable to such clients. 
 
On 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 BPER announced subsequent and supplementary agreements aiming 
at defining more precisely the perimeter of the going concern to be acquired. 
 
On 7 August 2020 the Italian Competition Authority announced that it authorised the acquisition by BPER of a 
going concern from ISP consisting of 532 branches and related legal relationships.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
On 3 September 2020, BPER announced that it received the authorisation from the European Central Bank for 
the acquisition from ISP of the going concern. 
On 22 April 2020, BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, separate and 
consolidated financial statement for 2019 and the proposal to grant the Board of Directors the power to increase 
the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the announced 
transaction with ISP.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Strategy 
2019-2021 Business Plan 
On 28 February 2019, the BPER Group approved and presented to the market its three-year development plan, 
known as the “BPER 2021 Strategic Plan” (the “Plan”). 
The Plan is divided into three pillars: 
1. growth and development of the business with a particular focus on Bancassurance, Wealth 
Management and Business Global Advisory, as well as Consumer Credit; 
2. strong increase in operational efficiency and simplification; and 
3. acceleration of de-risking and further capital strengthening. 
 
Following the extraordinary corporate transactions in February 2019, the growth trajectory of the BPER Group 
accelerated considerably during 2019 and 2020. 
Evolution of the operating machine and organisational simplification 
The Plan focuses strongly on cost containment, to be achieved through rationalisation and simplification of the 
distribution model, corporate structure and internal processes, as well as by optimising the size of the workforce 
and reducing organisational complexity. Finally, further cost synergies are envisaged by creating a centre to 
specialise in the real estate sector (“Active Real Estate Management”). 
This took and will take place through: 
• 
evolution of the distribution model, reorganising the territorial footprint and introducing new branch 
formats; 
• 
rationalisation and simplification of the Group's corporate structure by BPER absorbing Unipol Banca, 
as was done in November 2019, and Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo, as 
was done in July 2020, creating a complete range of product companies, strengthening the consumer 
credit company;  
• 
the optimisation of operations and the continuous IT evolution with the aim of increasing process 
productivity through the dematerialisation and creation of control and governance tools, the activation 
of robotics systems and Artificial Intelligence, extension of the use of cloud technologies to promote 
commercial effectiveness and operational efficiency; and 
• 
staff reduction of 1,300 resources by 2021; 
• 
the above mentioned transaction with ISP. 
 
Acceleration of de-risking, confirming maximum capital solidity 
The de-risking process, already undertaken by BPER in recent years, is expected to be further strengthened 
thanks to the introduction of new credit management processes, with particular focus on the continuation of 
activities aimed at reducing non-performing loans. In addition to the evolution of the credit management 
process, both in the underwriting phase and in the proactive management of ordinary loans at the first signs of 
anomaly (also through the anticipated use of forbearance) and recovery of non-performing loans (efficiency of 
the work-out and outsourcing process).

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Operations to strengthen capital and capital management actions 
Under BPER Euro Medium Term Notes programme, a Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued in May 2017 for a 
total aggregate amount of Euro 500 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives the issuer a call 
option for its early redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon of 5.125% for the first 
5 years, with a subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue was placed entirely with institutional 
investors. 
 
In July 2019, as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna as described here above, BPER 
Board of Directors, on the basis of the power granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 4 July 
2019, resolved upon a capital increase for 33,000,000 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. Consequently, since 
25 July 2019 the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,542,925,305.00 divided into 514,308,435 shares. On the 
same date, again as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna, BPER issued an "Additional Tier 
1" convertible bond for a nominal amount of Euro 150,000,000, which was simultaneously and entirely 
subscribed for a total price of Euro 180,000,000. 
 
On 7 November 2019 the Board of Directors of BPER, in the context of the resolutions concerning the voluntary 
public exchange offer on the saving shares of Banco di Sardegna, resolved to exercise the powers granted by the 
Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting held on 4 July 2019, concerning a capital increase against payment, in 
divisible form, to service such offer. The Board of Directors resolved upon a capital increase for a maximum of 
7,883,368 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. 
 
On 20 December 2019 BPER announced that 6,319,513 BPER ordinary shares were issued the day before as a 
result of  the capital increase in order to serve the above offer. Consequently, since 19 December 2019 the share 
capital of BPER was Euro 1,561,883,844.00 divided into 520,627,948 shares. 
 
On 30 July 2020 Banco di Sardegna Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting and Banco di Sardegna Special Saving 
and Preferred Shareholders Meeting were held. As a result, inter alia, the conversion of Banco di Sardegna 
saving shares into preferred shares was approved. Once the process was completed, the relevant Banco di 
Sardegna Articles of Association was duly updated and the full delisting of Banco di Sardegna saving shares 
duly followed. 
 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo 
into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
 
As a result of CR Bra’s absorption, the share capital of the BPER increased by Euro 3,712,500 through the issue 
of 1,237,500 BPER common shares, by simultaneously amending Article 5 of the Articles of Association. No 
effect on BPER's share capital derived from the incorporation of CR Saluzzo as it was fully owned. 
 
The above mentioned right issue approved in order to fund the transaction with ISP was successfully completed 
on October 2020: 891.398.064 new common shares offered were fully subscribed for an amount of Euro 
802,258,257.60. Consequently, since 28 October 2020 the share capital of BPER is Euro 2,100,435,182.40 
divided into 1,413,263,512 shares. 
 
A Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued under this EMTN programme in November 2020 for a total aggregate 
amount of Euro 400 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives the issuer a call option for its early 
redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon of 3.625% for the first 5 years, with a 
subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue was placed entirely with institutional investors. 
 
In accordance with the relative offer documentation, BPER forwarded a request to the ECB for authorisation to 
exercise the call option on the subordinated bond "Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Subordinato Tier II 
4.25% 15/06/2015 - 15/06/2025 Callable", with consequent early redemption of the aforementioned bond at par. 
Having obtained the relevant authorisation, as announced on 4 December 2020, the bond was repaid in advance 
of the deadline of 15 June 2025 and the resulting amount was credited with a value date of 15 December 2020.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 September 2020 (i.e. after CR Bra and CR Saluzzo absorption) is as shown 
here below.  
SITUATION AS AT 30/09/2020 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100.000% 
BPER Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
100.000% 
 
78.547% 
 
Bibanca S.p.A. 
99.069% 
 
20.522% 
 
 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
57.061% 
(d) 
Emilia Romagna Factor 
S.p.A. 
95.954% 
 
Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. 
100.000% 
(a) 
 
 
 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
100.000% 
Estense CPT Covered 
Bond S.r.l. 
60.000% 
(c) 
 
Tholos S.p.A. 
100.000% 
 
 
Nadia S.p.A. 
100.000% 
Modena Terminal S.r.l. 
100.000% 
Numera S.p.A. 
100.000% 
 
 
 
 
Optima S.p.A. - SIM 
100.000% 
BPER Trust Company 
S.p.A. 
100.000% 
(c) 
 
52.741% 
 
Sardaleasing  S.p.A. 
99.674% 
 
46.933% 
 
 
Estense Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
60.000% 
(c) 
 
70.000% 
BPER Credit 
Management S.C.p.A. 
100.000% 
(b) 
 
20.000% 
 
 
 
a)  Equivalent to 98.677% of the entire Share Capital consisting of 
ordinary, preference and savings shares, the latter being non 
voting shares. 
 
b)  The following Companies are also shareholders of BPER Credit 
Management S.C.p.A.: 
- Sardaleasing S.p.A. (6.000%); 
- Bibanca S.p.A. (3.000%); 
- Emilia Romagna Factor S.p.A. (1.000%). 
In addition to the above members of the banking 
group, the scope of consolidation also includes 
the following subsidiary companies which are not 
members of the banking group since they do not 
contribute directly to its activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the 
equity method: 
- of the Parent Company: 
- Adras S.p.A. (100.000%); 
- Italiana Valorizzazioni Immobiliari S.r.l. (100.000%); 
- Sifà S.p.A. (51.000%).

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
c)  Subsidiary companies consolidated under the equity method. 
 
d)  Subsidiary company which is not member of the banking group since 
it does not contribute directly to its activities.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di 
Sardegna. As at 31 December 2019, Banco di Sardegna employed 2,468 staff and had 343 branches; its total 
direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 14,759,730 thousand whilst net loss was Euro 29,596 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.547 and 20.522 per 
cent of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 31 December 2019, Bibanca employed 144 staff and had 
no branches; its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 133,271 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) 
whilst net profit was Euro 9,138 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.. As at 31 December 2019, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 22 staff and had 1 branch; its total 
direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 1,392,936 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 5,100 thousand. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Bra 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, CR Bra has been completely absorbed in BPER Banca. As at 31 December 
2019, CR Bra employed 158 staff and had 26 branches; its total direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 
1,341,722 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 869 thousand. 
Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, CR Saluzzo has been completely absorbed in BPER Banca. As at 31 
December 2019, CR Saluzzo employed 174 staff and had 22 branches; its total direct and indirect deposits 
amounted to Euro 1,064,967 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 584 thousand. 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairman). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Pietro Ferrari 
Chairman 
14/04/2018 
Giuseppe Capponcelli 
Deputy Chairman 
14/04/2018 
Alessandro Vandelli* 
Chief Executive Officer 
14/04/2018 
Riccardo Barbieri* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Massimo Belcredi 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Mara Bernardini 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Luciano Filippo Camagni* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
06/07/2020 
Alessandro Robin Foti 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Elisabetta Gualandri 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Ornella Rita Lucia Moro 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Mario Noera* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Marisa Pappalardo 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Rossella Schiavini* 
Director 
14/04/2018 
Valeria Venturelli 
Director 
14/04/2018 
 
 
 
* Members of the Executive Committee 
 
 
On 11 June 2020 the Board of Directors of BPER, based on the declarations provided by the directors and the 
information available to the Issuer, verified in accordance with the Joint Guidelines on the suitability of 
members of the management body and key functions pursuant to Directive 2013/36/EU and Directive 
2014/65/EU of September 2017, the fulfilment of the independence requirements provided for in Articles 147-
ter, paragraph 4 and 148, paragraph 3, of the Consolidated Finance Act (Legislative Decree no. 58/98) as well 
as the recommendations contained in the Corporate Governance Code for listed companies – Application 
criteria – par. 3.C.1 – for the following Directors: 
- Mr. Massimo Belcredi 
- Ms. Mara Bernardini 
- Mr. Giuseppe Capponcelli 
- Mr. Alessandro Robin Foti 
- Ms. Elisabetta Gualandri 
- Ms. Roberta Marracino 
- Ms. Ornella Rita Lucia Moro 
- Ms. Marisa Pappalardo 
- Ms. Valeria Venturelli 
 
Resulting in minimum requirements for the Issuer having been met. 
Furthermore, on 5 August 2020, the Board of Directors further verified, in accordance with the 
abovementioned legislation, the suitability of Ms. Silvia Elisabetta Candini, Director appointed by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting held on 6 July 2020 as substitute Director of Ms. Roberta Marracino who resigned with 
effect from 30 June 2020.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Alessandro Vandelli3 
General Manager 
Pierpio Cerfogli 
Deputy General Manager 
Eugenio Garavini 
Deputy General Manager 
Stefano Rossetti 
Deputy General Manager (Vice) 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The Board of Directors is required under the by-laws of BPER to meet monthly and at any other time when a 
meeting is convened by the Chairman or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under 
the by-laws of BPER. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee, the chief executive 
officer and the general management such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and operations as it 
shall consider appropriate. 
Administrative and Management bodies conflicts of interests 
None of the Directors or general managers performs activities outside the BPER Group, which are significant 
with respect to the BPER Group. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between certain Directors’ duties to 
the Issuer and their private interests, as certain Directors are local entrepreneurs who may wish to enter into 
business transactions with the Issuer (i.e. borrowing loans from the Issuer). In case of such conflict of interest, 
pursuant to Article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code, the Director must disclose any interest, personal or on behalf 
of a third party in a specific transaction of the Issuer to the other members of the board and to the audit 
committee. The Director is obliged to declare the nature, origin and conditions of his private interest. 
Furthermore, in compliance with provisions of Article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended, any person who is vested with managing/controlling powers within BPER may 
not assume any obligation or enter into purchase/sale agreements with BPER unless such transaction has been 
approved by BPER’s Board of Directors through a resolution passed unanimously and in accordance with 
Article 2391 of Italian Civil Code mentioned above. 
Save as noted above no potential conflicts of interest exist between the Directors’ and the General Managers’ 
duties to BPER and their private interests and/or other duties. 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
Title 
 
In office since 
 
                                                        
3 As from 1 January 2020 Mr. Vandelli, in addition to the role of Chief Executive Officer, also holds the office of General Manager.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Name 
Title 
 
In office since 
 
Paolo De Mitri 
Chairman 
 
08/05/2018 
 
Cristina Calandra Buonaura 
Auditor 
 
22/11/2018 
 
Diana Rizzo 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
Francesca Sandrolini 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
Vincenzo Tardini 
Auditor 
 
14/04/2018 
 
 
 
Shareholders 
As at 17 November 2020 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows: 
Shareholder 
 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
 
18.9 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
 
10.2 
Norges Bank 
 
3.8 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s: 
• 
Short-term Deposit Rating: P-3; 
• 
Long-term Deposit Rating: Baa3 with “negative” outlook; 
• 
Long-term Issuer Rating: Ba3 with “negative” outlook; 
• 
Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”): Ba2; 
• 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “negative” outlook; 
• 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3. 
Fitch: 
• 
Long-term Issuer Default Rating: BB with “stable” outlook; 
• 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: B; 
• 
Viability Rating: bb; 
• 
Long-term Senior Preferred Rating: BB; 
• 
Subordinated debt: B+; 
• 
Long-term Deposit Rating: BB+; 
• 
Short-term Deposit Rating: B. 
Moody’s is established in the United Kingdom. Fitch is established in Ireland. Each of Moody’s and Fitch are 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Fitch and Moody’s is included in the 
list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
Overview

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and providing 
credit to customers who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized businesses, 
through the parent company BPER which operates throughout the country whilst Banco di Sardegna operates 
mainly in Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate and 
Investment Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial products 
including leasing and factoring. 
As at 31 December 2019, net interest income comes to Euro 1,164.5 million, up 3.75% on the comparative 
figure (Euro 1,122.4 million at 31 December 2018). 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2019 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of the 
community, households and businesses.  
In 2019 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising 
existing proposals and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative terms, 
with a view to becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most advanced 
customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales proposals 
based on their specific needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain cases linked to 
international projects that Italian companies have put in place to offset the decline in domestic demand. 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance 
(renewables, conventional energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues offering 
expert advice to Corporate customers of the Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, Corporate and 
Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2019, the Group’s network consisted of 1,349 branches located throughout the country, as 
well as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 79,033 
million.  
Domestic market share, as at 31 March 2020, was approximately 5.57%4. 
On the Italian banking scene, the BPER Banca Group ranks sixth by total assets and loans. 
Within the domestic banking system, the BPER Group's market share of loans to customers, excluding bad 
loans, was 2.96% at 31 March 2020, while its market share of deposits was 2.97%. 
                                                        
4 Source: Planus Corp. analysis of Regulatory Reports.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 13,805 persons as at 31 December 2019. 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s employees. 
 
Employees 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
10,416 
 
8,292 
 
2,124 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
22 
 
20 
 
2 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
 
144 
 
146 
 
(2) 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,468 
 
2,425 
 
43 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
158 
 
164 
 
(6) 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
174 
 
183 
 
(9) 
Total banks  
 
13,382 
 
11,230 
 
2,152 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
423 
 
385 
 
38 
Total of balance sheet 
 
13,805 
 
11,615 
 
2,190 
 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 2018, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
 
 
Branches 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
958 
 
827 
 
131 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
343 
 
336 
 
7 
3. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
26 
 
28 
 
(2) 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
22 
 
27 
 
(5) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,349 
 
1,218 
 
131 
5. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total 
 
1,350 
 
1,219 
 
131

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2018. 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures 
for the year ended 31 December 
Income statement 
 
2019 
 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net Interest income 
 
1,164,539  
1,122,437 
Net commission income 
 
931,950  
776,265 
Net interest and other banking income 
 
2,224,583  
2,037,063 
Net income from financial activities 
 
1,775,313  
1,810,401 
Operating costs 
 
(1,708,387)  
(1,416,174) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
 
416,898  
345,526 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
 
394,452  
445,790 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
 
379,583  
401,953 
 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures 
for the year ended 31 December 
Balance Sheet statement 
 
2019 
 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net Loans to customer 
 
52,006,038  
47,050,942 
              - of which net bad loans 
 
1,171,281  
1,448,257 
Net interbank position 
 
(9,891,324)  
(11,585,739) 
Financial assets 
 
18,956,906  
17,152,084 
Total assets 
 
79,033,498  
70,634,767 
Direct deposits 
 
58,055,608  
49,996,419 
Indirect deposits 
 
110,623,352  
36,257,418 
              - of which managed 
 
41,714,305  
19,330,962 
              - of which administered 
 
68,909,047  
16,926,456 
 
 
 
BPER Group consolidated figures 
for the year ended 31 December 
Cash flows statement 
 
2019 
 
2018 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
 
377,867  
154,011 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
 
(375,999)  
(79,984) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
 
105,511  
(34,686) 
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
 
107,379  
39,341

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. 
Investors should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider 
these measures as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash 
flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to any 
other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not 
indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. 
These measures are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and the 
operations. Since all companies do not calculate these measures in an identical manner, BPER Group’s 
presentation may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors should 
not place undue reliance on this data. 
Performance ratios5 
1 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
20186 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
65.80% 
66.61% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
89.58% 
94.11% 
Financial assets/total assets 
23.99% 
24.28% 
Fixed assets7/total assets 
2.02% 
2.14% 
Goodwill/total assets 
0.55% 
0.37% 
Direct deposits/total assets 
88.91% 
89.36% 
Indirect deposits under management/indirect deposits 
37.71% 
53.32% 
Financial assets/tangible equity8 
 
4.10 
 
3.85 
Total tangible assets9/tangible equity  
 
16.96 
 
15.77 
Net interbank position (in thousands of Euro) 
(9,891,324) 
 (11,585,739) 
Number of employees10 
13,805 
 
11,615 
Number of national bank branches 
1,349 
 
1,218 
Profitability ratios  
ROE11  
8.66% 
9.06% 
ROTE12  
9.92% 
10.15% 
ROA13  
0.50% 
0.63% 
Cost to income ratio14 
74.11% 
66.44% 
Net impairment losses on loans to customers/net loans to customers 
0.86% 
0.47% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                        
5 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources 
of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified statements 
prepared from a management point of view. 
6 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 
December 2018, without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
7 Fixed assets include both equity investments and property, plant and equipment. The ratio would be at 1.64% without considering the 
application of IFRS 16. The other ratios represented in this section are not influenced by the application of IFRS 16. 
8 Tangible equity: total shareholders' equity, including minority interests, net of intangible assets. 
9 Total tangible assets = total assets net of intangible assets. 
10 The number of employees (point figure) does not include expectations. 
11 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’equity of Group not including net profit. 
12 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’equity of Group not including net profit and intangible 
assets. 
13 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit for the year pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
14 The cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262 the cost to income ratio is 
at 76.80%. If we do not consider non-recurring expenses relating to the personnel retirement plan, the cost to income ratio would be at 
70.68% at 31 December 2019 (69.52% at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements 31 December 2018).

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
 
 
(cont.) 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
201815 
Profitability ratios 
Basic EPS16 
0.766 
0.836 
Diluted EPS17 
0.743 
0.836 
2 
 
 
  
Risk ratios  
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
5.77% 
6.81% 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers 
2.25% 
3.08% 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers 
3.19% 
3.60% 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers 
0.32% 
0.13% 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans 
51.03% 
54.52% 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans 
66.04% 
66.62% 
Impairment provisions for unlikely to pay loans/gross unlikely to pay loans 
33.01% 
35.73% 
Impairment provisions for past due loans/gross past due loans 
14.57% 
12.33% 
Impairment provisions for performing loans/gross performing loans 
0.33% 
0.37% 
Texas ratio18 
79.04% 
84.97% 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)19 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
4,828,807 
4,367,711 
Own Funds 
 
5,839,914 
5,278,852 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 34,721,277 
30,606,171 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
13.91% 
14.27% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.35% 
14.37% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
16.82% 
17.25% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Phased 
12.01% 
11.95% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in20 
6.1% 
6.0% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Phased21 
5.3% 
5.0% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
158.9% 
154.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
114.0% 
106.8% 
Non-financial ratios 
31.12.2019 
201822 
Productivity ratios (in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits per employee 
4,205.40 
4,304.47 
Loans to customers per employee 
3,767.19 
4,050.88 
Assets managed per employee 
3,021.68 
1,664.31 
Assets administered per employee 
4,991.60 
1,457.29 
Core revenues23 per employee 
151.86 
163.47 
Net interest and other banking income per employee 
161.14 
175.38 
Operating costs per employee 
123.75 
121.93 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
                                                        
15 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 
December 2018, without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
16 EPS has been calculated net of treasury shares in portfolio. 
17 See previous note. 
18 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-
performing loans. 
19 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2395/2017. 
20 The ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
21 See previous note. 
22 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2018 as per the Consolidated Financial Statements as at 31 
December 2018, without considering the effects of applying IFRS 16. 
23 Core revenues = net interest income + net commission income.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
Performance ratios24 
 
4 
 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201925 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
61.54% 
65.80% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
88.41% 
89.58% 
Financial assets/total assets 
25.90% 
23.99% 
Fixed assets26/total assets 
1.82% 
2.02% 
Goodwill/total assets 
0.51% 
0.55% 
Direct deposits/total assets 
88.92% 
88.91% 
Indirect deposits under management/indirect deposits 
37.74% 
37.71% 
Financial assets/tangible equity27 
 
4.74 
 
4.10 
Total tangible assets28/tangible equity  
 
18.16 
 
16.96 
Net interbank position (in thousands of Euro) 
(11,500,006) 
 
(9,891,324) 
Number of employees29 
13,550 
 
13,805 
Number of national bank branches 
1,313 
 
1,349 
Profitability ratios  
ROE30  
4.26% 
8.66% 
ROTE31  
4.92% 
9.92% 
ROA32  
0.27% 
0.50% 
Cost to income ratio33 
67.27% 
69.15% 
Net impairment losses on loans to customers/net loans to customers 
0.56% 
0.31% 
Basic EPS34 
0.201 
0.209 
Diluted EPS35 
0.188 
0.209 
5 
 
 
                                                        
24 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated sources 
of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified statements 
prepared from a management point of view as mentioned in chapter 6 "The BPER Banca Group’s results of operations" as per the present 
Report. 
25 The comparative patrimonial ratios, together with ROE, ROTE and ROA, have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per 
the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2019, while economical ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2019 
as per the Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2019. 
26 Fixed assets include both Equity investments and Property, plant and equipment. The ratio would be at 1.48% (1.64% at 31 December 
2019) without considering the application of IFRS 16. 
27 Tangible equity: total shareholders' equity, including minority interests, net of intangible assets. 
28 Total tangible assets = total assets net of intangible assets. 
29 The number of employees (point figure) does not include the expectations. 
30 ROE has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period on average shareholders’ equity of Group not included net profit. 
31 ROTE has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period on average shareholders’ equity of Group not included net profit and 
intangible assets. 
32 ROA has been calculated as annualized net profit for the period (including net profit for the period pertaining to minority interests) on 
total assets. 
33 The Cost to income Ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262 the Cost to income Ratio 
is at 70.71% (73.23% at 30 June 2019 as per the Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2019). 
34 EPS has been calculated net of treasury shares in portfolio. 
35 See previous note.

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
6 
 
(cont.) 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201936 
Risk ratios37  
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
5.60% 
5.77% 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers 
2.29% 
2.25% 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers 
2.96% 
3.19% 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers 
0.35% 
0.32% 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans 
44.48% 
51.03% 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans 
55.17% 
66.04% 
Impairment provisions for unlikely to pay loans/gross unlikely to pay loans 
34.97% 
33.01% 
Impairment provisions for past due loans/gross past due loans 
18.15% 
14.57% 
Impairment provisions for performing loans/gross performing loans 
0.32% 
0.33% 
Texas ratio38 
75.48% 
79.04% 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)39 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
4,773,562 
4,828,807 
Own Funds 
 
5,758,897 
5,839,914 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 33,820,055 
34,721,277 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
14.11% 
13.91% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.56% 
14.35% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
17.03% 
16.82% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Loaded40 
12.57% 
12.01% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in41 
5.6% 
6.1% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Loaded42 
4.9% 
5.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
161.8% 
158.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
118.8% 
114.0% 
7 
 
 
 
 
                                                        
36 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2019. 
37 The credit risk ratios recalculated taking into consideration the effects of the derecognition of the "Spring" bad loan portfolio as at 30 
June 2020 are: 
• 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 5.01% 
• 
Net bad loans/net loans to customers: 1.68% 
• 
Net unlikely to pay loans/net loans to customers: 2.98% 
• 
Net past due loans/net loans to customers: 0.36% 
• 
Impairment provisions for non-performing loans/gross non-performing loans: 47.41% 
• 
Impairment provisions for bad loans/gross bad loans: 62.82% 
• 
Texas ratio: 70.82% 
38 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for non-
performing loans. 
39 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 2395/2017. 
40 The Fully Loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking 
into account the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9. 
41 Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
42 The Leverage ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account 
the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
(cont.) 
Non-financial ratios 
30.06.2020 
201943 
Productivity ratios (in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits per employee 
4,414.38 
4,205.40 
Loans to customers per employee 
3,902.85 
3,767.19 
Assets managed per employee 
2,966.85 
3,021.68 
Assets administered per employee 
4,894.74 
4,991.60 
Core revenues44 per employee 
83.46 
80.55 
Net interest and other banking income per employee 
88.29 
83.80 
Operating costs per employee 
62.43 
61.36 
 
 
 
                                                        
43 The comparative patrimonial ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements 
as at 31 December 2019, while economical ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2019 as per the Consolidated half-year 
report as at 30 June 2019. 
44 Core revenues = net interest income + net commission income.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
LOANS TO CUSTOMERS 
BPER Group’s loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018, a breakdown of the loans of 
BPER Group (after provisions have been made). 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% Change  
Current accounts 
4,841,510 
4,690,606 
150,904 
3.22 
Mortgage loans 
32,540,195 
28,373,757 
4,166,438 
14.68 
Repurchase Agreement 
591,175 
202,778 
388,397 
191.54 
Leases and factoring 
3,833,890 
3,666,579 
167,311 
4.56 
Other transactions 
10,199,268 
10,117,222 
82,046 
0.81 
Net loans to customers  
52,006,038 
47,050,942 
4,955,096 
10.53 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 52,006.0 million (Euro 47,050.9 million at 31 December 
2018) up by Euro 4,955.1 million since 31 December 2018 due to the business combinations carried out in the 
third quarter of the year (Euro 8,298.9 million of net loans acquired at 1st of July 2019 after completion of the 
Purchase Price Allocation). 
(in thousands)  
Captions  
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change  
Gross non-performing exposures 
 6,122,541 
 7,045,555 
(923,014) 
-13.10 
Bad loans 
 3,448,761 
 4,338,160 
(889,399) 
-20.50 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 2,478,777 
 2,638,374 
(159,597) 
-6.05 
Past due loans 
 
195,003 
 
69,021 
125,982 
182.53 
Gross performing exposures 
 49,169,481 
 44,011,304 
5,158,177 
11.72 
Total gross exposure 
 55,292,022 
 51,056,859 
4,235,163 
8.29 
Impairment provisions for non-performing exposures 
 3,124,116 
 3,841,000 
(716,884) 
-18.66 
Bad loans 
 2,277,480 
 2,889,903 
(612,423) 
-21.19 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
818,231 
 
942,585 
(124,354) 
-13.19 
Past due loans 
 
28,405 
 
8,512 
19,893 
233.71 
Impairment provisions for performing exposures 
 
161,868 
 
164,917 
(3,049) 
-1.85 
Total impairment provisions 
 3,285,984 
 4,005,917 
(719,933) 
-17.97 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,998,425 
 3,204,555 
(206,130) 
-6.43 
Bad loans 
 1,171,281 
 1,448,257 
(276,976) 
-19.12 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,660,546 
 1,695,789 
(35,243) 
-2.08 
Past due loans 
 
166,598 
 
60,509 
106,089 
175.33 
Net performing exposures 
 49,007,613 
 43,846,387 
5,161,226 
11.77 
Total net exposure 
 52,006,038 
 47,050,942 
4,955,096 
10.53

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
 
At 31 December 2019, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 3,124.1 million (Euro 
3,841 million at 31 December 2018; -18.66%), for a coverage ratio of 51.03% (54.52% at 31 December 2018), 
while provisions relating to performing loans amounted to Euro 161.9 million (Euro 164.9 million at 31 
December 2018; -1.85%), leading to a coverage ratio of 0.33% (0.37% at 31 December 2018), which reflects 
the general improvement in credit quality of the Group's performing portfolio. 
Considering the direct write-offs of bad loans still outstanding, Euro 444.0 million (Euro 727.4 million at 31 
December 2018), the coverage ratio increased to 54.34% (58.77% at 31 December 2018). 
The total coverage ratio was therefore 5.94%, down compared with 7.85% at 31 December 2018. Based on the 
same considerations set out above concerning direct write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans came to 
6.69% (9.14% at 31 December 2018). 
(in thousands)  
Loans to customers 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross  
change  
%  
Net  
change  
%  
Coverage  
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
43,119,832 40,829,483 39,677,286 
36,673,479 
8.68 
11.33 
5.31 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
248,608 
240,039 
236,743 
229,163 
5.01 
4.75 
3.45 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
1,299,644 
1,282,601 
930,338 
919,329 
39.70 
39.51 
1.31 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
8,052,242 
7,550,322 
7,772,814 
7,231,641 
3.59 
4.41 
6.23 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
1,148,305 
1,024,404 
1,183,697 
1,060,168 
-2.99 
-3.37 
10.79 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
603,265 
568,555 
636,243 
597,273 
-5.18 
-4.81 
5.75 
Total banks 
54,471,896 51,495,404 50,437,121 
46,711,053 
8.00 
10.24 
5.46 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
3,356,780 
3,081,446 
3,377,874 
3,116,700 
-0.62 
-1.13 
8.20 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
1,090,696 
1,071,966 
877,339 
858,664 
24.32 
24.84 
1.72 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
593,824 
578,396 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
2.60 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,221,174) (4,221,174) (3,635,475) (3,635,475) 
16.11 
16.11 
- 
Total of balance sheet 
55,292,022 52,006,038 51,056,859 
47,050,942 
8.29 
10.53 
5.94 
 
Net non-performing loans amounted to Euro 2,998.4 million (-6.43%), equating to 5.77% of total net loans to 
customers (6.81% at 31 December 2018), whereas, on a gross basis, the non-performing loans on loans to 
customers ratio equated to 11.07% (13.80% at 31 December 2018).  
More specifically, net bad loans amounted to Euro 1,171.3 million (-19.12%), net unlikely to pay loans totalled 
Euro 1,660.5 million (-2.08%) and net past due loans amounted to Euro 166.6 million (+175.33%). 
The net non-performing loans acquired on the absorption of Unipol Banca amounted to Euro 309.6 million 
following completion of the Purchase Price Allocation; more specifically, bad loans amounted to Euro 21.8 
million, unlikely to pay loans total Euro 257.4 million and past due loans totalled Euro 30.4 million.  
The coverage ratio, 51.03%, was down compared with 31 December 2018 (54.52%), mainly due to the sale of 
a portfolio of bad loans to UnipolReC with a gross amount of around Euro 1 billion, as well as to the 
recognition of former Unipol Banca non-performing loans directly at their fair value, without any provisions.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
 (in thousands)  
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross  
change  
%  
Net  
change  
%  
Coverage  
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
4,123,336 
1,951,565 
4,905,782 
2,028,553 
-15.95 
-3.80 
52.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
9,898 
1,776 
13,514 
6,318 
-26.76 
-71.89 
82.06 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
35,434 
23,397 
12,502 
6,304 
183.43 
271.15 
33.97 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
983,153 
497,976 
1,101,353 
578,967 
-10.73 
-13.99 
49.35 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
235,957 
114,300 
248,292 
127,576 
-4.97 
-10.41 
51.56 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
62,660 
29,349 
77,388 
40,120 
-19.03 
-26.85 
53.16 
Total banks 
5,450,438 
2,618,363 
6,358,831 
2,787,838 
-14.29 
-6.08 
51.96 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
624,791 
360,570 
651,179 
398,386 
-4.05 
-9.49 
42.29 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
29,109 
12,494 
35,545 
18,331 
-18.11 
-31.84 
57.08 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
18,203 
6,998 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
61.56 
Total of balance sheet 
6,122,541 
2,998,425 
7,045,555 
3,204,555 
-13.10 
-6.43 
51.03 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
444,039 
- 
727,371 
- 
-38.95 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
6,566,580 
2,998,425 
7,772,926 
3,204,555 
-15.52 
-6.43 
54.34 
Non-performing 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance sheet)/Loans to customers 
11.07% 
5.77% 
13.80% 
6.81% 
 
Net bad loans amounted to Euro 1,171.3 million (-19.12%), representing 2.25% of total net loans to customers 
(3.08% at 31 December 2018), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad loans on total loans to customers ratio came 
to 6.24% (8.50% at 31 December 2018). 
The coverage of bad loans was 66.04%, in line with 66.62% at 31 December 2018. 
(in thousands)  
Bad loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
2,285,012 
724,625 
3,071,119 
894,519 
-25.60 
-18.99 
68.29 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
6,004 
262 
5,734 
262 
4.71 
- 
95.64 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
7,312 
1,521 
5,393 
1,061 
35.58 
43.36 
79.20 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
613,293 
249,194 
690,969 
314,947 
-11.24 
-20.88 
59.37 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
138,034 
40,474 
148,600 
50,368 
-7.11 
-19.64 
70.68 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
40,846 
11,760 
46,256 
14,878 
-11.70 
-20.96 
71.21 
Total banks 
3,090,501 
1,027,836 
3,968,071 
1,276,035 
-22.12 
-19.45 
66.74 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
321,987 
131,725 
343,247 
162,016 
-6.19 
-18.70 
59.09 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
23,613 
7,647 
26,842 
10,206 
-12.03 
-25.07 
67.62 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
12,660 
4,073 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
67.83 
Total of balance sheet 
3,448,761 
1,171,281 
4,338,160 
1,448,257 
-20.50 
-19.12 
66.04 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
444,039 
- 
727,371 
- 
-38.95 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
3,892,800 
1,171,281 
5,065,531 
1,448,257 
-23.15 
-19.12 
69.91 
Bad 
loans 
(Total 
of 
balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
6.24% 
2.25% 
8.50% 
3.08% 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans totalled Euro 1,660.5 million (-2.08%), representing 3.19% of total net loans to 
customers (3.60% at 31 December 2018), while on a gross basis the ratio was 4.48% (5.17% at 31 December 
2018). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has decreased since the end of 2018 to 33.01%, compared with 35.73% 
at 31 December 2018.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
(in thousands)  
Unlikely to pay loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,734,539 
1,136,127 
1,807,840 
1,111,408 
-4.05 
2.22 
34.50 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
3,894 
1,514 
7,780 
6,056 
-49.95 
-75.00 
61.12 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
7,139 
4,715 
3,986 
2,585 
79.10 
82.40 
33.95 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
332,535 
216,927 
396,181 
251,804 
-16.06 
-13.85 
34.77 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
90,274 
67,868 
97,139 
74,947 
-7.07 
-9.45 
24.82 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
21,690 
17,484 
31,068 
25,188 
-30.19 
-30.59 
19.39 
Total banks 
2,190,071 
1,444,635 
2,343,994 
1,471,988 
-6.57 
-1.86 
34.04 
7. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
281,588 
210,722 
292,189 
222,086 
-3.63 
-5.12 
25.17 
8. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
4,600 
4,003 
2,191 
1,715 
109.95 
133.41 
12.98 
9. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,518 
1,186 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
52.90 
Total of balance sheet 
2,478,777 
1,660,546 
2,638,374 
1,695,789 
-6.05 
-2.08 
33.01 
Unlikely 
to 
pay 
loans/Loans 
to 
customers 
4.48% 
3.19% 
5.17% 
3.60% 
 
The net amount of past due loans was Euro 166.6 million, significantly increased (+175.33%) as consequence 
to application of the "New Definition of Default – NDoD", and represented 0.32% of total net loans to 
customers (0.13% at 31 December 2018), while, on a gross basis, the ratio of past due loans on total loans to 
customers was 0.35% (0.14% at 31 December 2018). The coverage of past due loans was 14.57% (12.33% at 
31 December 2018). 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Past due loans 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
%  
Gross 
change 
%  
Net 
change  
%  
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
103,785 
90,813 
26,823 
22,626 
286.93 
301.37 
12.50 
2. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
20,983 
17,161 
3,123 
2,658 
571.89 
545.64 
18.21 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
37,325 
31,855 
14,203 
12,216 
162.80 
160.76 
14.66 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
7,649 
5,958 
2,553 
2,261 
199.61 
163.51 
22.11 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
124 
105 
64 
54 
93.75 
94.44 
15.32 
Total banks 
169,866 
145,892 
46,766 
39,815 
263.23 
266.42 
14.11 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
21,216 
18,123 
15,743 
14,284 
34.76 
26.88 
14.58 
7. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
896 
844 
6,512 
6,410 
-86.24 
-86.83 
5.80 
8. Finitalia S.p.a. 
3,025 
1,739 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
42.51 
Total of balance sheet 
195,003 
166,598 
69,021 
60,509 
182.53 
175.33 
14.57 
Past due loans/Loans to customers 
0.35% 
0.32% 
0.14% 
0.13%

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
The distribution of loans to non-financial corporates is analysed by ATECO category below: 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Distribution of loans to  
non-financial corporates 
31.12.2019 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
848,309 
1.63 
B. Mining and quarrying 
38,258 
0.07 
C. Manufacturing 
7,411,084 
14.27 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning  
657,765 
1.26 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
338,988 
0.65 
F. Construction 
2,417,385 
4.65 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
4,655,976 
8.95 
H. Transport and storage 
922,480 
1.77 
I.  Hotel and restaurants 
1,319,977 
2.54 
J.  Information and communication 
314,345 
0.60 
L. Real estate 
3,140,580 
6.04 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
752,439 
1.45 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,065,936 
2.05 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
7,280 
0.01 
P. Education 
28,010 
0.05 
Q. Health and welfare 
356,895 
0.69 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
171,219 
0.33 
S. Other services 
373,272 
0.72 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
24,820,198 
47.73 
Individuals and other not included above 
21,191,159 
40.75 
Financial corporates 
3,599,739 
6.92 
Insurance companies 
42,900 
0.08 
Governments and other public entities 
2,352,042 
4.52 
Total loans 
52,006,038 
100.00

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
Net interbank lending 
 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change %  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
2,321,809 
1,540,509 
781,300 
50.72 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
441,913 
169,438 
272,475 
160.81 
2. Reverse repurchase agreements 
- 
- 
- 
n.s. 
3. Other 
1,879,896 
1,371,071 
508,825 
37.11 
B. Due to banks 
12,213,133 
13,126,248 
(913,115) 
-6.96 
Total (A-B) 
(9,891,324) 
(11,585,739) 
1,694,415 
-14.63 
 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change %  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
5,100,751 
2,321,809 
2,778,942 
119.69 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
426,428 
441,913 
(15,485) 
-3.50 
2. Reverse repurchase agreements 
487,689 
- 
487,689 
n.s. 
3. Other 
4,186,634 
1,879,896 
2,306,738 
122.71 
B. Due to banks 
16,600,757 
12,213,133 
4,387,624 
35.93 
Total (A-B) 
(11,500,006) 
(9,891,324) 
(1,608,682) 
16.26 
 
 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 31 December 2019. Compared with 31 
December 2018, the balance includes the quota taken up by Unipol Banca, which was absorbed by the Parent 
Company on 25 November 2019. 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) -BPER Banca 
4,400 
24.06.2020 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - CR Saluzzo 
95 
24.06.2020 
3. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - BPER Banca 
1,000 
16.12.2020 
4. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) -BPER Banca 
4,136 
24.03.2021 
5. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-II) - CR Saluzzo 
34 
24.03.2021 
Total 
9,665 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 the BPER Banca Group has therefore obtained Euro 9,665 million of TLTRO II loans, 
against a loan limit of Euro 10,991 million, with a valuation at 31 December 2019 of Euro 9,542 million, after 
deducting accrued interest income. 
At 31 December 2019, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for 
refinancing at the European Central Bank, of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 20,911 million 
(Euro 18,716 million at 31 December 2018). The available portion at 31 December 2019 amounted to Euro 
10,363 million (Euro 5,692 million at 31 December 2018).

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 30 June 2020. Since 31 December 
2019, the Group has benefited from the additional liquidity made available by the ECB by repaying early the 
TLTRO-II loans expiring subsequent to 30 June 2020 and arranging to new sources of funds: TLTRO-III and 
currency loans. 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central 
Bank 
Currency 
Capital 
Value 
Maturity 
1. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
200 
184 02.07.2020 
2. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
200 
183 09.07.2020 
3. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
100 
92 30.07.2020 
4. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
150 
138 06.08.2020 
5. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
150 
137 20.08.2020 
6. Currency loan through auction 
usd 
180 
161 27.08.2020 
7. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) -BPER 
Banca 
euro 
14,000 
14,000 28.08.2023 
Total 
14,980 
14,895 
 
 
The BPER Banca Group has therefore obtained Euro 14,000 million of TLTRO III loans, against a loan limit 
of Euro 16,711 million, with a valuation at 30 June 2020 of Euro 13,997.7 million, after deducting accrued 
interest income. 
At 30 June 2020, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing at 
the European Central Bank, with an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 27,101 million (Euro 20,911 
million at 31 December 2019). The available portion amounts to Euro 10,554 million (Euro 10,363 million at 
31 December 2019). 
 
 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
The following table sets forth the information as at 31 December 2019. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Nominal 
value 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
20,911 
10,548 
10,363 
1 Securities as collateral for own and third-party 
commitments 
363 
363 
2 Securities subject to funding repurchase agreements 
643 
643 
3 Securities and loans not transferred to the Pooling 
Account 
8,507 
8,507 
4 Securities and loans transferred to the Pooling 
Account 
11,398 
9,542 
1,856 
    of which:  
    Own securitisations 
1,938 
1,757 
    Guaranteed Bank Bonds issued by the Bank 
3,400 
2,858 
    Collateralized Bank Assets  
 
4,950 
 
2,762 
 
 
As summarised in the table, at 31 December 2019, the Pooling account of the Central Treasury possessed 
significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing by the European Central Bank, of an overall 
amount, net of margin call, of Euro 11,398 million, of which Euro 9,542 million has been refinanced (Euro 
1,856 million was still available).

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
These include: 
• 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers (at 31 December 2019 Euro 1,433.2 million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 
1,297.1 million), using the special purpose vehicles Dedalo s.r.l., Sardegna RE Finance s.r.l. and 
Grecale s.r.l.; 
• 
securities from self-securitisations of performing loans portfolios given to the Bank's own customers 
in the small and medium-sized businesses segment (at 31 December 2019 Euro 504.8 million, eligible 
for refinancing up to Euro 459.8 million), using the special purpose vehicle Multi Lease AS s.r.l.;  
• 
Guaranteed Bank Bonds issue by the Bank with a nominal value of Euro 3,400 million, eligible for 
refinancing up to Euro 2,858.3 million, using the special purpose vehicles Estense Covered Bond s.r.l. 
and Estense CPT Covered Bond s.r.l; 
• 
Collateralized Bank Assets (A.BA.CO) for Euro 4,949.6 million at 31 December 2019, of which Euro 
2,761.7 million eligible for refinancing. 
 
The following table sets forth the information as at 30 June 2020. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Nominal 
value 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
27,101 
16,547 
10,554 
1 Securities as collateral for own and third-party 
commitments 
329 
329 
2 Securities subject to funding repurchase agreements 
1,246 
1,246 
3 Securities and loans not transferred to the Pooling 
Account 
7,326 
7,326 
4 Securities and loans transferred to the Pooling Account 
18,200 
14,972 
3,228 
    of which:  
    Own securitisations 
1,706 
1,561 
    Guaranteed Bank Bonds issued by the Bank 
4,500 
3,876 
    Collateralized Bank Assets  
 
5,273 
 
4,148 
 
 
As summarised in the table, at 30 June 2020, the Pooling account of the Central Treasury possessed significant 
resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing by the European Central Bank, of an overall amount, net 
of margin call, of Euro 18,200 million, of which Euro 14,972 million has been refinanced (Euro 3,228 million 
is still available).  
 
These include: 
• 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers (at 30 June 2020 Euro 1,294.6 million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 1,181.4 
million), using the special purpose vehicles Dedalo s.r.l., Sardegna RE Finance s.r.l. and Grecale s.r.l.; 
• 
securities from self-securitisations of performing residential mortgage portfolios given to the Bank's 
own customers in the small and medium-sized businesses segment (at 30 June 2020 Euro 411.1 
million, eligible for refinancing up to Euro 379.6 million), using the special purpose vehicle Multi 
Lease AS s.r.l.;  
• 
Guaranteed Bank Bonds issue by the Bank with a nominal value of Euro 4,500 million, eligible for 
refinancing up to Euro 3,876 million, using the special purpose vehicles Estense Covered Bond s.r.l. 
and Estense CPT Covered Bond s.r.l;

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
• 
Collateralised Bank Assets (A.BA.CO.) for Euro 5,273 million at 30 June 2020, of which Euro 4,148 
million eligible for refinancing.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Funding 
The following table shows the BPER Group’s borrowing breakdown. 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
47,724,679 
37,413,210 
10,311,469 
27.56 
Time deposits 
954,077 
1,901,381 
(947,304) 
-49.82 
Repurchase agreements 
238,736 
2,539,391 
(2,300,655) 
-90.60 
Lease liabilities 
306,037 
11,883 
294,154 
-- 
Other short-term loans 
2,997,190 
2,728,998 
268,192 
9.83 
Bonds 
 5,089,892 
3,990,573 
1,099,319 
27.55 
 - subscribed by institutional customers 
 
3,278,364 
2,531,595 
746,769 
29.50 
 - subscribed by ordinary customers 
 
1,811,528 
1,458,978 
352,550 
24.16 
Certificates 
 
36,541 
52,672 
(16,131) 
-30.63 
Certificates of deposit 
708,456 
1,358,311 
(649,855) 
-47.84 
Direct deposits from customers 
58,055,608 
49,996,419 
8,059,189 
16.12 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
110,623,352 
36,257,418 
74,365,934 
205.11 
 - of which managed 
 
41,714,305 
19,330,962 
22,383,343 
115.79 
 - of which administered 
 
68,909,047 
16,926,456 
51,982,591 
307.11 
Customer funds under administration  
168,678,960 
86,253,837 
82,425,123 
95.56 
Bank borrowing 
12,213,133 
13,126,248 
(913,115) 
-6.96 
Funds under administration or management 
180,892,093 
99,380,085 
81,512,008 
82.02 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 58,055.6 million have increased by 16.12%. The increase was mainly 
influenced by the contribution of Unipol Banca (Euro 9,955.2 million acquired on 1st of July 2019 following 
completion of the Purchase Price Allocation), as well as by the recognition of lease liabilities, as a technicality 
involved in the application of IFRS 16. 
Among the various technical forms, bonds have increased by Euro 1,099.3 million (27.55%), following new 
covered bond issues and acquisition of the loans issued by Unipol Banca (Euro 1,263.4 million acquired on 1st 
of July 2019 following the Purchase Price Allocation), and current accounts have increased by Euro 10,311.5 
million (+27.56%), also due to the acquisition of direct funding from Unipol Banca. 
By contrast, repurchase agreements have decreased by Euro 2,300.7 million (-90.60%), following the 
termination of certain relationships with institutional customers, certificates of deposit by Euro 649.9 million (-
47.84%) and time deposits by Euro 947.3 million (-49.82%). 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, totalled Euro 110,623.4 million, up from 31 December 
2018 (+205.11%) due to the significant contribution made by Unipol Banca (Euro 51,898 million at 1st of July 
2019) and Arca Fondi SGR (Euro 29,822.5 million at 31 December 2019, of which around Euro 12,686.4 
million previously placed by the Group banks).  
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including bank borrowing (Euro 12,213.1 
million) amounted to Euro 180,892.1 million. 
 
(in thousands)  
Direct deposits 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change  
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 45,859,374 
 36,292,280 
9,567,094 
26.36 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
817,559 
 
900,837 
(83,278) 
-9.24 
3. Banca di Sassari s.p.a.  
 
133,271 
 
124,905 
8,366 
6.70 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 10,009,648 
 11,229,434 
(1,219,786) 
-10.86 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
783,123 
 
803,429 
(20,306) 
-2.53 
6. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
685,005 
 
727,329 
(42,324) 
-5.82 
Total banks 
 58,287,980 
 50,078,214 
8,209,766 
16.39 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
 
(232,372) 
 
(81,795) 
(150,577) 
184.09 
Total 
 58,055,608 
 49,996,419 
8,059,189 
16.12

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
 
(in thousands)  
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
761,177 
 
775,973 
(14,796) 
-1.91 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
761,177 
 
775,973 
(14,796) 
-1.91 
 
 
There were no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2019 (as at 31 December 2018). 
 
 
(in thousands)  
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
Change 
% 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 88,416,773 
 31,978,280 
56,438,493 
176.49 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
575,377 
 
624,615 
(49,238) 
-7.88 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,750,082 
 4,025,753 
724,329 
17.99 
4. Cassa di Risparmio di Bra s.p.a. 
 
558,599 
 
504,858 
53,741 
10.64 
5. Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo s.p.a. 
 
379,962 
 
312,859 
67,103 
21.45 
Total banks 
 94,680,793 
 37,446,365 
57,234,428 
152.84 
6. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
 29,822,478 
 
- 
29,822,478 
n.s. 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(13,879,919) 
 (1,188,947) 
(12,690,972) 
-- 
Total 
110,623,352 
 36,257,418 
74,365,934 
205.11

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and 
in the 2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the 
European Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates. 
From 30 June 2015 the accounting scope of consolidation is aligned with that required for prudential reporting 
purposes: companies excluded are treated in the same way as the banks and companies subject to significant 
influence and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 31 December 2017, the BPER Banca Group adopted internal models for measuring the capital requirements 
relating to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The scope45 of the models included 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca and, from the first quarter of 2019, also Cassa di Risparmio di 
Bra, Sardaleasing and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo were formally included in the roll-out plan and adopt the 
IRB Approach as scheduled in the plan. It is whorty to note that starting from 27 July 2020 Cassa di Risparmio 
di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo were abosbed in BPER Banca. The other BPER Banca Group 
companies and asset classes not included in the roll-out plan continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
The use of internal models has given rise to an increase in the capital buffer over and above the ECB's 
minimum requirement of CET1 that originally was equal to 9% and then reduced to 8.125%, as shown on 31 
March and 30 June 2020 financial data, by the same ECB with a latter communication on April 2020. 
At 31 December 2019 the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be complied with was equal to 9.018% 
Phased In and Fully Phased, as it was also influenced by the additional requirement constituted by the specific 
countercyclical capital reserve of the BPER Banca Group of 0.018%. 
Compared with that limit, the amount of available equity at 31 December 2019 could be quantified at Euro 
1,699 million (about 489 bps of CET1) under the Phased In transitional arrangements, while on a Fully Phased 
basis it could be put at Euro 1,035 million, about 299 bps. 
With regard to the above, the amount of CET1 has been calculated taking into account the portion of the profit 
for the year allocable to equity, totalling Euro 306.7 million, determined in accordance with the process 
envisaged in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (CRR) for the purpose of its computability.  
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2019. 
 
                                                        
45 The ECB authorised the use of internal models on 24 June 2016.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
8 
 
(in thousands)  
 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Phased 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
31.12.2018  
Fully 
Phased 
31.12.2018 
Phased in 
Change 
in 
Phased 
in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital- 
CET1 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
3,642,754 
4,367,711 
461,096 
10.56 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
152,092 
152,092 
31,554 
31,554 
120,538 
382.01 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
3,674,308 
4,399,265 
581,634 
13.22 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
858,760 
859,015 
878,992 
879,587 
(20,572) 
-2.34 
Total Own Funds 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
4,553,300 
5,278,852 
561,062 
10.63 
Total 
Risk-weighted 
assets 
(RWA) 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
30,489,167 
30,606,171 4,115,106 
13.45 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
12.01% 
13.91% 
11.95% 
14.27% 
- 36 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
12.45% 
14.35% 
12.05% 
14.37% 
-2 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own 
Funds/RWA) 
14.94% 
16.82% 
14.93% 
17.25% 
-43 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
43.75% 
43.93% 
43.16% 
43.33% 
  60 bps 
9 
 
 
At 31 December 2019 the capital ratios were as follows: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 13.91% (13.10% at 30 September 2019, 14.33% at 30 
June 2019, 14.24% at 31 March 2019 and 14.27% at 31 December 2018). The ratio calculated on 
Fully Phased basis is equal to 12.01% (11.28% at 30 September 2019, 12.33% at 30 June 2019, 
12.24% at 31 March 2019 and 11.95% at 31 December 2018); 
• 
Phased In Tier 1 ratio of 14.35% (13.55% at 30 September 2019, 14.42% at 30 June 2019, 14.32% at 
31 March 2019 and 14.37% at 31 December 2018); 
• 
Total Capital ratio (Phased In) of 16.82% (16.12% at 30 September 2019, 17.32% at 30 June 2019, 
17.23% at 31 March 2019 and 17.25% at 31 December 2018). 
 
Note that the BPER Banca Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are 
summarised below: 
• 
credit risk - for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna, Bibanca and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Bra, the credit risk measurement is performed using the AIRB method. For Banks and 
other Companies that are not in the scope of validation and for other risk assets not included in the 
validated models, the standardized approach has been maintained; 
• 
credit down-rating risk - the standardized approach is used;  
• 
market risk - the standardized approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on 
equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to 
determine the related individual and consolidated capital requirement; 
• 
operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardized approach (TSA). 
 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Reserve requirement specified for 
the BPER Banca Group of 0.003% at 30 June 2020, raising the overall minimum to 8.128%. Compared with 
that limit, the amount of available equity (CET 1) at 30 June 2020 can be quantified at Euro 2,023 million 
(about 598 bps of CET1) under the phased in transitional arrangements, while on a fully loaded basis it can be 
put at Euro 1,499 million, or about 444 bps of CET 1. 
 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 includes that portion of the profit for the period 
allocable to equity, Euro 104.7 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 of 
ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR).

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 2020.  
10  
 
(in thousands)  
 
30.06.2020  
Fully 
Loaded 
30.06.2020 
Phased in 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
Change in 
Phased in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital- 
CET1 
4,240,665 
4,773,562 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
(55,245) 
-1.14 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
151,794 
151,794 
152,092 
152,092 
(298) 
-0.20 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
4,392,459 
4,925,356 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
(55,543) 
-1.12 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
833,371 
833,541 
858,760 
859,015 
(25,474) 
-2.97 
Total Own Funds 
5,225,830 
5,758,897 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
(81,017) 
-1.39 
Total Risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) 
33,744,261 
33,820,055 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
(901,222) 
-2.60 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
12.57% 
14.11% 
12.01% 
13.91% 
20 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
13.02% 
14.56% 
12.45% 
14.35% 
21 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total 
Own Funds/RWA) 
15.49% 
17.03% 
14.94% 
16.82% 
21 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
39.27% 
39.36% 
43.75% 
43.93% 
-457 bps 
11  
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 14.11% (13.60% at 31 March 2020 and 13.91% at 31 
December 2019). This ratio calculated on a Fully Loaded basis comes to 12.57% (12.07% at 31 
March 2020 and 12.01% at 31 December 2019); 
• 
Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.56% (14.05% at 31 March 2020 and 14.35% at 31 December 2019); 
• 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased In) of 17.03% (16.59% at 31 March 2020 and 16.82% at 31 December 
2019).

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2019 compared with 31 
December 2018. 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
31.12.2019 
31.12.2018 
10. 
Interest and similar income  
1,419,767 
1,375,925 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective interest method 
1,395,908 
1,358,857 
20. 
Interest and similar expense  
(255,228) 
(253,488) 
30. 
Net interest income 
1,164,539 
1,122,437 
40. 
Commission income 
1,043,000 
812,147 
50. 
Commission expense 
(111,050) 
(35,882) 
60. 
Net commission income 
931,950 
776,265 
70. 
Dividends and similar income  
14,101 
34,339 
80. 
Net income from trading activities 
180 
1,812 
90. 
Net income from hedging activities 
(1,546) 
1,621 
100. Gains (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of:  
116,600 
91,925 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
38,710 
(77,645) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
77,664 
168,662 
c) financial liabilities  
226 
908 
110. Net income on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
(1,241) 
8,664 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
(8,436) 
(4,378) 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
7,195 
13,042 
120. Net interest and other banking income 
2,224,583 
2,037,063 
130. Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to:  
(446,291) 
(223,706) 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(447,547) 
(225,772) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,256 
2,066 
140. Gains (Losses)  from contractual modifications without derecognition 
(2,979) 
(2,956) 
150. Net income from financial activities 
1,775,313 
1,810,401 
180. Net income from financial and insurance activities 
1,775,313 
1,810,401 
190. Administrative expenses: 
(1,699,466) 
(1,442,264) 
a) staff costs 
(1,049,686) 
(821,494) 
b) other administrative expenses 
(649,780) 
(620,770) 
200. Net provisions for risks and charges 
(12,193) 
(7,794) 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
9,032 
16,197 
b) other net provisions 
(21,225) 
(23,991) 
210. Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(125,524) 
(70,405) 
220. Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(59,552) 
(48,534) 
230. Other operating expense/income 
188,348 
152,823 
240. Operating costs 
(1,708,387) 
(1,416,174) 
250. Gains (Losses) of equity investments 
7,213 
13,349 
270. Impairment losses on goodwill 
- 
(62,344) 
275. Gain on a bargain purchase 
343,361 
- 
280. Gains (Losses) on disposal investments 
(602) 
294 
290. Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax  
416,898 
345,526 
300. Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(22,446) 
100,264 
310. Profit (Loss) from current operations after tax 
394,452 
445,790 
330. Profit (Loss) for the year 
394,452 
445,790 
340. Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(14,869) 
(43,837) 
350. Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
379,583 
401,953

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department now reports directly to the Parent Company's Chief Executive Officer and 
is broken down into the following Organisational Units: 
• 
Rating Office and Risk Governance Office, as staff functions for the Chief Risk Officer; 
• 
Financial Risk Department; 
• 
Credit and Operational Risk Department; 
• 
Credit Control and Internal Ratification Department. 
 
The Risk Management Department, as the Group's risk control function, aims to collaborate in the definition 
and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework and the related risk governance policies, through an 
adequate risk management process. 
An integral part of its mission is to ensure adequate reporting to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company 
and Group companies.  
The Risk Management Department extends its area of responsibility to all of the Group companies included in 
the current risk map, given that the "Group Guidelines - Internal Control System" provide for centralised 
management of the risk control function by the Parent Company. 
The Group companies that have this function outsource it to the Parent Company, with the exception of the 
Luxembourg based company46. 
The mission of the Risk Management Department is carried out as part of the Parent Company's guidance and 
coordination activity as an outsourcer for Group banks and companies.  
The Risk Management Department operates at Group companies through a Contact (who functionally reports 
to it) identified at the various Group companies. 
 
The responsibilities of the Risk Management Department are entrusted to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), who 
performs the role with support from the organisational units that report hierarchically to the department. The 
principal activities include: 
• 
within the ambit of the Risk Appetite Framework, proposing the quantitative and qualitative 
parameters necessary for its definition, both in the normal course of business and in situations of 
stress, ensuring their adequacy over time in relation to changes in the internal and external context; 
• 
proposal of risk governance policies for measurable and non-measurable risks not allocated to other 
control functions (limited to the sections relating to risk management and exposure/operational limits) 
and oversight of their implementation, ensuring that the various stages of the risk management 
process are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
• 
development of risk management methodologies, processes and tools via the identification, 
measurement/assessment, monitoring and reporting of risks, ensuring their adequacy over time 
through the development and application of indicators designed to highlight anomalous situations and 
inefficiencies. In particular: 
 
definition of common metrics of operational risk assessment (including IT risks) that are 
consistent with the RAF, in coordination with the Compliance Function, the ICT function and 
the Business Continuity function; 
                                                        
46 Circular CSSF 14/597 – Update of circular CSSF 12/552 on the central administration, internal governance and risk management "117. 
Outsourcing the compliance function and risk control function is not authorised."

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
definition of methods to evaluate and control reputational risk, in coordination with the 
Compliance function and the corporate functions that are most exposed to this type of risk; 
 
provision of assistance to the Corporate Bodies in the assessment of strategic risk by monitoring 
significant variables. 
• 
monitoring the actual risk profile assumed in relation to the risk objectives defined in the RAF, 
collaborating in the definition of operating limits for the assumption of various types of risk and 
constantly verifying their adequacy and compliance, reporting any overruns to Corporate Bodies; 
• 
provision of support to the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the ICAAP and ILAAP, 
preparation of reports to be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and coordination of the various 
phases of the process and performance of those assigned to it; 
• 
coordination of the process for the preparation and update of the BPER Banca Group recovery plan to 
be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and performance of the phases assigned to it; 
• 
coordination of activities associated with the internal stress testing programme with the help of the 
various organisational structures involved, in the various execution areas (operational and regulatory 
stress test); 
• 
checking the adequacy and effectiveness of the measures taken to correct weaknesses in the risk 
management process; 
• 
development, ratification 47  and upkeep of the internal systems of risk measurement, ensuring 
compliance with the instructions issued by the Supervisory Authority, as well as consistency with the 
operational needs of the company and the evolution of the market; 
• 
provision of preventive advice on the consistency of more significant transactions with the RAF, 
acquiring if necessary, depending on the nature of the transaction, the opinion of other functions 
involved in the risk management process; 
• 
analysis of risks deriving from new products/services and from entry into new business segments; 
• 
control of the rating and override processes; 
• 
performance of second-level checks on the lending process, verifying the existence of effective 
supervision over credit exposures (especially if impaired), the proper classification of risk and the 
adequacy of provisions; the effectiveness of the recovery process; 
• 
involvement in defining, updating and monitoring the Non-Performing Loans strategy (providing 
estimates of the impact on the risk parameters used in the internal rating system and on the Group's 
capital profile in terms of RWA and Shortfall), as well as in policies and processes for their 
management before submission to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and Group 
companies;  
• 
it handles execution of the activities included in the second-level control framework on non-
performing loans; 
• 
it coordinates the preliminary activities for the preparation and updating of the Resolution Plan, 
prepared by the Resolution Authority, directly carrying out the steps that are within its sphere of 
competence.  
 
In addition, the Risk Management Department: 
• 
takes part in the definition of the Group's strategy, assessing the relative impact on risk; 
• 
takes part in deciding on strategic changes to the Group's internal control system. 
 
 
                                                        
47 Through the Model Ratification Office

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Business Continuity 
Routine work in the area of business continuity was completed in 2019, making it possible to update the 
Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company, the Business Continuity Plans of those banks and companies 
within the Banking Group with critical processes, and the Disaster Recovery plans of all the companies 
concerned. 
In addition, the following innovative elements were introduced during 2019: 
• 
Direct access to Orbit by the managers of organisational units required to complete the BIA analyses 
relevant to them; 
• 
Implementation and updates to the “Test” module of the Orbit application used to prepare 
documentation for the Operational Continuity checks carried out by those Group companies whose IT 
systems are aligned;  
• 
Enhanced monitoring of critical suppliers via the incremental identification of Operational continuity 
contacts; 
• 
Identification of back-up sites for the critical processes of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di 
Risparmio di Saluzzo, respectively in Lagnasco and Bra. 
 
Two internal audits were carried out, covering the “Routine management of Operational Continuity and 
Disaster Recovery and Test Participation” and “Participation in Operational Continuity tests by suppliers and 
third parties”. The outcomes were widely satisfactory. 
 
Additionally, two training sessions were delivered to: 
• 
Managers of the functions involved in the impact analysis carried out at all banks and companies 
regarding the “Routine management of Operational Continuity” sub-process; 
• 
Contact persons assigned to monitor critical suppliers. 
 
With regard to the Group's annual testing plan, 18 operational continuity tests were carried out (1 on the cyber-
theft of data in walk-through mode; 9 exercises covering the non-availability of human resources, of which 3 in 
walk-through mode; 4 exercises covering the non-availability of sites, including 1 in walk-through mode; 1 
exercise covering the non-availability of infrastructure; 1 exercise covering the non-availability of 
infrastructure and the primary site; 1 walk-through exercise on the non-availability of the primary site, 
infrastructure and human resources; 1 exercise on the chain of command during the non-availability of 
infrastructure and critical IT systems), as well as 4 disaster recovery tests (non-availability of IT systems). 
Overall positive outcomes were achieved. Group entities also participated in and/or received the results of  14 
tests carried out by critical suppliers. 
 
The annual analysis of the Bank's critical processes also highlighted the residual risks, which were brought to 
the attention of the Risk Committee on 20 November 2019 and then to the Board of Directors on 19 December 
2019. The Board meeting held on 19 December 2019 approved the updates to the continuity plan.  
Work is also well advanced on an update to the Group Regulation governing the “Management of Operational 
Continuity” (and related Operating Instructions), with a view to adopting the relevant new internal and external 
regulations, including the new EBA Guidelines. In particular, the document is being finalised and agreed with 
the internal functions involved.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
For any further information related to the epidemic risk (Covid-19 crisis) see also the “Risk Factors” section.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
Recent Developments 
Supplementary agreement for the acquisition of a going concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group 
With reference to the agreement signed on 17 February 2020 with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ("ISP"), as 
subsequently integrated on 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 to regulate the acquisition of a going concern 
by BPER from ISP, on 12 November 2020 BPER announced that, based on an analysis of the distribution 
structure of UBI Banca, the parties signed a supplementary agreement with the aim of completing the 
definition of the branches and proceeding with the identification of the human resources to be included in the 
going concern involved in the acquisition. 
The scope of the going concern comprises 486 branches with accounting autonomy and where customers’ 
accounts are legally registered (7 more than what had already been established by the parties), and 134 so-
called operational units which ensure services to branch customers and do not have accounting autonomy. 
The fact that the operational units form part of the going concern will help to preserve the high quality of the 
service offered to customers, also given the widespread presence in the areas concerned. The geographical 
distribution of the branches and operational units included in the going concern, in line with what had already 
been agreed by the parties, shows a high concentration in Northern Italy, particularly in Lombardy. 
The human resources involved in the going concern come to a total of 5,107 employees, including the portion 
of resources interested by the voluntary exit plan contained in the labour agreement signed by ISP and the 
Trade Unions on 29 September 2020, resulting substantially in line with BPER's objectives and what was 
originally envisaged. The going concern is made up mainly by staff of the network of branches and operational 
units, and of Private Banking and Corporate Services, in addition to "semi-centre" personnel, in support of the 
regional and local units that coordinate the branches being acquired, and "centre" personnel for the 
strengthening of central, control and IT functions. 
At present, the prudential economic estimates of the contribution of the going concern to the combined entity 
(BPER Group plus going concern) are confirmed, in line with what has already been communicated to the 
market. 
The strategic and industrial rationale of the transaction is also confirmed, in line with the objectives of 
dimensional growth and consolidation of the competitive positioning of the BPER Group, strengthening both 
its customer base and market share in regions of great economic importance where BPER currently has a 
limited presence. 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process European Central Bank 
On 27 November 2020 BPER informed that the European Central Bank, in relation to the Supervisory Review 
and Evaluation Process (“SREP”), announced that it will not issue any decision on the prudential requirements 
in 2020 and, therefore, BPER will have to comply with the requirements currently in place, also taking into 
account the regulatory change introduced since 12 March 2020.48 
 
Based on this, it is confirmed that BPER will have to maintain a minimum capital ratio in terms of Common 
Equity Tier 1 ("CET1 ratio") of 8.125% on a consolidated basis for 2021, consisting of the sum of the 
minimum regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.125%49 and the 
Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.5%, while the minimum Total Own Funds requirement ("Total Capital ratio") 
must be equal to 12.5%. 
BPER's consolidated capital ratios as at 30 September 2020 are as follows: 
                                                        
48 In order to support supervised banks in their lending to the real economy under the extraordinary circumstances linked to the spread of 
the coronavirus (COVID19), the ECB informed BPER on 8 April 2020, with effect from 12 March 2020, about a new method for holding 
the Pillar 2 additional own funds requirement of 2%, having to be at least 56.25% of CET1 and 75% of T1. The Common Equity Tier 1 
Ratio requirement to be met was therefore equal to 8.125% Phased in. 
49 See note above.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
• Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio Phased In pro-forma50 of 14.61%. This ratio calculated on a pro-
forma Fully Loaded basis comes to 13.03%51; 
• Total capital ratio Phased In pro-forma52 of 17.53%. 
 
 
                                                        
50 Reg. 2395/2017 "Transitional provisions for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds" introduced the 
transitional regime (the so-called "phased-in") for the impact of IFRS 9 on own funds, giving banks a chance to spread the effect on own 
funds over a period of 5 years (from March 2018 to December 2022), sterilizing the impact in CET1 by applying decreasing percentages 
over time. The BPER Banca Group has chosen to adopt the so-called "static approach" to be applied to the impact resulting from 
comparison between the IAS 39 adjustments at 31/12/2017 and the IFRS 9 adjustments at 1/1/2018. The “proforma” values reported 
include the result accrued during the third quarter, equal to € 95.9 million, for which the request for recognition in the Own Funds has not 
yet begun and will be finalized with reference to the reporting date for regulatory purposes of December 2020. 
51 The Fully Loaded Common Equity Tier 1 ratio pro-forma has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force 
and taking into account the result for the period, net of the expected pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax 
assets relating to first-time adoption of IFRS9. The inclusion of the result for the period in CET1 is subject to the approval of the European 
Central Bank. The authorization process for the request for recognition of the result for the period has not yet begun and will be finalized 
with reference to the reporting date for regulatory purposes of December 2020. 
52 See note 47.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
TAXATION  
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a 
retroactive basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and 
does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which 
(such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules.   
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") sets out the applicable regime regarding the tax 
treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and 
the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from notes falling within the 
category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) issued, inter 
alia, by Italian banks. For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are 
securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower than 
their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities 
were issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory 
capital financial instruments complying with EU and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian 
banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution other than companies, trusts not carrying out mainly or 
exclusively commercial activities, the Italian State and public and territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
(unless the investor has opted for the application of the asset management regime ("regime del risparmio 
gestito") - see under "Capital gains tax" below for an analysis of such regime), 
Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred 
to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under 
(a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and may be deducted from the taxation on income due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from 
any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the 
Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016  (the "Finance Act 
2017"), as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no. 124 of 26 
October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited partnerships 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private and public institutions, 
carrying out commercial activities and holding the Notes in connection with this kind of activities) or a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the 
Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore 
subject to general Italian corporate taxation and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the 
Noteholder, also to "IRAP" (the regional tax on productive activities). 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, SGRs, 
stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an ''Intermediary''). An

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Intermediary must (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
financial intermediary, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. 
For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or 
other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes 
or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the issuer. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, Fondi 
Lussemburghesi Storici, SICAV (an investment company with variable capital), or a SICAF (investment 
company with fixed capital) (the ''Fund''), and the Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest 
accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, 
be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be 
subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent may apply to income of the Fund 
derived by unitholders or shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and 
shares.   
Interest accrued on the Notes and received by Italian real estate funds (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010) or a 
SICAF to which the provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply 
("Real Estate SICAF"), is subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real 
estate fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to tax, in 
the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when earned by the 
fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, 
but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to 
a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions and limitations, interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set 
forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in 
Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian 
resident beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy and listed in Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as recently amended by Ministerial 
Decree of 23 March 2017 (the "White List"). Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, letter c) of Decree 239, 
the Ministry of Finance should update the White List on a semi-annual basis; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an ''institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which 
allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, to Interest paid to non-Italian Noteholders other than the above. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of the payments of Interest on the Notes or foreign institutional investors not 
subject to taxation; 
(b) 
timely deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian resident entity or

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of 
the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder 
declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with 
the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the 
payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management 
of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian 
resident, the withholding tax is a final tax. For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the 26 per cent withholding 
tax rate may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from 
any income taxation, including the 26 per cent withholding tax, on interest, premium and other income relating 
to the Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of the Finance Act 
2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 
October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes 
would be subject to a 26 per cent capital gains tax ("imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze"). Noteholders may 
set off any losses with their gains.  
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, taxpayers may opt for one of the three 
regimes described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime ("regime della dichiarazione"), which is the default regime for 
Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative 
basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the Italian resident individual 
Noteholder holding the Notes. In this instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected 
with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred 
capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any 
balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, may elect to pay under the administrative savings regime ("regime del 
risparmio amministrato") the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze separately on capital gains realised 
on each sale or redemption of the Notes. Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial 
intermediaries; and 
(ii) 
an express election for the administrative savings regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss.  
The depository must also pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the 
taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or 
using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the administrative savings regime, 
where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such capital loss may be deducted 
from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax year 
or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the administrative savings regime, the Noteholder 
is not required to report the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
In the asset management regime, any capital gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the 
Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity, Italian resident partnerships not carrying out 
commercial activities and Italian private or public institutions not carrying out mainly or exclusively 
commercial activities, who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the 
Notes) to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation of the annual increase in 
value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26 per cent 
substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed 
assets accrued at the year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital 
gains realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected may be exempt from 
Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of 
the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 October 2019, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Fund will be included in the result of the portfolio accrued 
at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation on such results, but a withholding tax of 
26 per cent may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or shareholders through distribution 
and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010) or a 
Real Estate SICAF is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF. The income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF is 
subject to tax, in the hands of the unitholder, depending on the status and percentage of participation, or, when 
earned by the fund, through distribution and/or upon redemption or disposal of the units. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(100-114) 
of Finance Act 2017, as amended and supplemented from time to time, and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 
124 of 26 October 2019, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer 
and traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze irrespective of the 
place in which they are deemed to be held. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
Noteholders file in due course with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit 
(autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets 
issued by an Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy, if the Notes are held in 
Italy. 
However, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated 
markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, provided that the effective beneficiary is: 
(i) resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; (ii) an international 
entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (iii) a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an 
"institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy. 
In such cases, in order to benefit from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the 
asset management regime or are subject to the administrative savings regime, may be required to produce in 
due time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet 
the subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
For the purposes of the above, the currently applicable “white list” of countries allowing for an adequate 
exchange of information with Italy is provided for by the White List Decree, as recently amended by 
Ministerial Decree of 23 March 2017. Pursuant to Article 11, para. 4, letter c) of Decree 239, the Ministry of 
Finance should update the White List Decree on a semi-annual basis. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of 
Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that the 
capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of 
the recipient. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
The transfer of Notes by reason of gift, donation or succession proceedings is subject to Italian gift and 
inheritance tax as follows: 
(a) 
4 per cent for transfers in favour of the spouse and direct descendants or ancestors; in this case, the 
transfer is subject to tax on the value exceeding €1,000,000 (per beneficiary); 
(b) 
6 per cent for transfers in favour of siblings; in this case, the transfer is subject to the tax on the value 
exceeding €100,000 (per beneficiary); 
(c) 
6 per cent for transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree and to all relatives in law in direct 
line and to other relatives in law up to the third degree, on the entire value of the inheritance or the 
gift; and 
(d) 
8 per cent for transfers in favour of any other person or entity, on the entire value of the inheritance or 
the gift.

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law No. 104 of February 5, 
1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied to the extent that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds 
€1,500,000. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average 
stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including any 
accrued interest). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally 
determined by reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain 
elements as presented in the Italian tax law. 
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax applies to non-Italian resident individuals for bonds issued by Italian resident 
companies. 
Transfer tax 
No transfer tax is due on the transfer of the Notes. Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a 
€ 200 registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) 
private deeds are subject to registration only in the case of voluntary registration or in case of so-called "caso 
d'uso" or "enunciazione". 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 para. 2/ter of the tariff Part I attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended by Article 1 para. 581 of Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 ("Decree 642"), a proportional 
stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial 
intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, which may be deposited with 
such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per cent and it cannot exceed € 
14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the market value or – in the 
absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any financial product or 
financial instruments (including the Notes). Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Noteholders and to non-
Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that the Notes are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is considered to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor 
the deposit nor the release or the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods of less than 12 months, 
the stamp duty is payable pro-rata. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity 
within the Italian territory. 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Decree No. 201/2011, as amended by Article 1 para. 582 of Law No. 147 of 27 
December 2013, Italian resident individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici) or 
siminal partnerships holding financial assets – including the Notes – outside of the Italian territory are required 
to pay in its own annual tax declaration a wealth tax at the rate of 0.2 per cent. In this case the above mentioned 
stamp duty provided for by Article 13 of the tariff Part I attached to Decree 642 does not apply. 
This tax applies on the market value of the financial assets at the end of the relevant year or – in the lack of the 
market value – on the nominal value or redemption value, or in the event that the face or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase price of such financial assets held outside of the Italian territory. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended 
from time to time, individuals, non-profit entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986) resident in 
Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose 
the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their yearly income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is 
not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income tax return). The 
requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, are 
the beneficial owner of the instrument pursuant to the anti money-laundering legislation (legislative Decree 
No. 231 of 21 November 2007). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not required to be complied with in respect of Notes deposited 
for management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, with respect to contracts

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
entered into through their intervention, on the condition that the items of income derived from the Notes have 
been subject to tax by the same intermediaries and with respect to foreign investments which are only 
composed by deposits and/or bank accounts when their aggregate value never exceeds a €15,000 threshold 
throughout the year.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or around 16 December 2020 (as the 
same may be further amended, supplemented or restated, the "Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a 
basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above.  
In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to 
indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part 
of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the 
Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. 
persons.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities 
Act. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or the United Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, 
the "Prospectus Regulation"); and  
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom 
(each a “Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in 
relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public 
in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation;

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Notes shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in 
any "Relevant State" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the 
terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for 
the Notes, and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above, In 
relation to each Tranche of Notes, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken to the Issuer and 
each of the Dealers (if any), and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of, of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of, of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of, of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the 
issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition 
of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out 
below, no Notes may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances which are 
exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter 
of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and any applicable Italian 
law and regulation.   
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 ("Consolidated 
Banking Act"), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 
15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and 
regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and 
the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB 
and/or another Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, 
directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer to sell any Notes in Japan or to, 
or for the benefit of, a resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, 
including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or 
resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident in Japan, except pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, FIEA and other relevant 
laws and regulations of Japan. 
France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors” above, each 
of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, 
directly or indirectly, Notes to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final 
Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes, and that such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to  qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all 
as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and 
Article 2 item (e) of European Regulation 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that this Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or 
invest in the Notes described herein. The Notes may not be publicly offered, sold or advertised, directly or 
indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application 
has been or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading 
facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to 
the Notes constitutes a prospectus or a similar notice as such terms are understood pursuant to articles 35 et 
seqq. and article 69 of the FinSA or a simplified prospectus or a prospectus as such terms are defined in the 
Swiss Collective Investment Scheme Act. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing 
material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Issuer or 
the Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus will not be filed with, and any offer of Notes will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA. Neither the Notes nor any offering have been, nor will they be, authorized 
under the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). Accordingly, the investor protection 
afforded to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers 
of Notes. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore under 
the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”) and accordingly, the Notes may not be offered or sold, nor may the Notes be the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase, nor may this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in 
connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the Notes be circulated or 
distributed, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (a) to an institutional investor 
(as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (b) to a relevant person (as defined 
in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 
275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA or (c) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is:

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
(i) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
 
(ii) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor,  
 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
 
(a) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(b) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(c) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(d) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(e) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018 of Singapore. 
 
Notification under 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore and the  Securities 
and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the “CMP Regulations 2018”) - 
Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms in respect of any Notes, all Notes issued or to be issued under the 
Programme shall be “prescribed capital markets products” (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and 
Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice  SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment 
Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will, to the best of its knowledge 
and belief, comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all 
applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or 
deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed "General". 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer.  Any such supplement 
or modification may be set out in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification 
relevant only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer dated 25 March 2002. The update of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer dated 15 October 2020. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all 
necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing on the Official List and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated 
market and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other listing authority, market, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes remain outstanding, electronic copies of the 
following documents will, when published, be available free of charge in English from the Issuer and from the 
Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (in English) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes, the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes, 
the Trust Deed, the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive 
Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, base prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that a 
Final Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note 
and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to the identity of such 
holder) to this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference; 
and 
(v) 
in the case of each issue of listed Notes subscribed pursuant to a subscription agreement, the 
subscription agreement (or equivalent document). 
For 10 years after the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available 
free 
of 
charge 
in 
English 
from 
the 
Issuer 
(i) 
at 
the 
following 
website 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/home, (ii) at the offices specified on page 132 hereof, and (iii) from the specified 
office of the Paying Agents in London and Luxembourg specified on page 188 hereof: 
(i) 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto);  
(ii) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020;  
(iii) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
(iv) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2018; and 
(v) 
BPER Group press release dated 4 November 2020 entitled “Consolidated interim report 
on operations as at 30 September 2020”. 
This Base Prospectus, all documents incorporated herein by reference and the Final Terms of any Notes listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
The Issuer currently publishes unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements (including limited 
review report). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan 
facilities and/or securitisation transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform advisory, 
financial and/or non-financial services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of business the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans and/or ABS securities or similar securities) for their own account and for the 
accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates  
may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect 
of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or 
short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also 
includes parent companies. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate 
common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing 
system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.  
Material Adverse or Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2019 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2020 (the end of the last financial period for which a 
limited review report on operations has been published). 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, which 
could result in any member of the BPER Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the 
Issuer’s ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months 
before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or has had in the recent past, significant effects on the 
financial position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the current 
auditor of the Issuer and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held 
by the Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also a member of ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have applied a limited 
review report to the Issuer's half-year report as of 30 June 2020, in accordance with the generally accepted 
auditing standards in Italy.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
Deloitte audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the years ended on, respectively, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019. 
Auditors' Reports 
The Trust Deed provides that the Trustee may rely on reports from the auditors and/or any other expert in 
accordance with the provisions of the Trust Deed whether or not any such report or engagement letter or other 
document entered into by the Trustee and the auditors or such other expert in connection therewith contains 
any limit on liability (monetary or otherwise) of the auditors or such other expert. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Fitch and Moody’s is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation, 
and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities and Markets Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk.  
LEI 
The Issuer’s Legal Entity Identifier code is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2021).

--- Page 187 ---
187 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Registered Office 
8/20, Via San Carlo 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
TRUSTEE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eight Floor 
100 Bishopgate 
London EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
LEAD ARRANGER 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
 
Barclays Bank PLC 
 5 The North Colonnade 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 4BB 
United Kingdom 
  
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
8/20, Via San Carlo 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
 
Credit Suisse Securities (Europe) Limited 
One Cabot Square 
London E14 4QJ 
United Kingdom  
 
 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom 
 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom

--- Page 188 ---
188 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
 Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
 J.P. Morgan AG 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
  
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
  
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4                   
60306 Frankfurt am Main                      
Germany 
 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands  
 
 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 
Paris 
France  
 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5LB 
United Kingdom  
PAYING AGENTS 
Banque Internationale a Luxembourg SA 
69 route d'Esch 
L-2953 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Dealers  
As to English and Italian law 
Studio Professionale Associato a Baker & McKenzie 
Piazza Filippo Meda, 3 
20121 Milan 
Italy

--- Page 189 ---
189 
To the Issuer 
As to Italian law 
 
Studio Legale Cappelli-RCCD 
Via Boschetti, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale a Luxembourg SA 
69, route d'Esch 
L-2953 
Luxembourg 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER SINCE 1 JANUARY 2017 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Tortona 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy