--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus dated 12 Novemebr 2021  
 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
(a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€ 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
ESTENSE COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) in the Republic of Italy) 
The € 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been established by BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER” or the “Issuer”) for the issuance of covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) (the “Covered Bonds”, which term includes, for the avoidance of doubt and as the 
context requires, Registered Covered Bonds, as defined below) guaranteed by Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”) pursuant to Article 7-bis of law of 30 April 1999, No. 130, as implemented and 
supplemented (“Law 130”) and the relevant implementing measures set out in the Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310, as amended and supplemented (the “MEF 
Decree”) and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, amended and 
supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations” and, together with the Law 130 and the MEF Decree, jointly the “OBG Regulations”). The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds outstanding 
under the Programme will not at any time exceed € 7,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save 
for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-
up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered Bondholders will be collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf in accordance with Law 
130. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the “CSSF”), which is the Luxembourg competent authority for the purposes of Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, as a base prospectus for the purpose of article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation . Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered Bonds and does 
not include the Registered Covered Bonds. 
The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the Issuer or the Guarantor or the quality of the Covered Bonds that are subject to this Base Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing 
in the Covered Bonds. 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to 
listing on the official list (the “Official List”) and trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments. References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds (other than 
the Registered Covered Bonds) have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market. In addition, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer named 
under the section “Subscription and Sale” below may agree to make an application to list a Tranche on any other stock exchange. The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on an unlisted basis. 
The relevant Final Terms (as defined in the section “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below) in respect of the issue of any Series will specify whether or not such Series will be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market (or any other stock exchange). 
By approving this Base Prospectus, the CSSF assumes no responsibility as to the economic and financial soundness of the transaction and the quality and solvency of the Issuer in accordance 
with the provisions of Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg law on prospectuses for securities of 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date in relation to Covered Bonds 
which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating 
to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to supplement this 
Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. The validity of this Base Prospectus ends 
on 12 November 2022. 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds denominated in any currency, including Euro, GBP, CHF, Yen and USD. Interest on the Covered Bonds shall accrue monthly, quarterly, semi-annually 
or annually as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in arrear at a fixed or floating rate, increased or decreased by a margin. The Issuer may also issue Covered Bonds at a discounted price with no interest accruing 
and repayable at nominal value (zero-coupon Covered Bonds). 
The terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to such Tranche prepared in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus and, if the relevant Covered Bonds are listed, to be 
delivered to the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of issue of such Tranche. 
The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in bearer form and dematerialised form (emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be held in such form on behalf of their ultimate 
owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A., whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No. 6, Italy, (“Monte Titoli”) for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression “Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes 
any Relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). The expression “Relevant Clearing Systems” means any of Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme, with registered office at 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg (“Clearstream”) and Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. with registered office at 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 
Bruxelles as operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”). Each Covered Bond issued in dematerialised form will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date (as defined in the section “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below). The Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book 
entries in accordance with article 83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and with the joint regulation 
of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa (“CONSOB”) and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. No physical document of title is and will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds). 
The Covered Bonds may also be issued in registered form as German law governed registered covered bonds (Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”). The terms and conditions of 
the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the “Registered CB Conditions”) will specify the minimum denomination for the relevant Registered Covered Bonds, which will not be listed. This Base Prospectus does 
not relate to the Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme pursuant to either separate documentation or the documents described in this Base Prospectus after having 
made the necessary amendments. The approval of this Base Prospectus by the CSSF does not cover any Registered Covered Bonds which may be issued by the Issuer. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved 
any information in relation to the Registered Covered Bond. 
Before the Maturity Date, the Covered Bonds will be subject to mandatory and optional redemption in whole or in part in certain circumstances, as set out in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase). 
Each Covered Bond may be assigned on issue a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A. (“Moody’s” or the “Rating Agency”). Covered Bonds to be issued under 
the Programme, if rated, are expected to be rated “Aa3” by Moody’s, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. Where a Tranche or Series of 
Covered Bonds is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds already issued. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche or Series of Covered Bonds 
will be treated as having been issued or endorsed (i) by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended from time to time (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or (ii) by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and registered or certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit 
rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union Withdrawal Act 2018, as amended (the “UKCRA Regulation” and, together with the EU CRA Regulation, the “CRA 
RRegulations”) will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms or in the Registered CB Conditions (as applicable). The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s, 
which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation (for more information please visit the ESMA webpage http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk). In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European 
Union and registered or certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended). In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended) A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Covered Bonds and may be subject to revision or withdrawal by the Rating Agency and each rating shall be evaluated 
independently of any other. 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to either EURIBOR, LIBOR, which are provided by the European Money Markets Institute (“EMMI”) and ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited (“ICE”) respectively, or such other benchmark as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE and EMMI are both authorised

--- Page 2 ---
as benchmark administrators and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”)pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”).. 
For a discussion of certain risks and other factors that should be considered in connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds, see the section headed "Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus.  
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section headed “Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which 
this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Important – EEA Retail Investors. If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, 
the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II, or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
and superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
Important – UK Retail Investors - If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds include a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, as amended 
(respectively, the “UK PRIIPs Regulation” and the “EUWA”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593, as amended (the “MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bond is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market 
assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any 
Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR 
Product Governance Rules. 
 
Arranger and Dealer 
NatWest Markets

--- Page 3 ---
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is 
necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, 
profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
knowledge of the Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect the import of such information.  
The Guarantor has provided the information under the section headed “Description of the Guarantor” and any 
other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself and, together with the Issuer (the 
“Responsible Persons”), accepts responsibility for the information contained in those sections. To the best of 
the knowledge of the Guarantor, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
and data in relation to which it is responsible as described above are in accordance with the facts and this Base 
Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information and data. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report, pursuant to article 154-
bis, paragraph 2 of the Financial Law  
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report (dirigente preposto), Marco Bonfatti, 
declares in accordance with art. 154-bis, para.2 of the Financial Law, that the accounting data contained in this 
Base Prospectus corresponds to the underlying documents, accounting books and the other accounting entries 
of the Issuer. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto along with all 
documents incorporated herein by reference (see the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, 
below) and, in relation to any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the relevant Final Terms. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see the section 
headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, below), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
CSSF. 
Subject as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus (and, 
therefore, acting in association with the Issuer) in connection with an offer of Covered Bonds are the persons 
named in the applicable Final Terms as the relevant Dealer(s). 
Copies of the Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent (as defined below) and on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the section 
headed “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the specific 
section of this Base Prospectus in which they are used. For ease of reference, the section headed 
“Glossary” below indicates the page of this Base Prospectus on which each capitalised term is defined. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or 
not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation with the Programme or 
any other information supplied by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the Arranger or any of the Dealers, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any party to the Transaction Documents. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection therewith shall, under any 
circumstances, create any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor 
since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or

--- Page 4 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
4 
supplemented or in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer and 
the Guarantor is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that there has been no adverse change in 
the financial position of the Issuer or the Guarantor since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of publication and it and any supplement hereto, 
as well as any Final Terms filed within such 12 months, reflects the status as of their respective dates of issue. 
The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the information 
contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue or that there 
has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer or the Guarantor since such date or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible for the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereof, any document incorporated by reference 
or any Final Terms and, accordingly, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Arranger accept any responsibility for the accuracy and 
completeness of the information contained in any of such documents. Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer has 
undertaken, nor is responsible for, any assessment of the Framework Agreement or the Eligible Green Projects, 
Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable Projects, any verification of whether the Eligible Green 
Projects, Eligible Social Projects and Eligible Sustainable Projects meet the criteria set out in the relevant 
Principles or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has independently 
verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any 
representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness 
of any of the information in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial 
statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Arranger, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus should purchase the Covered Bonds. Each 
potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus and its purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems 
necessary. None of the Dealers, the Arranger or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes to 
review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
This Base Prospectus contains industry and customer-related data, as well as calculations taken from industry 
reports, market research reports, publicly available information and commercial publications. It is hereby 
confirmed that (a) to the extent that information reproduced herein derives from a third party, such information 
has been accurately reproduced and (b) insofar as the Responsible Persons are aware and are able to ascertain 
from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the information 
reproduced inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified where used. 
No statement or report attributed to a person as an expert is included in this Base Prospectus, except for the 
reports of the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor who have audited the consolidated financial statements 
of the BPER Group and each of the financial statements of the Issuer and the Guarantor for the financial year 
ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019.

--- Page 5 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
5 
For further information please see, respectively, the section headed “Auditors” in the “General Information” of 
this Base Prospectus. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 
of 1933 (the “Securities Act”). Subject to certain exceptions, Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. There are further restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the European 
Economic Area, including the Republic of Ireland, Germany, the Republic of Italy, and in the United Kingdom 
and in Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) 
constitutes an offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or 
a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any 
circumstances in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of 
the condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” or “EUR” are to the single currency introduced 
at the start of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing 
the European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$ ” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the United 
States of America; references to “CHF” are to the currency of Switzerland; references to “Yen” are to the 
currency of Japan; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; references 
to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, unless otherwise specified, to the 
laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of millions. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been 
cited in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under 
applicable law.  
The Arranger is acting for the Issuer and no one else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arranger 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named 
as the stabilising manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a 
view to supporting the market price of the Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might 
otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting

--- Page 6 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
6 
on behalf of any Stabilising Manager) will undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered or certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU- or UK-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulations, as the case may be (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended).  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) the Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) the Covered Bonds can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered 
Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of the Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
Each potential investor in any Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should:  
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Covered 
Bonds, the merits and risks of investing in the relevant Covered Bonds and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;  
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds and the impact such investment will 
have on its overall investment portfolio;  
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Covered Bonds, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency;  
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of 
any relevant indices and financial markets; and  
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments and such instruments may be purchased as a way to 
reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to investors’ overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial instruments

--- Page 7 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
7 
unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Covered Bonds and 
the impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. The investment 
activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by 
certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (a) Covered Bonds are legal investments for it, (b) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various 
types of borrowing and (c) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial 
institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate 
treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
8 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ..................................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ...............................................................................................................................................56 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .....................................................................................94 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM .............................................................................................................................103 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER .....................................................................104 
REGULATORY SECTION .............................................................................................................................154 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR ......................................................................................................163 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR ................................................................................................166 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES ..............................168 
CREDIT STRUCTURE ..................................................................................................................................174 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS ................................................................................................................185 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................190 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS .........................................................................191 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW ..................................................................................................216 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ........................................................................227 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS ..............................................277 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS.............................................................................................................................296 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD VERSCHREIBUNGEN) ..309 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY ................................................................................................. 311 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION ........................................................................................................................319 
FATCA WITHHOLDING ...............................................................................................................................322 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................323 
GENERAL INFORMATION ..........................................................................................................................328 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................................333

--- Page 9 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
9 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this 
Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully read the information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references 
to a numbered Condition are to the corresponding numbered Condition in the section headed “Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
1 
Parties 
Issuer 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa), a bank incorporated as a joint-
stock company (società per azioni) under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, registered with the companies’ register of 
Modena under number 01153230360, fiscal code 01153230360 
and VAT number 03830780361, registered with the register of 
banks (albo delle banche) held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to 
article 13 of Italian legislative decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended from time to time (the “Banking Act”) under 
number 4932, parent company of the “Gruppo BPER” 
registered with the register of banking groups held by the Bank 
of Italy pursuant to article 64 of the Banking Act under number 
5387.6 (the “BPER Banking Group” or the “Group” or the 
“BPER Group”), having its registered office at Via San Carlo, 
8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy (the “Issuer” or “BPER”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Issuer, see the section 
headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller” below. 
Guarantor 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l., a company incorporated in Italy 
as a limited liability company (società a responsabilità 
limitatà) pursuant to Article 7-bis of Law No. 130 of 30 April 
1999, as amended from time to time ( “Law 130”), whose 
registered office is in Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano 
(TV), Italy, fiscal code 04362620264, VAT Group “Gruppo 
IVA BPER Banca” - VAT number 03830780361, enrolled with 
the Companies Register of Treviso-Belluno, under number 
04362620264, belonging to the BPER Banking Group and 
directed and co-ordinated (soggetta all’attività di direzione e 
coordinamento) by BPER (the “Guarantor”). 
 
For a more detailed description of the Guarantor, see the 
section headed “Description of the Guarantor”, below. 
Arranger 
NatWest Markets N.V., a company incorporated under the laws 
of the Netherlands, acting through its office at Claude 
Debussylaan 94, Amsterdam 1082 MD, The Netherlands 
(“NatWest Markets” or the “Arranger”). 
Dealer 
NatWest Markets and any other dealer appointed from time to 
time in accordance with the Programme Agreement.

--- Page 10 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
10 
Initial Seller 
BPER will act as seller under the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (in such capacity, the “Initial Seller” and, together 
with the Additional Sellers (as defined below), the “Sellers”). 
For a more detailed description of the Initial Seller, see the 
section headed “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”, 
below. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be 
a member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Receivables (as 
defined below) and/or Integration Assets (as defined below) to 
the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and 
which, for such purpose, shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (each an “Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement, the “Master Transfer Agreements” 
and any one of them a “Master Transfer Agreement”); 
and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Subordinated Loan Provider 
BPER will act as subordinated loan provider (in such capacity, 
the “Subordinated Loan Provider”) pursuant to the terms of 
the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement (as defined below).  
Any Additional Seller that will sell further Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets (as defined below) to the 
Guarantor will be required to enter into a subordinated loan 
agreement with the Guarantor providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together 
with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
Servicer 
BPER will act as servicer (the “Servicer”) in the context of the 
Programme and will be responsible for the management and 
the collection of the Receivables (as defined below) 
respectively sold from time to time to the Guarantor, pursuant 
to the terms of the Servicing Agreement.  
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, is entitled to delegate to the 
relevant Additional Seller the management, administration, 
collection and recovery activities in respect of those 
Receivables sold by such relevant Additional Seller.

--- Page 11 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
11 
BPER, in its capacity as Servicer, will remain directly 
responsible for the performance of all duties and obligations 
delegated to any relevant Additional Seller and will be liable 
for their respective conduct. For a more detailed description of 
the Servicer, see the section headed “Description of the Issuer 
and Initial Seller” below. 
Successor Servicer 
The party or parties (the “Successor Servicer”) which will be 
appointed in order to perform, inter alia, the servicing activities 
performed by the Servicer, and any successor or replacing 
entity thereto following the occurrence of a Servicer 
Termination Event (as defined below) (for a more detailed 
description, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Servicing Agreement” below). 
Corporate Servicer 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., breviter "BANCA 
FININT S.P.A.", a bank incorporated under the laws of Italy as 
a “società per azioni”, with a sole shareholder, having its 
registered office in Via V. Alfieri,1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), 
Italy, share capital of Euro 71,817,500.00 fully paid up, tax 
code and enrolment in the Companies’ Register of Treviso-
Belluno number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 04977190265, registered in the 
Register of the Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 
13 of the Consolidated Banking Act and in the Register of the 
Banking groups as Parent Company of the Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo 
Nazionale di Garanzia” will act as corporate servicer under the 
Corporate Services Agreement (the “Corporate Servicer”).  
Asset Monitor 
A reputable firm of independent accountants and auditors will 
be appointed as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted 
by the Issuer, and which will act as an independent monitor 
pursuant to an Asset Monitor Agreement in order to perform 
tests and procedures, including those in accordance with the 
applicable legal regulations. The current Asset Monitor is PwC 
(the “Asset Monitor”). 
Italian Account Bank 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, a French société en 
commandite par actions with capital stock of € 177,453,913, 
having its registered office at Rue d’Antin, Paris, France, 
operating for the purposes hereof through its Milan branch 
located in Piazza Lina Bo Bardi, 3, 20124 Milan, Italy, 
registered in the companies register held in Milan, Italy at 
number 13449250151, fiscal code and VAT number 
13449250151, enrolled in the register of banks (albo delle 
banche) held by the Bank of Italy at number 5483 (“BNPSS”) 
will act as Italian account bank pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Italian Account 
Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and operating the

--- Page 12 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
12 
Italian Accounts for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible 
Institution. 
Cash Manager 
BNPSS will act as cash manager under the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement for the purpose of performing certain 
calculation and payment services on behalf of the Guarantor 
and maintaining and operating – upon direction of the 
Investment Agent – the Investment Account and the Securities 
Account subject to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the “Cash Manager”). 
English Account Bank 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, London branch, a French 
société en commandite par actions with capital stock of 
€ 177,453,913, having its registered office at Rue d’Antin, 
Paris, France, operating for the purposes hereof through its 
London branch located at 55 Moorgate, London EC2R 6PA, 
United Kingdom will act as English account bank pursuant to 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement (the “English 
Account Bank”), for the purpose of maintaining and operating 
the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the 
Collateral Account(s), for so long as it qualifies as an Eligible 
Institution. 
Investment Agent 
BPER will act as Investment Agent pursuant to the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement (the “Investment 
Agent”) for the purpose of investing the amounts from time to 
time standing to the credit of the Investment Account. 
 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution 
organised under the laws of any state which is a member of the 
European Union or of the United States of America (a) whose 
short-term bank deposits are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s 
and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at least “A2” by 
Moody’s or (b) whose obligations under the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party are guaranteed in compliance 
with the Moody’s criteria by a depository institution organised 
under the laws of any state which is a member of the European 
Union or of the United States of America, whose short-term 
bank deposits are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and whose 
long-term bank deposits are rated at least “A2” by Moody’s. 
Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
will act as calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”). The 
Calculation Agent will perform certain calculations and 
conduct certain tests pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
Banca Finint will act as Guarantor calculation agent (the 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent”). The Guarantor Calculation 
Agent will perform certain calculations and reporting services 
in relation to the Cover Pool.

--- Page 13 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
13 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as swap 
counterparty (each a “Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty”) 
to the Guarantor under any swap agreements executed with the 
Guarantor in order to hedge basis and interest rate risk on the 
Cover Pool or a portion thereof (each, a “Mortgage Pool 
Swap”). 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties 
Any swap counterparty which agrees to act as covered bond 
swap 
counterparty 
(each, 
a 
“Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparty”) to the Guarantor under any covered bond 
swap agreements executed with the Guarantor in order to hedge 
certain interest rate, basis risk, and, if applicable, currency risks 
in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the 
Mortgage Pool Swap and amounts to be paid in respect of the 
Covered Bonds by the Guarantor (each, a “Covered Bond 
Swap”). 
Swap Counterparties 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and each Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty (the “Swap Counterparties”).  
Swap Agreements 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap (the 
“Swap Agreements”), which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and 
(ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty, respectively, is or 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and will be subject to: 
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule 
thereto or the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement with the 
Schedule thereto (each an “ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(b) the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer English 
Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); and 
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s). 
Principal Paying Agent 
BPER will act as principal paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and in accordance with the Terms and 
Conditions and the Final Terms of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds (the “Principal Paying Agent”). 
Italian Paying Agent 
BNPSS will act as Italian paying agent under the Programme 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement (the “Italian Paying Agent”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch, whose 
registered office is at 60 avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg, Luxembourg, will act as Luxembourg listing 
agent under the Programme (the “Luxembourg Listing 
Agent”).

--- Page 14 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
14 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being 
part of a financial group providing client services with a 
worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust 
parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas Group 
entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate 
accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch may be 
provided upon request. 
Registrar 
Any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as 
registrar (the “Registrar”) in respect of the German law 
governed covered bonds in registered form (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”) issued 
under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the 
register and will not delegate such activity, any reference to the 
Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
Registered Paying Agent 
Any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in 
respect of the Registered Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme, if any (the “Registered Paying Agent”).  
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders 
Banca Finint will act as representative of the holders of the 
covered bonds pursuant to the Programme Agreement and the 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders (the 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders”). 
Ownership or control relationships 
between the principal parties 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, no direct or indirect 
ownership or control relationships exist between the principal 
parties described above in this section, other than the 
relationship existing between the Issuer (also as Initial Seller 
and Servicer), the Additional Seller(s) (if any) and the 
Guarantor, all of which belong to the BPER Banking Group. 
The entities belonging to the BPER Banking Group are subject 
to the direction and co-ordination (direzione e coordinamento) 
of the Issuer. 
Rating Agency 
Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A. (“Moody’s”), or its 
successors, to the extent that at the relevant time it provides 
ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds (the 
“Rating Agency”). 
 
2 
The Covered Bonds and the Programme 
Description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the 
Issuer and will be guaranteed by the Guarantor. 
Size 
Up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered 
Bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into Euro at the date of the 
agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange

--- Page 15 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
15 
rate used shall be included in the Final Terms) in aggregate 
principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time 
(the “Programme Limit”). The Programme Limit may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be distributed on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis, in each case only in accordance with the 
relevant selling restrictions. 
Methods of issue 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each a “Series”) 
but on different terms from each other, subject to the terms set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (as defined below) in respect of 
such Series. Covered Bonds of different Series will not be 
fungible among themselves. Each Series may be issued in 
tranches (each a “Tranche”) which will be identical in all 
respects, 
but 
having 
different 
issue 
dates, 
interest 
commencement dates and issue prices. The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be completed in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The Registered Covered Bonds may be issued only in Series 
consisting of a single Tranche.  
 
The Issuer will issue Covered Bonds without the prior consent 
of the holders of any outstanding Covered Bonds but subject to 
certain conditions (see the paragraph headed “Conditions 
precedent to the issuance of a new Tranche of Covered Bonds” 
below). 
Selling restrictions 
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the 
distribution of offering material in certain jurisdictions may be 
subject to certain selling restrictions. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of the Covered Bonds in the United States, the 
European Economic Area, the Republic of Ireland, France, 
Germany, the Republic of Italy, in the United Kingdom and in 
Japan. For a description of certain restrictions on offers and 
sales of Covered Bonds and on distribution of this Base 
Prospectus, see the section headed “Subscription and Sale” 
below. 
Specified Currency 
Covered Bonds may be issued in such currency or currencies 
as may be agreed from time to time between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) and indicated in the applicable Final Terms 
(each a “Specified Currency”), subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal, regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Denomination of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, and subject to the minimum 
denomination requirements specified below, the Covered 
Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in 
such denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal or

--- Page 16 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
16 
regulatory or central bank requirements (see Condition 2 
(Form, Denomination and Title)). 
 
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond (other than 
Registered Covered Bonds) will be Euro 100,000 and integral 
multiples of Euro 1,000 in excess thereof (or, if the Covered 
Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher 
denomination as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds of each Tranche may be issued at their nominal 
amount or at a discount or premium to their nominal amount as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms (in each case, the “Issue 
Price” for such Tranche).  
Issue Date 
The date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds, pursuant to, 
and in accordance with, the Programme Agreement (in each 
case, the “Issue Date” in relation to such Tranche). 
CB Payment Date 
The dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, subject in each case, to the extent provided in the 
relevant Final Terms, to adjustment in accordance with the 
applicable Business Day Convention (as defined in the 
Conditions) (each such date, a “CB Payment Date”). 
CB Interest Period 
Each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date 
(or, in case of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the 
Maturity Date) (each a “CB Interest Period”). 
Interest Commencement Date 
In relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date of 
the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds or such other date as 
may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms (each an “Interest Commencement 
Date”). 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds may be issued in dematerialised form or in 
registered form as Registered Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will be held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of the 
relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each Tranche will be 
deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue Date in 
accordance with article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the 
authorised institutions listed in article 83-quater of the Financial 
Law. Monte Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and 
Euroclear. The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form 
will at all times be held in book entry form and title to such 
Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book entries in 
accordance with (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of the 
Financial Law; and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of

--- Page 17 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
17 
Italy and the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
(“CONSOB”) on  13 August 2018, as subsequently amended. 
No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Registered Covered Bonds will be issued to each holder in the 
form of Namensschuld verschreibungen, each issued with a 
minimum denomination indicated in the applicable Registered 
CB Conditions attached thereto, together with the execution of 
the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation 
agreement (the “Registered CB Rules Agreement”) in 
relation to a specific issue of Registered Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds (Namensschuld 
verschreibungen), together with the related Registered CB 
Conditions attached thereto, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
Series of Registered Covered Bonds, will constitute the full 
terms and conditions of the relevant Series of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references 
in the Base Prospectus to information being set out, specified, 
stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the 
applicable Final Terms shall be read and construed as a 
reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, 
shown, indicated or otherwise provided in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement 
relating thereto or any other document expressed to govern such 
Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other 
reference to Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be 
construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB 
Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective 
until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar a duly 
executed Assignment Agreement and Registered CB Rules 
Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable Registered CB 
Conditions or multiples thereof. 
Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall include 
reference to the holders of the Covered Bonds and/or the 
registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered 
Bond (the “Registered Covered Bondholders”) as the context 
may require. 
Unless the context otherwise requires, any reference to Covered 
Bonds shall include reference to the Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 18 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
18 
For further details on the Registered Covered Bonds, see the 
section headed “Key features of Registered Covered Bonds 
Namensschuld verschreibungen” below. 
Types of Covered Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
the Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, 
depending on the interest basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Covered Bonds may be Covered Bonds scheduled 
to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date and Instalment 
Covered Bonds, depending on the redemption/payment basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall 
comprise Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only as 
may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds will 
bear interest at a fixed rate, which will be payable in accordance 
with the relevant Final Terms, on such date as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in 
the relevant Final Terms) and on redemption, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided 
for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended 
and updated as at the Issuer Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds); or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(iii) on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s),  
in each case, as provided in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds and as provided in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Other provisions in relation to Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum 
interest rate, a minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each CB 
Interest Period, as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the

--- Page 19 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
19 
relevant Dealer(s) (and indicated in the relevant Final Terms), 
will be payable on such CB Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction provided 
for in the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Under Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, no interest will be payable. Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are 
scheduled to be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof 
and without any provision for scheduled redemption other than 
on the Maturity Date. 
 
Bullet Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds which are scheduled to 
be redeemed in full on the Maturity Date thereof and without 
any provision for scheduled redemption other than on the 
Maturity Date and in relation to which an Extended Maturity 
Date shall apply. 
 
Instalment Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds with a predefined 
amortisation schedule where, alongside interest, the Issuer will 
pay, on each CB Payment Date, a portion of principal until 
maturity, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Final Terms 
Specific final terms will be issued and published in accordance 
with the generally applicable terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds, other than the Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Conditions”), prior to the issue of each Tranche detailing 
certain relevant terms thereof which, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, completes the Conditions and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus (such specific final terms, 
the “Final Terms”). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche are the Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular 
Registered Covered Bond shall be set out in the relevant 
Registered CB Conditions, the relevant Registered CB Rules 
Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such 
particular Registered Covered Bonds. 
Interest on the Covered Bonds 
Except for the Zero Coupon Covered Bonds and unless 
otherwise specified in the Conditions and the relevant Final 
Terms, the Covered Bonds will be interest-bearing and interest 
will be calculated on the Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Covered Bonds. Interest will be calculated on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction in accordance with the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms. Interest may accrue on the 
Covered Bonds at a fixed rate or a floating rate or on such other 
basis and at such rate as may be so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the method of calculating interest may vary

--- Page 20 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
20 
between the Issue Date and the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Tranche. 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds will specify the basis for calculating the redemption 
amounts payable.  
 
The Final Terms issued in respect of Covered Bonds that are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the dates on 
which, and the amounts in which, such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed. 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Covered 
Bonds will state whether such Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or the holders of the 
Covered Bonds and, if so, the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Except as provided above, Covered Bonds will be redeemable 
at the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons 
(as set out in the paragraph headed “Tax gross-up and 
redemption for taxation reasons” below).  
Tax Gross-up and redemption for 
taxation reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the 
Issuer will be made without deduction for or on account of 
withholding taxes imposed by Italy, subject as provided in 
Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). 
 
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be 
made, the Issuer will be required to pay additional amounts to 
cover the amounts so deducted in accordance with the provision 
of Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy). In such 
circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot be 
avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, the Covered Bonds will be redeemable (in whole, but not in 
part) at the option of the Issuer. See Condition 7(c) (Redemption 
for tax reasons). 
 
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount 
due to taxation reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as 
defined below). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series (the “Maturity Date”) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturities as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the currency of the Covered Bonds. Unless previously 
redeemed as provided in Condition 7 (Redemption and 
Purchase), the Covered Bonds of each Series will be redeemed 
at their Outstanding Principal Balance on the relevant Maturity 
Date.

--- Page 21 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
21 
Extended Maturity Date 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series of Covered 
Bonds may also provide that the Guarantor’s obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay Guaranteed Amounts (as 
defined below) equal to the Final Redemption Amount (as 
defined below) of the applicable Tranche of Covered Bonds on 
their Maturity Date may be deferred pursuant to the Conditions 
and the relevant Final Terms for the period set out therein (the 
“Extended Maturity Date”). Such deferral will automatically 
occur, if so stated in the relevant Final Terms, if: 
 
(a) an Issuer Event of Default has occurred; and 
 
(b) the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available (in 
accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments (as defined below)) to pay in full any amount 
representing the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in 
respect of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms (the “Final Redemption 
Amount”) on the Extension Determination Date (as 
defined below). 
 
In these circumstances, to the extent that the Guarantor has 
sufficient Available Funds to pay in part on the relevant 
Maturity Date the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make 
on the relevant Maturity Date and on each CB Payment Date 
thereafter according to the relevant Final Terms partial payment 
of the relevant Final Redemption Amount, in accordance with 
the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, without 
any preference among the Covered Bonds outstanding, except 
in respect of maturities of each Tranche. 
 
Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on any unpaid 
amount up to the Extended Maturity Date in accordance with 
Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended 
as a consequence of the occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon 
termination of the suspension period and service of the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for 
meeting the payment obligations under any Series of Covered 
Bonds in respect of which an Extension of Maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for 
payment on the last Business Day of the month on which the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven 
Business Days after the expiry of the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer,

--- Page 22 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
22 
guaranteed by the Guarantor with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds and will rank pari passu without any 
preference among themselves, except in respect of maturities 
of each Series, and (save for any applicable statutory 
provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the 
same maturity of each Series of the Covered Bonds, from time 
to time outstanding. 
Negative pledge 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a negative pledge 
provision. 
Cross-default 
The Covered Bonds will not contain a cross-default provision. 
Accordingly, neither an event of default in respect of any other 
indebtedness of the Issuer (including, without limitation, in 
relation to other debt securities of the Issuer) nor an 
acceleration of such indebtedness will of itself give rise to an 
Issuer Event of Default. 
Recourse 
In accordance with Law 130 and the Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the 
“MEF Decree”) and with the terms and conditions of the 
relevant Transaction Documents (as defined below), the 
holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bondholders”) 
will benefit from full recourse on the Issuer and limited 
recourse on the Guarantor limited to the Available Funds. For a 
more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
Structure”, below. 
Provisions of Transaction Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are 
bound by and are deemed to have notice of all provisions of the 
Transaction Documents applicable to them. In particular, each 
Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds, 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as 
its representative and accepts to be bound by the terms of each 
of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was 
a signatory thereto. 
Conditions precedent to the issuance 
of a new Tranche of Covered Bonds 
The Issuer will be entitled (but not obliged) at its option, on any 
date and without the consent of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds issued beforehand and of any other creditors of the 
Guarantor or of the Issuer, to issue further Tranches of Covered 
Bonds, subject to certain conditions precedent set out in the 
Programme Agreement, including, inter alia: 
 
(a) satisfaction of the Tests (as defined below) both before 
and immediately after such further issue of Covered 
Bonds; and 
 
(b) compliance with the requirements of issuing/assigning 
banks (Requisiti delle banche emittenti e/o cedenti; see 
Section II, paragraph 1 of the supervisory guidelines of

--- Page 23 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
23 
the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 
285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, amended and 
supplemented 
from 
time 
to 
time 
(the 
“BoI 
Regulations”)); and 
 
(c) no Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default 
having occurred, 
 
(collectively, together with the other conditions set out in the 
Programme Agreement, the “Conditions to the Issue”).  
 
The payment obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered 
Bonds Guarantee (as defined below) in respect of the Covered 
Bonds of any Series shall be cross-collateralised by all the 
assets included in the Cover Pool (as defined below) (see also 
the paragraph headed “Status of the Covered Bonds”, above). 
Approval, listing and admission to 
trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the CSSF as a base 
prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Directive. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
for Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme (other 
than the Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted to the 
Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange’s regulated market and as otherwise specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and references to listing shall be 
construed accordingly. 
 
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case 
may be, on other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to the 
Tranche. Covered Bonds which are neither listed nor admitted 
to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the 
relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to 
trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any market. 
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any 
Tranche, such other clearing system as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms). 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a 
clearing system. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) 
and the related Transaction Documents will be governed by 
Italian law except for the Swap Agreements, certain provisions 
of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, which will be 
governed by English law.

--- Page 24 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
24 
The 
Registered 
Covered 
Bonds 
(Namensschuld 
verschreibungen) will be governed by the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany save that, in any case, certain provisions 
(including those relating to status, limited recourse of the 
Registered Covered Bonds and those applicable to the Issuer 
and the Portfolio) shall be governed by Italian law. 
Ratings 
Each Series issued under the Programme may or may not be 
assigned a rating by Moody’s as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, 
are expected to be rated “Aa3” by Moody’s or as otherwise 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the European Union and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “CRA Regulation”), or (2) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ( the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) but is endorsed by a credit rating agency which 
is established in the European Union and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which 
is not established in the European Union but which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the United Kingdom but 
is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority (“ESMA”) is 
obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies

--- Page 25 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
25 
registered and certified in accordance with the EU CRA 
Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk. The Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) is 
obliged to maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies 
registered and certified in accordance with the UK CRA 
Regulation, which may be found on the following page: at 
https://www.fca.org.uk/markets/credit-rating-
agencies/registered-certified-cras 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the Rating 
Agency at any time. 
Purchase of the Covered Bonds by 
the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. 
 
3 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Security for the Covered Bonds 
In accordance with Law 130, the Covered Bondholders will 
benefit from a guarantee issued by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds. 
The Cover Pool 
The assets comprised in the Cover Pool will consist of:  
(A) monetary receivables arising from Italian residential 
mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) of 
the MEF Decree (the “Mortgage Loans”); and  
(B) securities issued by banks having their registered office 
in Eligible States (as defined below) with residual 
maturity not greater than one year and deposits held with 
banks having their registered office in Eligible States 
pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree 
(the “Eligible Deposits”) within the limit of 15 per cent. 
of the Cover Pool and, in each case, meeting the 
requirements set out in the definition of Eligible 
Investments (collectively, the “Integration Assets”) (the 
monetary receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
and the Integration Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, 
are jointly referred to as the “Receivables” and the 
Receivables, the Eligible Deposits and the monetary 
receivables arising under any other eligible assets 
pursuant to the OBG Regulations are jointly referred to 
as the “Cover Pool”). 
The Covered Bond Guarantee 
Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will be obliged to pay 
the Guaranteed Amounts (as defined below) in respect of the

--- Page 26 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
26 
Covered Bonds on the relevant Scheduled Due for Payment 
Date (as defined herein). 
 
To ensure timely payment by the Guarantor, a Notice to Pay (as 
defined below) will be served on the Guarantor as a 
consequence of an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
 
The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of the Guaranteed Amounts are subject to the conditions that an 
Issuer Event of Default has occurred and a Notice to Pay has 
been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor. The obligations 
of the Guarantor will accelerate with respect to all Guaranteed 
Amounts once an Acceleration Notice has been delivered to the 
Guarantor. 
 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma) 
and certain provisions of the Italian civil code relating to non-
autonomous personal guarantees (fidejussioni), specified in the 
MEF Decree, shall not apply. Accordingly, the obligations of 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the 
Guarantor, with limited recourse to the Available Funds, 
irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability 
of any of the guaranteed obligations of the Issuer. 
For a detailed description, see the section headed “Description 
of the Transaction Documents - Covered Bond Guarantee” 
below. 
 
4 
Issuer Events of Default, Guarantor Events of Default and Priorities of Payments 
Issuer Events of Default 
The following events with respect to the Issuer shall constitute 
“Issuer Events of Default”: 
 
(a) failure by the Issuer for a period of seven days or more to 
pay any principal or redemption amount, or for a period 
of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the 
Covered Bonds of any Series when due; or 
 
(b) breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or 
in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any Series 
outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party (other than any obligation for the 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds 
and/or any obligation to comply with the Tests) (except 
where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of 
remedy, in which case no notice will be required) and such 
failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given 
written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such

--- Page 27 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
27 
failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(c) if, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice (as 
defined below), the Tests are not cured by the immediately 
following 
Monthly 
Calculation 
Date 
unless 
an 
Extraordinary Resolution resolves otherwise; or 
 
(d) if the Pre-Maturity Test (as defined below) in respect of 
any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is not satisfied 
on any Pre-Maturity Test Date (as defined below) falling 
during the 12-month period prior to the Maturity Date of 
that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, and such 
breach has not been cured in accordance with the 
Conditions on or before the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days 
from the date on which the Issuer is notified of the breach 
of the Pre-Maturity Test and (ii) the Maturity Date of that 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bond, unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
resolves otherwise; or 
 
(e) an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
 
(f) 
an Article 74 Event. 
 
If an Issuer Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so 
directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice (the “Notice to Pay”) on the Issuer and Guarantor 
declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event that the Issuer Event 
of Default may be temporary). 
 
Upon the service of a Notice to Pay: 
 
(i) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the 
Issuer and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves 
against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not 
trigger an acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in 
accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree 
and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction 
Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely responsible for 
the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-
à-vis the Issuer and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of 
Default referred to under point (f) above (I) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible 
for the payments of the amounts due and payable under 
the Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) 
upon the end of the suspension period the Issuer shall be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the

--- Page 28 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
28 
Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the 
Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be 
accelerated against the Issuer); 
 
(ii) the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date in accordance with the 
provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee (see the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction - Covered 
Bond Guarantee” below); 
 
(iii) the Mandatory Tests (as defined below) shall continue to 
be applied and the Amortisation Test (as defined below) 
shall be also applied; 
 
(iv) the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect 
timely due payments under the Covered Bonds), direct the 
Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
 
(v) no further Covered Bonds may be issued, 
 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in 
items from (i) to (v) above will only apply for as long as the 
suspension of payments will be in force and effect.  
 
“Calculation Date” means the 13th day of January, April, July 
and October or, if that day is not a Business Day, the immediate 
following Business Day. The first Calculation Date will fall on 
13 April 2012. 
 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any bank, company 
or corporation, that: 
 
(a) such bank, company or corporation has become subject to 
any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, 
insolvency, composition or reorganisation (including, 
without limitation, fallimento, liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa, 
concordato 
preventivo 
and 
amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression 
bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the 
Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, 
reorganisation, 
dissolution 
and 
administration) or similar proceedings or the whole or any 
substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such bank, 
company or corporation are subject to a distraint 
(pignoramento) or any procedure having a similar effect 
(other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of 
assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of 
further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), 
unless, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), such proceedings are being

--- Page 29 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
29 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of 
success; or 
 
(b) an application for the commencement of any of the 
proceedings under (a) above is made in respect of or by 
such bank, company or corporation or such proceedings 
are otherwise initiated against such bank, company or 
corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders (who may rely on the advice of 
legal advisers selected by it), the commencement of such 
proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
 
(c) such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a 
re-adjustment of deferment of any of its obligations or 
makes a general assignment or an arrangement or 
composition with or for the benefit of its creditors (other 
than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the 
Transaction Documents) or is granted by a competent 
court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or 
applies for suspension of payments; or 
 
(d) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for 
the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of 
such bank, company or corporation or any of the events 
under Article 2484 of the Italian civil code occurs with 
respect to such bank, company or corporation (except in 
any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the 
purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously 
approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); or 
 
(e) such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to 
any proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above 
under the law of any jurisdiction in which such bank, 
company or corporation is deemed to carry on business. 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, and the 
service of a Notice to Pay, the following events shall constitute 
“Guarantor Events of Default”: 
 
(a) default by the Guarantor for a period of seven days or 
more to pay any principal or redemption amount, or for a 
period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest 
on the Covered Bonds of any Series; or 
 
(b) breach of the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; 
or 
 
(c) breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under 
the provisions of any Transaction Documents to which the 
Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the

--- Page 30 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
30 
payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) 
and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default 
is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required) such failure remains unremedied for 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, certifying 
that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
 
(d) an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor. 
 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall 
if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a written 
notice on the Guarantor (the “Acceleration Notice”) declaring 
that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
 
Upon the service of the Acceleration Notice, all outstanding 
Covered Bonds of each Series will become immediately due 
and payable by the Guarantor at their Early Redemption 
Amount, together with any accrued interest, and they will rank 
pari passu amongst themselves. 
Cross-acceleration 
If a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, each outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate at the same time 
against the Guarantor. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Interest Available Funds, 
as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of priority 
set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any and all taxes due and 
payable by the Guarantor (to the extent that amounts 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account are 
insufficient to pay such amounts) and to credit the 
amounts necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up 
to the Expense Required Amount; 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Guarantor’s documented 
fees, costs and expenses, in order to preserve its corporate 
existence, to maintain it in good standing and to comply 
with applicable legislation (the “Expenses”), to the extent 
that amounts standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account are insufficient to pay such Expenses;

--- Page 31 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
31 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
(including fees, costs and expenses) to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, the English Account Bank, 
the Italian Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Registered 
Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Italian 
Paying Agent, the Investment Agent and the Servicer; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, any amount due 
and payable to the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties 
other than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Mortgage Pool 
Swap to the extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Mortgage 
Pool Swap; 
 
(v) fifth, pari passu and pro rata: 
 
1. 
to pay, pari passu and pro rata, (i) any amount due 
and 
payable 
to 
the 
Covered 
Bond 
Swap 
Counterparties on such Guarantor Payment Date, in 
respect of the Covered Bond Swap Agreements 
which are not currency swaps and (ii) any amount 
representing interest due and payable to the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties on such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swap 
Agreements which are currency swaps (other than 
any termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any 
event, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties in relation to the termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is not a 
currency swap, to the extent of any premium 
received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the 
Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor

--- Page 32 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
32 
on the same terms as the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is not a currency swap); 
 
2. 
to credit to the Reserve Account an amount required 
to ensure that the Reserve Account is funded up to 
the Required Reserve Amount, as calculated on the 
immediately preceding Calculation Date; 
 
(vi) sixth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount necessary to 
cover the amounts already paid under item (i) of the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments on 
any preceding Guarantor Payment Date and not yet repaid 
under this item; 
 
(vii) seventh, to pay, pro rata and pari passu in accordance 
with the respective amounts thereof, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under items (iv) and 
(v)(1) above; 
 
(viii) eighth, upon the occurrence of a Servicer Termination 
Event, to credit all remaining Interest Available Funds to 
the Transaction Account until such Servicer Termination 
Event is either remedied or waived by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or a replacement servicer is 
appointed; 
 
(ix) ninth, in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and pari passu, 
according to the respective amounts thereof, of (i) all 
amounts due and payable to the relevant Seller in respect 
of Seller’s Claims (if any) under the terms of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and 
payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; 
 
(x) tenth, to pay any interest due and payable to the Seller(s) 
pursuant to the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s), provided that the Tests are satisfied on the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
 
(xi) eleventh, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit of 
the Transaction Account, provided that, upon redemption 
in full of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid to the Subordinated Loan 
Provider(s) as interest not yet paid under item (x) above, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment”).

--- Page 33 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
33 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all 
amounts 
collected 
during 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available 
Funds and that such amounts shall be applied to make 
payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments and (b) the fees 
due and payable to the Servicer on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date shall be equal to the amount specified 
in the last available Payments Report. Any amount that will not 
be used and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of 
Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain 
credited onto the Transaction Account and shall be considered 
as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Date.  
 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice, the 22nd day of January, April, July and 
October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following 
Business Day or (b) following the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the day falling 10 Business Days after the 
Accumulation Date. 
“Accumulation Date” means, following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the earlier of (i) each date on which the 
amount of the moneys at any time available to the Guarantor or 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for the 
payments to be made in accordance with the Post-Guarantor 
Event of Default Priority of Payments shall be equal at least to 
2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of 
all Series of Covered Bonds, (ii) each day falling 10 Business 
Days before the day that, but for the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, would have been a Guarantor Payment Date and (iii) 
each Business Day designated as such by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders.  
 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
 
“Sellers’ Claims” means, collectively, the monetary claims 
that each relevant Seller may have from time to time against 
the Guarantor under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement 
(other than in respect of the purchase price of the relevant 
Receivables) and the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Guarantor will use Principal Available 
Funds, as calculated in respect of the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, to make payments or provisions in the order of

--- Page 34 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
34 
priority set out below (in each case only if and to the extent that 
payments of a higher priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) 
to (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments, to the extent that the Interest Available 
Funds are not sufficient, on such Guarantor Payment 
Date, to make such payments in full; 
 
(ii) second, to pay the purchase price of Subsequent 
Receivables (other than those funded through the 
proceeds of the Subordinated Loan(s)) in the context of a 
Revolving Assignment (as defined below) or an 
Integration Assignment (as defined below), as the case 
may be; 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu: 
 
1. 
pari passu and pro rata, any amount representing 
principal due and payable to the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties in respect of Covered 
Bonds Swaps which are currency swaps (if any) in 
accordance with the terms of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Agreement (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of 
any termination payment due and payable to the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, to the extent 
of any premium received (net of any costs 
reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction 
with the Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap); and 
 
2. 
the amounts (in respect of principal) due and 
payable under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s), 
provided that in any case the Asset Coverage Test 
and the Mandatory Tests are still satisfied after such 
payment; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay pro rata and pari passu in accordance with 
the respective amounts thereof any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
under the terms of the relevant Covered Bond Swaps 
which are currency swaps following the occurrence of a 
Swap Trigger other than the payments referred to under 
items (iii)(1) above; and

--- Page 35 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
35 
 
(v) fifth, to retain any remaining amounts to the credit of the 
Transaction Account, provided that, upon reimbursement 
of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, any 
remaining amounts shall be paid pari passu to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider(s) as amounts due under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and not yet paid under 
item (iii)(2) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal 
Priority of Payments, 
 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments”). 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all 
amounts 
collected 
during 
the 
immediately 
preceding 
Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available 
Funds and that such amounts shall be applied to make 
payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments and (b) the fees 
due and payable to the Servicer on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date shall be equal to the amount specified 
in the last available Payments Report. In such circumstances no 
payments or provisions will be made under the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments. Any amount 
that will not be used and applied in accordance with the 
relevant Priority of Payments on each Guarantor Payment Date 
shall remain credited onto the Transaction Account and shall be 
considered as Available Funds and applied on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date.  
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the “Interest Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(A) any interest component collected by the Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables and credited into the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date together 
with any amount retained in the Transaction Account 
from the Interest Available Funds on the preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
 
(B) without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the 
interest components invested in Eligible Investments (if 
any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
 
(C) all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties 
received by the Servicer and credited to the Transaction

--- Page 36 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
36 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(D) all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or 
expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts and on the 
Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding 
the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(E) all interest amounts received from the Eligible 
Investments during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(F) any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool Swaps; 
 
(G) any amount received in respect of such Guarantor 
Payment Date under the Covered Bond Swaps; 
 
(H) any premium received (net of any costs reasonably 
incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement 
swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered 
Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon termination of the 
relevant Swap Agreement; 
 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account 
in excess of the Required Reserve Amount; prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any 
amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account (but 
excluding item (B)(b) of the definition of Required 
Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date), in each case at the end of the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the 
Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Reserve Account; and on the Guarantor Payment Date on 
which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or 
cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be 
issued under the Programme, any amount standing to the 
credit of the Reserve Account; 
 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered 
Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled in full and no 
more Covered Bonds may be issued under the 
Programme, any amount standing to the credit of the 
Expenses Account; and 
 
(K) any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor

--- Page 37 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
37 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period, 
 
but excluding: (i) any amount representing principal received 
in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered 
Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid 
by the relevant Swap Counterparty upon termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a 
replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the 
net amounts which would have been due and payable by the 
relevant Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) 
the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any amount received by the 
Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement). 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early 
Termination Date (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement) 
for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swap (as applicable), the amount and/or securities (if any) 
standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral 
posted pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each 
a “Collateral Account”) and (ii) following the date on which 
the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap 
(as applicable) is terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if 
any) standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Account in 
an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value 
of the collateral (or the applicable part of any collateral) 
provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty’s obligations to 
transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support 
annex to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of 
the termination payment (if any) that would have otherwise 
been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the 
Guarantor had the collateral not been provided under the credit 
support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage 
Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the relevant Swap 
Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under 
the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination 
of any Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap due to 
either: 
(a)(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by 
the relevant Swap Counterparty to take such action as is

--- Page 38 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
38 
required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such 
Rating Event; or 
(b) the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the 
relevant Swap Agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, 
is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an Issuer 
Event of Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) 
in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty. 
A “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap 
Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations 
of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated 
at least as high as the highest rating required under the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
 
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date:  
 
(A) if the Issuer’s short-term, unsecured, unsubordinated and 
unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least “P-1” by 
Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the 
Issuer and the Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
 
(B) an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation 
Date which will be equal to the aggregate amount of:  
 
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date in respect of 
items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments;  
 
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that 
would be payable by the Guarantor on each 
relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately 
following three months or, if no Covered Bond 
Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered 
into with BPER in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds, the interest amount due under that Series of 
Covered Bonds in the immediately following three 
months; and 
 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Principal Available 
Funds” shall include: 
 
(a) all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect 
of the Receivables and credited to the Transaction 
Account during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date together with any 
amount retained in the Transaction Account from the 
Principal Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor 
Payment Date (if any);

--- Page 39 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
39 
 
(b) all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by 
the Servicer and credited to the Transaction Account 
during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(c) all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the 
Receivables during the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(d) without duplication with any other items of this 
definition, an amount equal to the principal amounts 
invested in Eligible Investments (if any) following 
liquidation thereof on the Liquidation Date immediately 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(e) all amounts representing principal received in respect of 
such Guarantor Payment Date under any Covered Bond 
Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
 
(f) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity 
Account at the end of the Collection Period preceding the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
 
(g) any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
 
(h) any amount (other than the amounts already allocated 
under other items of the Interest Available Funds or the 
Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
 
(i) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the 
Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty upon termination of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of 
any termination payment and, until a replacement swap 
counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which 
would have been due and payable by the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor 
Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is 
a currency swap, not been terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if 
any); and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect 
of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, each period commencing on (and 
including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and 
October and ending on (and including) the last calendar day of 
March, June, September and December, and, in the case of the 
first Collection Period, commencing on (and including) the

--- Page 40 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
40 
Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and including) 31 March 
2012, and (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
each period commencing on (but excluding) the last day of the 
preceding Collection Period and ending on (and including) the 
immediately following Accumulation Date. 
 
“Initial Transfer Date” means 2 November 2011. 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 September 2011. 
“Valuation Date” means (i) in respect of the Initial 
Receivables, the Initial Valuation Date and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such 
in the relevant offer for the purchase of Subsequent 
Receivables. 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority 
of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a 
Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor will use the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, to make 
payments or provisions in the order of priority set out below (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes, in 
order to preserve its corporate existence, to maintain it in 
good standing and to comply with applicable legislation; 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any amount due and payable 
to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
English Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the 
Cash Manager, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment 
Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), 
the Cover Pool Manager (if any) and the Servicer; 
 
(iii) third, pro rata and pari passu to (a) pay, pro rata and pari 
passu, any amount due and payable to the Swap 
Counterparties in respect of the Swap Agreements which 
are not currency swaps (other than any termination 
payment due to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, 
in any event, the amount of any termination payment due 
and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is not a currency swap, and/or Mortgage 
Pool Swap to the extent of any premium received (net of 
any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to 
find a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in

--- Page 41 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
41 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap, which is not a currency swap, and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap); (b) pay, pro rata and pari passu, 
interest due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect 
of each Series of Covered Bonds; and (c) credit to the 
Reserve Account an amount required to ensure that the 
Reserve Account is funded up to an amount equal to item 
(B)(b) of the definition of Required Reserve Amount; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) pro rata and 
pari passu any amount due and payable, or to become due 
and payable, to the Swap Counterparties in respect of the 
Swap Agreements which are currency swaps (if any) 
(other than any termination payment due to the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparties following the 
occurrence of a Swap Trigger but including, in any event, 
the amount of any termination payment due and payable 
to the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparties in 
relation to the termination of the relevant Covered Bond 
Swap, which is a currency swap, to the extent of any 
premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred 
by the Guarantor (if any) to find a replacement swap 
counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a 
replacement swap counterparty in consideration for 
entering into a swap transaction with the Issuer on the 
same terms as the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is 
a currency swap); and (b) pro rata and pari passu 
principal due under the Covered Bond Guarantee in 
respect of each Series of Covered Bonds; 
 
(v) fifth, after each Series of Covered Bonds has been fully 
repaid or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (up to the Required Redemption Amount in 
respect of each outstanding Series of Covered Bonds), to 
pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination payment 
due and payable to the relevant Swap Counterparties 
under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreements 
following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger other than the 
payments referred to under items (iii)(a) and (iv)(a) 
above;  
 
(vi) sixth, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid or 
repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been provided 
for (such that the Required Redemption Amount has been 
accumulated in respect of each outstanding Tranche of 
Covered Bonds), in or towards satisfaction, pro rata and 
pari passu, according to the respective amounts thereof, 
of (i) all amounts due and payable to the relevant Seller in 
respect of Sellers’ Claims (if any) under the terms of the

--- Page 42 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
42 
relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the relevant 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and (ii) all amounts 
due and payable to the Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the 
Servicing Agreement; and 
 
(vii) seventh, after the Covered Bonds have been fully repaid 
or repayment in full of the Covered Bonds has been 
provided for (such that the Required Redemption Amount 
has been accumulated in respect of each outstanding 
Tranche of Covered Bonds), any remaining moneys will 
be applied in and towards repayment in full pari passu 
amongst the relevant Seller(s), in accordance with the 
distribution provisions of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s), of the amounts outstanding under the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or the Master 
Transfer 
Agreements, 
and/or 
other 
Transaction 
Documents, 
 
(the “Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments”). 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the 
service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the Servicer fails 
to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts 
collected during the immediately preceding Collection Period 
fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of a 
Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated as the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the “Available Funds” shall 
include (i) the Interest Available Funds, (ii) the Principal 
Available Funds and (iii) the amounts received by the 
Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF 
Decree (the “Excess Proceeds”). 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Available Funds, as calculated in 
respect of the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, will be used 
to make payments in the order of priority set out below (in each 
case only if and to the extent that payments of a higher priority 
have been made in full): 
 
(i) 
first, to pay, pari passu and pro rata according to the 
respective amounts thereof, any Expenses and taxes;

--- Page 43 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
43 
 
(ii) second, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Servicer, the Cash Manager, the English 
Account Bank, the Italian Account Bank, the Investment 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Registered Paying 
Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Corporate 
Servicer, the Asset Monitor and the Cover Pool Manager 
(if any); 
 
(iii) third, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, (a) pro rata and pari 
passu, any amount due to the Swap Counterparties (other 
than any termination payment due to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties following the occurrence of a Swap 
Trigger but including, in any event, the amount of any 
termination payment due and payable to the relevant 
Swap Counterparties in relation to the termination of the 
relevant Covered Bond Swaps and/or Mortgage Pool 
Swaps to the extent of any premium received (net of any 
costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find 
a replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the 
Guarantor from a replacement swap counterparty in 
consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the 
Guarantor on the same terms as the relevant Covered 
Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap); and (b) pro rata 
and pari passu, interest and principal due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of each Series of 
Covered Bonds; 
 
(iv) fourth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu, any termination 
payment due and payable to the relevant Swap 
Counterparties under the terms of the relevant Swap 
Agreements following the occurrence of a Swap Trigger 
other than the payments referred to under item (iii) above;  
 
(v) fifth, to pay, pro rata and pari passu according to the 
respective amounts thereof, (i) all amounts due and 
payable to the relevant Seller in respect of Sellers’ Claims 
(if any) under the terms of the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement and the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement and (ii) all amounts due and payable to the 
Servicer under clause 10.4.5 of the Servicing Agreement; 
and 
 
(vi) sixth, to pay, pari passu amongst the relevant Seller(s), 
any remaining moneys towards repayment of amounts 
outstanding under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement(s) in accordance with the distribution 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) and/or 
other Transaction Documents,

--- Page 44 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
44 
 
(the “Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments” and, together with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payment, the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment and the Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments, are collectively referred to as the 
“Priorities of Payments”). 
 
5 
Creation and Administration of the Cover Pool 
Transfer of the Cover Pool 
The Initial Seller and the Guarantor have entered into a master 
transfer agreement pursuant to which the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the “Initial 
Receivables”) and (b) may assign and transfer further 
monetary receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the 
“Subsequent Receivables”) and/or Integration Assets (other 
than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor from time to time (the 
“BPER Master Transfer Agreement”), in the cases and 
subject to the limits on the transfer of Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, 
referred to below. 
 
The Guarantor may acquire Subsequent Receivables in order 
to: 
 
(i) 
collateralise the issue of further Tranches of Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the limits to the 
assignment of further Receivables arising under 
Mortgage Loans set forth by the BoI Regulations (Limiti 
alla cessione; see Section II, paragraph 2 of the BoI 
Regulations, the “Limits to the Assignment”) (the 
“Issuance Assignment”); 
 
(ii) invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the Limits 
to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing (the “Revolving Assignment”); or 
 
(iii) ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement (the “Integration 
Assignment”), subject to the limits referred to in the 
section headed “Integration Assets” below. 
 
In the context of Integration Assignments, the Guarantor may 
also acquire Integration Assets. 
 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and subject 
to the conditions provided therein, the Initial Seller shall also 
be allowed to repurchase Initial Receivables and Subsequent 
Receivables which have been assigned by it to the Guarantor.

--- Page 45 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
45 
 
The Initial Receivables, the Subsequent Receivables and the 
Integration Assets will be assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor without recourse (pro soluto) in accordance with 
Law 130 and subject to the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Master Transfer Agreement. 
 
Pursuant to each Additional Master Transfer Agreement, any 
bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a 
member of the BPER Banking Group (each an “Additional 
Seller”), may accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain 
conditions. Any Additional Seller so acceding to the 
Programme shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor an Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an 
accession letter substantially in the form attached to the 
Intercreditor 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Cover 
Pool 
Administration Agreement, respectively. 
Representations and warranties of the 
Sellers 
Pursuant to a warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the Initial Seller on the Initial 
Transfer Date, as subsequently amended (the “BPER 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), the Initial Seller has 
made certain representations and warranties regarding itself 
and the Receivables transferred and to be transferred, 
respectively, by it including, inter alia: 
 
(a) its status, capacity and authority to enter into the 
Transaction Documents and assume the obligations 
expressed to be assumed by it therein; 
 
(b) the legality, validity, binding nature and enforceability of 
the obligations assumed by it; 
 
(c) the existence of the Receivables, the absence of any lien 
attaching the Receivables, and, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, the 
full, unconditional, legal title of the Initial Seller to the 
Receivables assigned by it; and 
 
(d) the validity and enforceability, subject to the applicable 
provisions of laws and of the relevant agreements, against 
the relevant Debtors of the obligations from which the 
Receivables arises. 
 
For the purpose hereof: 
 
“Debtor” means any person, entity or subject, also different 
from the Borrower, who is liable for the payment of amounts 
due, as principal and interest, in respect of a Receivable.

--- Page 46 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
46 
“Borrowers” means, collectively, the borrowers under the 
Mortgage Loans and “Borrower” means any one of them. 
 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the 
Guarantor will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the 
Guarantor a warranty and indemnity agreement providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions 
of the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (each such 
agreement, an “Additional Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement” and, together with the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreements”). 
General Criteria 
Each of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the relevant 
Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the 
general criteria set out in the section headed “Description of 
the Cover Pool – Credit and Collection policies - The General 
Criteria” below (the “General Criteria”). 
 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the 
Receivables deriving from the Mortgage Loans to be included 
in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, set forth in 
Annex 1, Part 2 to the Master Transfer Agreement for the Initial 
Receivables and in the relevant offer for the sale of Subsequent 
Receivables. 
 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific 
Criteria. 
Integration Assets 
In accordance with the provisions of the MEF Decree and the 
BoI Regulations, “Integration Assets” shall include: 
 
(a) Eligible Deposits; and 
 
(b) securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with 
residual maturity not longer than one year,  
in each case, meeting the requirements set out in the 
definition of Eligible Investments. 
 
The integration of the Cover Pool may be carried out through 
the Integration Assets, provided that the Integration Assets 
shall not be allowed within, at any time, higher than 15 per 
cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the 
assets comprising the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets 
Limit”). The Integration (whether through Integration Assets 
or through Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans 
qualifying as eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations) 
shall be allowed exclusively for the purpose of complying with 
the Tests.

--- Page 47 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
47 
 
“Eligible States” means any States belonging to the European 
Economic Space, Switzerland and any other State attracting a 
zero per cent. risk weight factor under the “Standardised 
Approach” provided for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 
relating to the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit 
institutions. 
Eligible Investments 
The Cash Manager may invest funds standing to the credit of 
the Investment Account in:  
(A) euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities 
or other debt instruments provided that (i) such 
investments are immediately repayable on demand at par 
together with accrued and unpaid interest, disposable 
without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no 
later than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) 
such investments provide a fixed principal amount at 
maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially 
invested amount); and (iii) the debt securities or other debt 
instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution 
whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are 
rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of 
long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity of less than 
one month, or such other lower rating being compliant 
with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt 
or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” 
by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to 
investments having a maturity between one and three 
months, or such other lower rating being compliant with 
the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; 
 
(B) euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, 
certificates of deposit of and bankers’ acceptances issued 
by any credit institution (including, without limitation, the 
English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank, 
provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution, provided that such 
investments shall have a minimum rating equal to the ones 
reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is available, “P-2” in respect of

--- Page 48 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
48 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no 
long-term rating is available, “P-3” in respect of 
short-term debt  
 
(C) any eligible asset and/or public entity securities, in each 
case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, provided that, in all 
cases, such investments shall from time to time comply 
with Moody’s requirements in respect of type of asset, 
minimum rating and maturity;  
 
(D) repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated 
debt securities or other debt instruments provided that (i) 
title to the securities underlying such repurchase 
transactions (in the period between the execution of the 
relevant repurchase transactions and their respective 
maturity) effectively passes to the Guarantor, (ii) such 
repurchase transactions are immediately repayable on 
demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a 
maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase 
transactions provide a fixed principal amount at maturity 
(such amount not being lower than the initially invested 
amount) provided that either (a) the debt securities or other 
debt instruments underlying the repurchase transactions 
are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on 
an unsubordinated basis by, or (b) the counterparty of the 
Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is a credit 
institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt 
obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s 
in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by 
Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of 
short-term debt, with regard to investments having a 
maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating 
being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s 
from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect 
of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity between one 
and three months, or such other lower rating being 
compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from 
time to time; and 
 
(E) securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting 
as borrower regulated under the Global Master Securities 
Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the 
underlying securities comply with the requirements set out 
in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty acting as 
borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the 
securities lending transaction is a credit institution 
(including, without limitation, the English Account Bank

--- Page 49 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
49 
and the Italian Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as 
Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible Institution, 
(iii) such securities lending transactions are immediately 
repayable on demand, disposable without penalty or loss 
or have a maturity date falling no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date, (iv) the 
counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to 
be bound by the provisions thereof and (v) in case of 
downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the 
minimum ratings by Moody’s, the Guarantor shall 
terminate in advance the securities lending transaction 
within 35 calendar days from the downgrade,  
 
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out 
above may consist, in whole or in part, actually or potentially, 
of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the 
transfer of credit risk by means of credit derivatives nor may 
any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at 
any time and (ii) no amount available to the Guarantor in the 
context of the Programme may be otherwise invested in asset-
backed securities, irrespective of their subordination, status, or 
ranking at any time. 
 
(the “Eligible Investments”).  
Subordinated Loan(s) 
On the Initial Transfer Date, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended (the “BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has granted 
to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated 
Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the BPER 
Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, 
the Initial Seller shall make advances to the Guarantor in 
amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables 
transferred from time to time to the Guarantor by it, including 
the Subsequent Receivables or Integration Assets to be 
transferred in order to prevent a breach of the Tests. Each 
advance granted by the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term 
loan advanced to fund the purchase price of Receivables to be 
sold in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the 
“Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of purchasing further Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets in the framework of an Integration 
Assignment (the “Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan 
advanced for the purpose of paying any amount required to be 
paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase 
price of Initial Receivables and/or Subsequent Receivables in

--- Page 50 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
50 
accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the 
“Price Adjustment Advance”); and (d) financing the creation 
of Eligible Deposits (the “Eligible Deposits Advance”). 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the 
Guarantor, will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a 
subordinated loan agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, 
substantially the same terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement (each such agreement, an 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together 
with the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
 
(See the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”, below). 
Tests 
The Mandatory Tests 
 
In accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
and the provisions of the MEF Decree, for so long as any 
Covered Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its 
capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) 
shall procure on a on-going basis (and, without prejudice of the 
OBG Regulations, such obligation shall be deemed to be 
complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on 
which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until the 
Programme Expiry Date that each of the following Mandatory 
Tests is met: 
 
(a) the Nominal Value Test; 
 
(b) the NPV Test; and 
 
(c) the Interest Coverage Test. 
 
For a more detailed description of the Mandatory Tests, see the 
section headed “Credit structure” below. 
 
The Asset Coverage Test 
 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the earlier of: 
 
(a) the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in 
the context of the Programme have been cancelled or 
redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
 
(b) the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the 
Guarantor, 
 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller 
shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the

--- Page 51 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
51 
relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Adjusted 
Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. For a 
more detailed description, see the section “Credit structure” 
below. 
 
The Amortisation Test 
 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remain 
outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and 
any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of 
a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to 
be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test 
Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the 
“Amortisation Test”). 
 
For a more detailed description, see the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below. 
 
Compliance with the Tests and the Amortisation Test will be 
verified by the Calculation Agent on each Calculation Date 
and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on 
which the verification of the Tests is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. The calculations 
performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests and 
the Amortisation Test will be verified from time to time by the 
Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset 
Monitor Agreement and the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, 
as the case may be. For a detailed description see the section 
headed “Credit Structure – Tests” below. 
Curing a Breach of the Tests 
In order to cure the breach of a Mandatory Test and/or Asset 
Coverage Test: 
 
(a) prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Guarantor shall to any possible extent use the Available 
Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) in order 
to cure the relevant Test; or 
 
(b) BPER shall sell, as soon as possible and by the last day 
of the month during which the Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred has been 
delivered, Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor,

--- Page 52 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
52 
which shall purchase such assets, in accordance with the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and, to this extent, 
BPER shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the 
purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance 
with 
the 
BPER 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreement (and, if needed, it will increase the BPER 
Commitment Limit), provided that none of the events 
indicated in clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione 
dell’Obbligo di Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) 
(Inadempimento di obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) 
(Violazione delle dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del 
Cedente), 
(iii) 
(Mutamento 
Sostanzialmente 
Pregiudizievole) and (v) (Crisi) of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement has occurred with respect to BPER; 
or 
 
(c) following the occurrence of one of the events indicated in 
clause 8.2 (Cause specifiche di estinzione dell’Obbligo di 
Acquisto dal Cedente), paragraphs (i) (Inadempimento di 
obblighi da parte del Cedente), (ii) (Violazione delle 
dichiarazioni e garanzie da parte del Cedente), (iii) 
(Mutamento Sostanzialmente Pregiudizievole) and (v) 
(Crisi) of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement with 
respect to BPER, or failing BPER to cure the relevant 
Tests by the last day of the month during which the Test 
Performance Report assessing that a breach of the 
relevant Test has occurred has been delivered, any 
Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, or shall procure that 
any third party seller sells, and the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits), 
provided that the conditions set out in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement are satisfied; 
 
(d) failing BPER or the Additional Sellers to cure the relevant 
Tests, within the last day of the month during which the 
Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test 
has occurred has been delivered, the Guarantor shall 
purchase, as soon as possible, Subsequent Receivables 
and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) 
from any entity belonging to the BPER Banking Group 
willing to act as Additional Seller, provided that the 
conditions set out in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement are satisfied, 
 
in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the relevant 
Tests are met as soon as practicable and in any event by not 
later than the date provided for in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. The obligation of each Additional 
Seller to transfer Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration

--- Page 53 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
53 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) pursuant to the provisions 
of paragraph (c) above will be limited to, and does not in any 
case exceed, the relevant percentage calculated in respect of 
the overall Cover Pool – on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or any other date on which such 
percentage needs to be assessed for the curing of a breach of 
the relevant Tests – of Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets sold by the relevant Additional Seller and 
notwithstanding the provisions of this paragraph, each of the 
Additional Sellers will have the right to sell, and the Guarantor 
shall purchase, Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) in excess of such 
Additional Seller’s pro rata percentage, if necessary to ensure 
that the relevant Tests are met. 
 
If the relevant breach is not remedied by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, as evidenced by the 
following Test Performance Report, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor stating that the breach of the relevant Tests has not 
been cured (a “Breach of Tests Notice”). 
 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, as a result of the delivery 
of a Test Performance Report assessing a breach of any of the 
Tests: 
 
(I) 
no further Tranche of Covered Bonds may be issued; and  
 
(II) no payments under the Subordinated Loan Agreement(s) 
will be effected, unless the relevant breach is remedied. 
 
If, following the service of a Breach of Tests Notice, the breach 
of relevant Tests has not been cured within the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, an Issuer Event of 
Default shall occur and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall be entitled to deliver a Notice to Pay on the 
Guarantor, pursuant to the provisions of the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, a breach of the 
Amortisation Test shall constitute a Guarantor Event of 
Default. 
 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior 
to the service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor shall 
sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets in accordance with 
the provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
 
“BPER Commitment Limit” means the maximum amount of 
the subordinated loan granted by BPER as indicated in the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, save for the further 
increase that may be determined unilaterally by the

--- Page 54 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
54 
Subordinated Loan Provider through a written notice to the 
Guarantor and the Issuer. 
 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, 
on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report 
is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
Pre-Maturity Test 
The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for any 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit ratings 
fall below a certain level. The applicable Final Terms will set 
out whether the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is a Series 
of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. On each Pre-Maturity Test 
Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Calculation 
Agent will determine if the Issuer satisfies the Pre-Maturity 
Test, and, if the Pre-Maturity Test is not so satisfied, it shall 
immediately notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of Covered Bondholders thereof. For a more 
detailed description, see the section headed “Credit structure”, 
below. 
 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling 
during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior to the occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default 
 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 
months preceding the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Role of the Asset Monitor 
The Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed-upon 
procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the 
Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date. The Asset Monitor will 
also perform the other activities provided under the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
Sale of Receivables following the 
service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay (and prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice) or in order to comply with 
the Pre-Maturity Test, the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in 
order to (i) effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds or 
(ii) to comply with the Pre-Maturity Test) direct the Servicer to 
sell Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of 
the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited 
to the Transaction Account and applied as set out in the 
applicable Priority of Payments. 
Sale of Receivables following the 
service of an Acceleration Notice 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders

--- Page 55 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
55 
shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, direct the 
Servicer or, in the absence of the Servicer, the Cover Pool 
Manager, to sell Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) and/or Receivables in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller or any 
Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be 
credited to the Transaction Account and applied in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments.  
 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 56 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
56 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Issuer and the Guarantor may become 
insolvent or otherwise be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. There is a wide 
range of factors which individually or together could result in the Issuer and the Guarantor becoming unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Certain risks which are deemed not to be material as at the date of this Base Prospectus may become material 
as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer's and the Guarantor's control. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor have identified in this Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect 
their businesses and ability to make payments due under the Covered Bonds. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the following factors may affect their ability to fulfil their obligations 
under the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or 
may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor is in a position to express a view on the likelihood of 
any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe may be material for the purpose of assessing the markets 
risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the Issuer or the Guarantor may be unable to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bond for other reasons and the Issuer 
and the Guarantor do not represent that the statements below regarding the risks of holding any Covered Bonds 
are exhaustive. While the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen 
some of the risks for holders of Covered Bonds, there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient 
or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of interest or principal on such Covered Bonds 
on a timely basis or at all. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
Factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this section on the risk factors before making any investment 
decision, in order to understand the risks related to BPER and its subsidiaries (the “BPER Group” or the 
“Group”) and obtain a better appreciation of the BPER Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to 
the Covered Bonds issued and described in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk 
factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its obligations arising from the Covered Bonds. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories 
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s financial position; 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer’s business activity and industry; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer;  
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer.  
1. Risks relating to the Issuer’s Financial Position 
Risks associated with the new coronavirus (Covid-19) pandemic 
The World Health Organization (“WHO”) declared a global emergency on 30 January 2020 with respect to the

--- Page 57 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
57 
outbreak in 2019 of novel coronavirus (Covid-19) which emerged in Wuhan, China. The WHO subsequently 
characterised it as a pandemic on 11 March 2020. The outbreak has spread throughout Asia, Europe and the 
Middle East and there have been cases of Covid-19 throughout the world (including Brazil, Canada, United 
States, among others), causing companies and various international jurisdictions to impose restrictions, such as 
quarantines, closures, cancellations and travel restrictions. The entire national and international scenario has 
been severely affected by such restrictions. The pandemic significantly affected the markets, globally and 
locally, from a systemic standpoint, and lead to sharp declines in the gross domestic product (GDP) of several 
States (including Italy). Although the effects of the pandemic are expected to be temporary, the duration of the 
business disruptions internationally and related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 
Similarly, it is not possible to estimate whether or to what extent this outbreak and potential financial impact 
may extend to States outside of those currently impacted. Such circumstances originated a general uncertainty 
and the full extent of its adverse impacts is not entirely foreseeable at the moment. Notwithstanding, it is 
expected that the pandemic will continue to have an overall negative impact on the markets, market players and 
States in 2021. The severe restrictive measures put in place by the relevant States in order to contain the spread 
of the outbreak, including lockdowns which lasted for several weeks and moratoriums on the repayments of 
loans, have had a highly significant across-the-board impact on economic activity and value-chains.  
The Group acted promptly in response to the pandemic, adopting a number of actions to deal with the critical 
context and to mitigate the related risks, and implemented the measures introduced by the Italian lawmaker. 
However, the emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in the 
current and future macroeconomic, financial and legal context had, has and will continue to have a substantial 
effect on the economic and financial dynamics of BPER Group. It could also lead to negative effects on the 
activity and prospects as well as on the economic and financial situation of the Issuer and the Group. The 
Group’s activity may be adversely affected, as higher operating costs, lower fee earnings, credit losses, 
compliance and corporate governance challenges and a compression of net interest income can be expected. 
Therefore, no assurance can be given that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on the Issuer 
and the Group’s business and financial performance.  
If the Covid-19 pandemic continues to negatively affect the global economy and/or adversely affect the 
business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations of the Group, it may also increase the likelihood 
and/or magnitude of other risks described in this “Risk Factors” section. 
The future impact of the outbreak is still highly uncertain and its final magnitude cannot be predicted. The 
extent of the impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain Covid-19 and the 
effects of ongoing immunisation programmes implemented by the relevant States. The paramount concern in 
2021 and 2022 lies in a resurgence of the pandemic. The surge of more resistant variants of the virus to vaccines 
is a potential obstacle to a resumption of economic normality, accompanied by the operational risks related to 
the production, distribution and inoculation of the vaccine and reluctance of sectors of the population as regards 
their efficacy. Moreover, differences in access of populations to vaccines can trigger false starts regarding the 
reopening of economies and require extensions of the period of social distancing, augmenting uncertainties and 
insecurities faced by households, companies and politicians. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation 
and a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly 
relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, notably in its profitability.

--- Page 58 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
58 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign 
banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and 
purchasers of loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer 
must compete. BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its growth 
prospects, and consequently, its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-bank 
competitors that provide banking services, which activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny under 
existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes.  
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors’ products and service offerings and retaining and 
strengthening customer relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market share 
or incur losses in some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which 
could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Impact of events that are difficult to anticipate 
The Issuer's earnings and business are affected by general economic conditions, the performance of financial 
markets, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates, changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies 
of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, 
at a regional, national and international level. Each of these factors can change the level of demand for the 
Issuer's products and services, the credit quality of borrowers and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the 
Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. 
Interest rate fluctuation 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and 
the equity value of the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment 
risk. Income risk derives from the possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net interest 
income, being the difference between interest received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from the 
possibility that adverse changes in the value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments held by the 
Bank, following changes in interest rates, may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of the BPER Group. The results of the BPER 
Group’s banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes 
in market interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest 
rates and changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in 
any given period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the BPER 
Group’s business activity, financial performance and condition, asset value and/or results of operations.  
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the BPER Group’s lending and deposit 
spreads. Rising interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group’s cost of funding at a 
higher rate than the yield on its assets, due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and 
liabilities that are sensitive to interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of 
assets and liabilities with similar maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield 
on the BPER Group’s assets at a rate which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
In addition, in recent years, the Italian banking sector has been characterised by increasing competition which,

--- Page 59 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
59 
together with the low level of interest rates, has caused a sharp reduction in the difference between borrowing 
and lending rates, and has made it difficult for banks to maintain positive growth trends in interest rate margins. 
Business concentration risk 
The Issuer’s key market geographically is the Emilia Romagna region, where the Issuer has historically operated 
and where the majority of the BPER branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer’s businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer’s 
borrowers and counterparties, (as mentioned above) particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or 
a general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the 
financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer’s assets and require an increase in the 
Issuer’s impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions. 
Risks connected to a potential rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s France”), and (ii) Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian 
branch) (“Fitch”) which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, (as amended) (the “CRA Regulation”) as set out in the list of credit rating 
agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities 
and Markets Authority pursuant to the CRA Regulation. A downgrade of the Issuer’s rating (for whatever 
reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs for the Issuer in the capital markets. In addition, a 
downgrade of the Issuer’s rating may limit the Issuer’s opportunities to extend mortgage loans and may have a 
particularly adverse effect on the Issuer’s image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of 
its clients. These factors may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s financial condition and/or the results of its 
operations and, as a consequence, on the rating assigned to the Covered Bonds where applicable. 
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution 
of the Issuer’s ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo, the rating of the 
Italian Government debt, the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on asset quality, profitability, and capital of the 
Issuer.  
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions 
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the financial 
markets in general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular. During recessionary periods, there 
may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group’s customers may default on 
their loans or other obligations. Interest rate rises may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and 
other loan products. Fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone and in the other markets in 
which the BPER Group operates influence its performance.   
Among others, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade policies; (ii) 
global geopolitical tensions (including recent developments in connection with the trade disputes between the 
United States and China and the related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced and the withdrawal 
of US troops from Afghanistan); (iii) residual uncertainty about the withdrawal of the UK from the EU 
(“Brexit”), effective from midnight on 31 December 2020, which will be governed by an agreement reached 
only in extremis by the two counterparties; (iv) future developments of the European Central Bank’s (“ECB”) 
monetary policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented 
by other countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the sustainability of the 
sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; and (vi) the volatile 
trend in the price of oil.

--- Page 60 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
60 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current 
economic, financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, 
therefore, its business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country’s reliability and solidity of 
its financial condition as well as prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member 
states. This, together with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as 
to their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national 
currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A potential collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration 
of the EU’s economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, 
creating new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and significant changes to 
financial activities both at market and retail level. The materialization of these risks could have a significant 
adverse impact on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets and a material 
and negative impact on BPER Group and/or on BPER Group’s clients, with negative implications for BPER 
Group’s business, results and financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might affect negatively the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro 
area. Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on 
households disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group’s 
business, results and financial position.   
On 31 January 2020, the UK formally left the EU. The withdrawal process encompassed the conclusion of an 
EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which was ratified by the EU Council in 29 April 2021. This 
agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border provision of regulated financial 
services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. The withdrawal agreement entered into by the 
EU and the UK ensures there is a statute book in the UK, however, the Treaty on the European Union and the 
Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. Furthermore, there remain 
significant uncertainties with regards to the political and economic outlook of the UK and the EU. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able 
to make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the 
Italian economy would have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group’s business, in light of the BPER 
Group’s significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
In June 2020, the European Central Bank’s (ECB) to contain the economic impacts of the spread of the Covid-
19 pandemic enacted a series of monetary policies and supervision measures. In particular, its Pandemic 
Emergency Purchase Program (PEPP) came into force with the scope of lowering borrowing costs and 
increasing the lending activity in the Euro area. The ECB will terminate net asset purchases under the PEPP 
once it judges that the Covid-19 crisis is over, but in any case not before the end of March 2022. In addition, 
through its Targeted Longer-Term Refinancing Operations (TLTRO-III) the ECB improved liquidity in the 
markets and bank funding with longer maturities and an interest rate of up to 50 bps lower than the interest rate 
on the standing deposit facility. The adoption of, among others, these measures by the ECB has contributed to 
ease tensions, limiting the refinancing risk for the banking system and leading to a tightening of credit spreads. 
The possibility that the European Central Bank could halt or reconsider the current set up of unconventional 
measures, as recent developments have shown, would impact negatively the value of sovereign debt 
instruments. This would have a materially negative impact on the BPER Group’s business, results and financial 
position. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis 
in the Euro area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further 
acceleration of the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the

--- Page 61 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
61 
recoverability and quality of the sovereign debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial 
resources of the BPER Group’s clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of any of the above events 
may cause the BPER Group to suffer losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its 
assets, with a potential adverse effect on the BPER Group liquidity, financial position and results of transactions 
including its ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding 
requirements.  
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out 
deteriorating positions in a timely manner. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may 
adversely affect the BPER Group’s securities activities and its asset management services, as well as its 
investments in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group’s customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other 
affected economies may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the 
BPER Group's loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels. 
BPER Group’s access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access 
the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance 
with prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital 
and/or financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group.  
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant 
effects on the time to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and 
the consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In 
addition to this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held could make it difficult 
to ensure that the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms. 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit 
strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent 
years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. In this case, the economic and financial 
position of the BPER Group might suffer further adverse consequences. 
Consequences of Great Britain’s exit from the European Union (Brexit) 
The Issuer may be affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets. 
Pursuant to a referendum held in June 2016, the United Kingdom (“UK”) voted to leave the 
European Union and, on 29 March 2017, the UK Government invoked article 50 of the Lisbon 
Treaty and officially notified the European Union of its decision to withdraw from the European 
Union. 
On 31 January 2020, the UK withdrew from the European Union. According to Articles 126 and 127 of the 
Article 
50 
Withdrawal 
Agreement 
(approved 
by 
the 
European 
Parliament 
on 
29 
January 2020), the UK entered an implementation period during which it has negotiated its future relationship 
with the European Union. The implementation period terminated on 31 December 2020.

--- Page 62 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
62 
The result of the referendum in June 2016 has created significant uncertainties with regard to the political and 
economic outlook of the United Kingdom and the European Union. 
The exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union, the possible exit of Scotland from the 
United 
Kingdom, 
the 
possibility 
that 
other 
European 
Union 
countries 
could 
hold 
similar 
referendums to the one held in the United Kingdom and/or call into question their membership of the European 
Union and the possibility that one or more countries that adopted the Euro as their national currency might 
decide, in the long term, to adopt an alternative currency or prolonged periods of uncertainty connected to these 
eventualities could have a significant negative impact on global economic conditions and the stability of 
international financial markets. These could include further falls in equity markets, high volatility in the value 
of the pound and, more in general, increase in financial markets volatility, reduction of global markets liquidities 
with possible negative consequences on the performance of the Programme. 
2. Risks relating to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Issuer’s business activities 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a 
series of other risks typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, tax and reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or 
in the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers.  The Issuer is 
exposed to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, 
fraudulent behaviour of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, 
their financial position, or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Any failure by its 
customers to accurately report their financial and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements 
or other contractual provisions could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial results.  
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, 
currencies and commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk 
are dependent upon its ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by 
fluctuations in market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how 
effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio 
diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market 
interest rates.   
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities 
incurred by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. 
The activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and 
retail markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB's lending 
policy or funding requirements, including changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted

--- Page 63 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
63 
by the ECB as collateral for calculating the value of such assets could affect the Group's results of operations, 
business and financial condition. 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by 
authorities in European Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and 
guidelines are introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking 
groups are mainly provided by implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out 
by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (the “Basel Committee”) and aim at preserving their stability 
and resilience and limiting their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the European 
Central Bank (“ECB”) and the European System of Central Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is 
subject govern the activities in which banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety 
and soundness of banks, and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial 
services laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing international 
financial markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations 
are being introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Issuer including proposed regulatory 
initiatives that could significantly alter the Issuer’s capital requirements. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, 
which will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”). 
Following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a 
final decision of the capital requirement that BPER must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can 
be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the BPER Group from time to time 
may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as to the 
result of any future SREP carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds 
requirements on the Issuer or the BPER Group.  
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the (EU) Regulation no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called 
“SRMR”), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and 
the BPER Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be 
provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council (Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive, “BRRD”, as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, “BRRD II”), which, inter alia, 
introduced the so called “bail-in”, Regulation 2019/876/EU of the European Parliament and the Council, which 
amends Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. “CRR II”) and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 
2019/878/EU, which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. “CRD V”) must be taken into consideration and put 
in force by BPER Group. 
The BPER Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide 
range of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of 
business, the asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD 
towards the BPER Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 64 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
64 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented in 
Italy by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise 
the write down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related 
hedging instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured 
liability (including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that exceeds the value of the assets, 
pledge, lien or collateral against which it is secured. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the “SSM 
Regulation”) in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the “Single Supervisory Mechanism” or 
“SSM”). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
“banks of significant importance” in the Eurozone.  
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. BPER and the BPER 
Group have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group 
within the meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 
establishing the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European 
Central Bank and each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the “SSM 
Framework Regulation”) and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of 
the functions granted to ECB by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
For further details, please see the “Regulatory Section” on page 154 of this Base Prospectus. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes 
related, for example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the 
financial products and services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and 
labour/employment lawsuits. Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax 
proceedings as well as judicial and regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the ordinary 
course of business, the outcome of which cannot be predicted. 
Although management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the 
respective financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings 
might cause such provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material 
adverse effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
 
4. Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer  
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, 
damages in internal processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is 
highly dependent to perform its business activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not 
limited to the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees or

--- Page 65 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
65 
operational errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology, telecommunication systems, 
IT virus, cyber attacks or malfunction of electronic and/or communication services.  
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of 
organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, 
all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. For the measure of 
the operational risk, the Group adopted the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any failure or weakness 
in these systems, could however adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from 
an adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or 
Supervisory Authorities with which the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage 
and mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures 
that need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following 
components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group’s exposure to reputational 
risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation process and 
the determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its 
risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer 
fails to identify or anticipate. If existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies 
and procedures are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any 
failure to execute the Group’s reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely 
affect the Group’s business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a 
result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to 
as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could 
adversely affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started a second covered bond programme 
(the “Second Covered Bond Programme”), structured on a conditional pass-through basis, on a residential 
and commercial mortgage cover pool. Risks related to such financial structured instruments are connected to 
the capacity of BPER to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools assigned as 
guarantees and the covered bonds issued under both the Second Covered Bond Programme. Should a 
combination of a sharp decrease of the residential or commercial mortgage loan production and an appreciable 
increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance could affect BPER's capacity to ensure a suitable 
claim substitution according to the Second Covered Bond Programme provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under the Second Covered Bond Programme could adversely affect 
the Issuer’s financial performance and business activities.

--- Page 66 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
66 
Climate change risks 
Climate change can create (i) transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through 
policy, regulatory and technological changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and 
unpredictability; and (iii) derivative risks, which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects 
of climate change and may seek compensation from those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result 
in financial losses that could impair asset values and the creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER 
Group, adversely impacting BPER Group.  
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely 
affect BPER Group: 
 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business 
models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced 
corporate earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 
 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity 
prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather 
events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, 
employment and inflation. 
 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations both of 
customers and the Group’s.  
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and 
scrutiny from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
5. Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic 
and political uncertainties, which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which 
the Issuer operates and, more specifically, on the business and results of the Issuer in ways that cannot be 
predicted. 
Factors that may affect the Guarantor’s ability to fulfil its obligations under or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories 
1. Risks relating to the Guarantor; 
2. Risks relating to the underlying. 
1. Risks relating to the Guarantor 
Guarantor is only obliged to pay guaranteed amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date 
The Guarantor has the obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
upon the service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor: 
a) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, of a Notice to Pay; and 
b) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default, of an Acceleration Notice. 
A Notice to Pay can only be served if an Issuer Event of Default occurs. An Acceleration Notice can only be 
served if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs.

--- Page 67 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
67 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor (provided that (i) an Issuer Event of Default has 
occurred and (ii) no Acceleration Notice has been served) under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the 
Guarantor will be obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. Such payments 
will be subject to and will be made in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, following the service of a Notice to Pay, but prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer 
towards the Covered Bondholders, so that the rights of payment of the Covered Bondholders in such 
circumstance will only be the right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal 
from the Guarantor on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the 
Guarantor in the performance of the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
(directly or through the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis, the 
right of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any amount received, collected or recovered from the 
Issuer will form part of the Available Funds. 
Furthermore, please note that the above restrictions are provided for by the MEF Decree and contractual 
arrangements under the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction Documents, and there is no case-
law or other official interpretation on this issue. Therefore, it cannot be excluded that a court might uphold a 
Covered Bondholder’s right to act directly against the Issuer. 
Extendable obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
With respect to the Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which the Extended Maturity Date is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if the Guarantor is obliged under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay a 
guaranteed amount and has insufficient funds available under the relevant priority of payments to pay such 
amount on the Extension Determination Date, then the obligation of the Guarantor to pay such guaranteed 
amounts shall automatically be deferred to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. However, to the extent the 
Guarantor has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the guaranteed amounts in respect of the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make such partial payment in accordance with the relevant Priorities of 
Payments, as described in Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), on the relevant Maturity Date and any 
subsequent Scheduled Payment Date falling prior to the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Payment of the 
unpaid amount shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date. Interest will 
continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid guaranteed amount on the basis set out in the applicable Final 
Terms or, if not set out therein, Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), mutatis mutandis. In these 
circumstances, except where the Guarantor has improperly withheld or refused to apply moneys in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments in accordance with Condition 7 (Redemption and Purchase), failure by 
the Guarantor to pay the relevant guaranteed amount on the Maturity Date or any subsequent CB Payment Date 
falling prior to the Extended Maturity Date (or the relevant later date in case of an applicable grace period) shall 
not constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. However, failure by the Guarantor to pay any guaranteed amount 
or the balance thereof, as the case may be, on the relevant Extended Maturity Date and/or pay any other amount 
due under the Covered Bond Guarantee will (subject to any applicable grace period) constitute a Guarantor 
Event of Default. 
No gross-up for taxes by the Guarantor 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if withholding for or on account of, or 
deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature is imposed by or on 
behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Guarantor will make the required 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges for the account of the Covered 
Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any additional amounts to the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 68 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
68 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor 
The obligation of the Guarantor to fulfil its obligation under the Covered Bonds Guarantee will be limited 
recourse to the Available Funds. 
The Guarantor’s ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on the realisable 
value of the Cover Pool, the amount of principal and interest generated by the Cover Pool and the timing thereof, 
the proceeds of any Eligible Investments and amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account 
Banks. The Guarantor will not have any other source of funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the proceeds of the Cover Pool, the proceeds of any Eligible Investment 
and the amounts received from the Swap Counterparties and the Account Banks may not be sufficient to meet 
the claims of all the Secured Creditors, including the Covered Bondholders. If the Secured Creditors have not 
received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still 
have an unsecured claim against the Guarantor for the shortfall. There is no guarantee that the Guarantor will 
have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test have been structured 
to ensure that the outstanding nominal amount of the Cover Pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the nominal 
amount of the outstanding Covered Bonds taking into account the relevant negative cost of carry. In addition, 
the MEF Decree provides for certain further mandatory tests aimed at ensuring, inter alia, that (a) the net present 
value of the Cover Pool (net of certain costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the 
Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the Cover Pool (net of certain 
costs) shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the Issuer under the Covered Bonds. 
However, there is no assurance that there will not be a shortfall. For further details, see the section headed 
“Maintenance of the Cover Pool” below. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties 
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Servicer has been (and any Successor 
Servicer may be) appointed to service the Cover Pool and the Asset Monitor has been appointed to monitor 
compliance with the Tests. In the event that any of those parties fails to perform its respective obligations under 
the relevant agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof may be 
affected, or, pending such realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold), the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Servicer 
has failed to adequately administer the Cover Pool, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or default 
by Debtors.  
If a Servicer Termination Event in respect of the Servicer occurs pursuant to the terms of the Servicing 
Agreement, then the Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to 
terminate the appointment of the relevant Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer in its place. There can be 
no assurance that a substitute servicer with sufficient experience in administering the Cover Pool would be 
found who would be willing and able to service the Cover Pool on the terms of the Servicing Agreement. The 
ability of a Successor Servicer to perform fully the required services would depend, among other things, on the 
information, software and records available at the time of the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a 
Successor Servicer may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of 
the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee.

--- Page 69 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
69 
The Servicer has no obligation to advance payments if any Debtor fails to make any payments in a timely 
manner. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the Servicer 
under the Servicing Agreement.  
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as a Servicer or to 
monitor the performance by the Servicer of its obligations. 
Reliance on Swap Counterparties 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor expects to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and the Covered Bond Guarantee primarily from collections in respect of the Cover Pool. To protect the 
Guarantor from (a) the basis risk and (b) the interest rate risk on the Cover Pool, the Guarantor may enter into 
any Mortgage Pool Swaps with one or more Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties on the relevant Issue Date. In 
addition, to provide a hedge against interest rate risk, basis risk or (to the extent that Covered Bonds are 
denominated in a currency other than Euro) currency risks in respect of amounts received under the Mortgage 
Pool Swaps and amounts to be paid in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor has entered into one and 
may in the future enter into additional Covered Bond Swaps with one or more Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparties. 
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement, then it will (unless 
otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap Agreement. A Swap 
Counterparty is (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) only obliged to make payments to 
the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant Swap 
Agreement. If the relevant Swap Counterparty fails to provide the Guarantor with all amounts (denominated in 
the relevant currency) owing to the Guarantor (if any) on any payment date under the relevant Swap Agreement, 
or should the relevant swap transactions be otherwise terminated, then the Guarantor will be exposed to changes 
in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, 
subject to confirmation by the Rating Agency, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the potential risk and, in 
such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available 
to make a termination payment under the relevant Swap Agreement, nor can there be any assurance that the 
Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement, or, if one is entered into, that the credit 
rating of the replacement swap counterparty will be sufficiently high to prevent a downgrade of the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds by the Rating Agency. In addition, the Swap Agreements may provide that, 
notwithstanding the relevant Swap Counterparty ceasing to be assigned the requisite ratings and failure by such 
Swap Counterparty to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not 
terminate such Swap Agreement until a replacement swap counterparty has been found. There can be no 
assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap 
counterparty with the requisite ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination payment 
may rank pari passu with (or, under certain circumstances, ahead of) certain amounts due on the Covered Bonds 
and with amounts due under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination 
payment may adversely affect the ability of the Issuer and the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations 
under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
VAT Group

--- Page 70 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
70 
Italian Law no. 232 of 11 December 2016 (the “2017 Budget Law”) has introduced new rules regarding the 
creation of a single entity for value added tax purposes (articles from 70-bis to 70-duodecies of Presidential 
Decree no. 633 of 26 October 1972) (the “VAT Group Regime”), which, if so elected by an entity, apply from 
1 January 2019. Pursuant to such rules, the entity acting as VAT group representative is responsible for the 
exercise of the rights and obligations arising from the application of the VAT Group Regime provisions. All 
other entities included in the VAT group are jointly and severally liable with the VAT group representative vis-
à-vis the Italian Tax Authority for the sums due as a result of the liquidation and controlling activities of the 
Italian Tax Authority in respect of the VAT provisions.  
On 31 October 2018, the Italian Tax Authority issued the circular letter no. 19 whereby it has specified – with 
respect to asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio - SGR) - that funds, as pools of 
segregated assets, would not be held directly responsible for the sums due as taxes, interest and penalties as a 
consequence of the liquidation and controlling activities of the Italian Tax Authority, except for the VAT 
payment obligations specifically related to their own assets.With ruling no. 487 of 15 November 2019, the 
Italian Revenue Agency confirmed the same principle also in respect of Italian securitisation vehicles 
incorporated under Law 130. Considering the brief guidelines and the absence of case law, it is still not entirely 
clear to what extent such limitation would apply in practice. 
The Issuer has opted for the new VAT Group Regime in respect of the Issuer’s group (including the Guarantor) 
with effect from 1 January 2019 and for the three-year period 2019-2021, with tacit renewal for each subsequent 
year unless revoked. Pending further clarification on the scope of application of the new rules, the Issuer has 
undertaken to hold harmless and indemnify on demand the Guarantor for any costs, expenses, losses, liabilities, 
damages, fines, penalties and other charges which the Guarantor may incur as a result of its participation in the 
VAT group to the fullest extent permitted by applicable laws, with the exception of those costs, expenses, 
interests, penalties, liabilities and other charges which are directly attributable to the Guarantor on its ordinary 
course of business and without prejudice to the obligations and rights of the Issuer as “rappresentante” of the 
VAT group in accordance with the 2017 Budget Law. 
2. Risks relating to the underlying 
Limited description of the Cover Pool 
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Cover Pool, because 
it is expected that the composition of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for instance: 
a) any Additional Seller or the Issuer selling further Subsequent Receivables (or Subsequent Receivables 
which are of a type that have not previously been comprised in the Cover Pool) to the Guarantor; 
b) any Additional Seller or the Issuer, repurchasing certain Receivables in accordance with the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement; and 
c) the Servicer being granted by the Guarantor certain power to renegotiate the terms and conditions of the 
Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised within the Cover Pool. 
However, each Receivable arising under the Mortgage Loans will be required to meet the Criteria and to comply 
with the representations and warranties set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement – see the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”, below 
In addition, the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test are intended to ensure, inter alia, that the ratio of 
the Guarantor’s assets to the Covered Bonds is maintained at a certain minimum level and the Calculation Agent 
will provide on each Calculation Date a report that will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the 
Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test.

--- Page 71 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
71 
Nonetheless, the main Cover Pool composition details are available on the Issuer’s website and updated on a 
quarterly basis pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
No due diligence on the Cover Pool 
None of the Arranger, any Dealer, the Issuer, the Guarantor or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has undertaken or will undertake any investigations, searches or other actions in respect of any of the 
Receivables and/or the Integration Assets. Instead, the Guarantor will rely on the General Criteria and the 
Specific Criteria and the relevant representations/warranties given by the Sellers in the relevant Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement. The remedy provided for in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement for breach 
of representation or warranty is for the relevant Seller to indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor in respect 
of losses arising from such breach and for the Guarantor to exercise an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of 
the Italian civil code, to retransfer the Receivables, in respect of which a breach of the representation or warranty 
has occurred, in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement. Such obligations are not guaranteed by nor will they be the responsibility of any person other than 
the relevant Seller and neither the Guarantor nor the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have 
recourse to any other person in the event that the relevant Seller, for whatever reason, fails to meet such 
obligations. However, pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the assets which do not qualify 
as Eligible Cover Pool are excluded by the calculation of the Test and, in case of breach of the Test due to such 
exclusion, the Issuer or, failing the Issuer to do so, the relevant Additional Seller shall integrate the Cover Pool. 
Maintenance of the Cover Pool 
Pursuant to the terms of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Issuer agreed to transfer Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor and the Guarantor 
has agreed to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets in order to ensure that the Cover Pool 
complies with the Tests. The Initial Receivables purchase price shall be funded through the proceeds of the first 
advance under the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and the purchase price for the Subsequent Receivables 
transferred by the Issuer will be funded through (a) any Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-
Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of a Revolving Assignment; and (b) the proceeds 
of the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement in case of an Issuance Assignment; (c) the proceeds of the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any Available Funds available in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments in case of an Integration Assignment. 
If an Additional Seller accedes to the Programme, pursuant to the terms of the relevant Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, such Additional Seller will agree to transfer 
Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor and the Guarantor will agree to purchase 
such Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets. The purchase price for the Subsequent Receivables 
transferred by such Additional Seller will be funded through (i) any Available Funds available in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in case of a Revolving Assignment; (ii) the 
proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement, in case of an Issuance Assignment; and (iii) 
the proceeds of the relevant Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement and, subject to certain conditions, any 
Available Funds available in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, in 
case of an Integration Assignment. 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken (and the Additional 
Seller(s), if any, will undertake upon accession to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement) to ensure that on 
each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or and on each other day on which the Asset 
Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Cover Pool complies with the Tests. If, on any 
Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and on each other day on which the Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Cover Pool does not comply with the Tests, then the Guarantor

--- Page 72 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
72 
shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent, use the Available Funds to 
purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets in order to cure the relevant Test. To the extent the 
Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Integration Assets and/or Subsequent 
Receivables, in an amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following Monthly Calculation 
Date, and the purchase price of such Subsequent Receivables will be funded through the proceeds of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. In the event the Issuer fails to cure the relevant Test, any Additional Seller (if 
any) shall sell, and the Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets. If the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve a Breach of Tests Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall revoke the Breach of Tests Notice if, on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Tests are subsequently satisfied and without prejudice to 
the obligation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Breach of Tests Notice in the future. 
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not satisfied on or before the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its sole discretion, 
and shall if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
If the aggregate collateral value of the Cover Pool has not been maintained in accordance with the terms of the 
Tests, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof (both before and after the occurrence of a 
Guarantor Event of Default) and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee may be affected. However, failure to satisfy the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date following 
a service of a Notice to Pay will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default, thereby entitling the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders to accelerate the Covered Bonds against the Issuer (to the extent not already 
accelerated against the Issuer) and the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee against the 
Guarantor subject to and in accordance with the Conditions. 
Subject to receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, the Asset Monitor will perform specific agreed 
upon procedures set out in an engagement letter entered into with the Issuer on or about the Initial Issue Date 
concerning, inter alia, the control of: (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility criteria set out under the MEF Decree 
with respect to the Receivables and the Integration Assets included in the Cover Pool; (ii) the calculation 
performed by the Issuer in respect of the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance with the limits to the transfer of 
the Receivables set out under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and adequacy of the risk protection 
provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme and (v) the completeness, 
truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 
7, of CRR. In addition, the Asset Monitor will, pursuant to the terms of the Asset Monitor Agreement, (I) prior 
to the delivery of Notice to Pay, verify on behalf of the Issuer, the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test; and (II) following the delivery of a Notice 
to Pay, verify, on behalf of the Guarantor, the calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Test. For further details, see the section headed “Description of the 
Transaction Documents – Asset Monitor Agreement”, below. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for monitoring compliance with, nor 
the verification of, the Tests or any other test, or supervising the performance by any other party of its 
obligations under any Transaction Document. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice) 
If a Notice to Pay is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, then the Guarantor may be obliged to direct the 
Servicer to sell Selected Assets (selected on a random basis) in order to make payments to the Guarantor’s

--- Page 73 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
73 
creditors, including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee; see the section headed “Description 
of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement”, below. 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there can 
be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which may be able to be obtained for such Selected Assets, which 
may affect payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the 
Guarantor for less than an amount equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount for the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same 
is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date in respect of such Covered 
Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date, the Guarantor is 
obliged to direct the Cover Pool Manager to immediately sell the Selected Assets at the best price reasonably 
available, taking into account the market conditions at that time ensuring that the Sellers will have the right to 
exercise their pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. 
Realisation of assets following the service of an Acceleration Notice 
If an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, 
in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours 
to procure that the Selected Assets will be sold as quickly as reasonably practicable, taking into account the 
market conditions at that time and use the proceeds from the liquidation of the Cover Pool towards payment of 
all secured obligations in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments (see the 
section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration Agreement” below). 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the Transaction 
Documents. If an Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner 
or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Selected 
Assets comprised in the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee) by, inter alia: 
a) default by borrowers of amounts due under the relevant Mortgage Loans; 
b) changes to the lending criteria of any of the Sellers; 
c) set-off risks in relation to some types of Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans comprised in the 
Cover Pool; 
d) limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
e) possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB and other regulatory authorities; 
f) 
adverse movement of the interest rate not mitigated by the Mortgage Pool Swap; 
g) unwinding cost related to the hedging structure;  
h) timing for the relevant sale of assets;  
i) 
status of the real estate market in the areas where the Issuer operates; and 
j) 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans being 
unenforceable.

--- Page 74 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
74 
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Mandatory Tests, 
the Asset Coverage Test, the Amortisation Test, the Pre-Maturity Test and the Criteria are intended to ensure 
that there will be an adequate amount of Receivables in the Cover Pool to enable the Guarantor to repay the 
Covered Bonds following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and, accordingly, it 
is expected (although there is no assurance) that Selected Assets could be realised for sufficient values to enable 
the Guarantor to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Priority of Payments  
The validity of contractual priority of payments such as those contemplated in this transaction has been 
challenged recently in the English and U.S. courts. The hearings have arisen due to the insolvency of a secured 
creditor (in that case, a swap counterparty) and have considered whether such payment priorities breach the 
“anti-deprivation” principle under English and U.S insolvency law. This principle prevents a party from 
agreeing to a provision that deprives its creditors of an asset upon its insolvency. It was argued that, where a 
secured creditor subordinates itself to bondholders in the event of its insolvency, that secured creditor effectively 
deprives its own creditors. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom in Belmont Park Investments PTY 
Limited (Respondent) v BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited and Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc 
[2011] UKSC 38 (the “Perpetual Case”) unanimously upheld the decision of the Court of Appeal in dismissing 
this argument and upholding the validity of a flip clause contained in an English-law governed security 
document, stating that, provided that such clause forms part of a commercial transaction entered into in good 
faith which does not have as its predominant purpose, or one of its main purposes, the deprivation of one of the 
properties of one of the parties on bankruptcy, the anti-deprivation principle was not breached by such provision.  
In parallel proceedings in New York, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York in 
Lehman Brothers Special Financing Inc.’s v. BNY Corporate Trustee Services Limited. (In re Lehman Brothers 
Holdings Inc.), Adv. Pro. No. 09-1242-JMP (Bankr. S.D.N.Y. May 20, 2009) examined the same flip clause and 
held that such a provision, which seeks to modify one creditor’s position in a priority of payments when that 
creditor files for bankruptcy, is unenforceable under the US Bankruptcy Code. Whilst leave to appeal was 
granted, the proceedings in the United States were settled before an appeal was heard. Therefore concerns still 
remain that the U.S. courts will diverge in their approach. 
There remains the issue whether, in respect of the foreign insolvency proceedings relating to a creditor located 
in a foreign jurisdiction, an English court will exercise its discretion to recognise the effects of the foreign 
insolvency proceedings, whether under the Cross Border Insolvency Regulations 2006 or any similar common 
law principles. Given the current state of U.S. law, this is likely to be an area of continued judicial focus in 
respect of multi-jurisdictional insolvencies.  
Additionally, as a result of the conflicting statements of the English and New York courts there is uncertainty 
as to whether the English courts will give any effect to any New York court judgment. Similarly, if the Priorities 
of Payments are the subject of litigation in any jurisdiction outside England and Wales and such litigation results 
in a conflicting judgment in respect of the binding nature of the Priorities of Payments it is possible that 
termination payments due to that Swap Counterparty would not be subordinated as envisaged by the Priorities 
of Payments and as a result, the Guarantor’s’ ability to repay the Covered Bondholders in full may be adversely 
affected. There is a particular risk of conflicting judgments where a Swap Counterparty is the subject of 
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings outside of England and Wales.  
Value of the Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee granted by the Guarantor in respect of the Covered Bonds will be backed by the 
Cover Pool and the recourse against the Guarantor will be limited to such assets. Since the economic value of 
the Cover Pool may increase or decrease, the value of the Guarantor’s assets may decrease (for example, if 
there is a general decline in property values). The Issuer makes no representation, warranty or guarantee that

--- Page 75 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
75 
the value of a real estate asset will remain at the same level as it was on the date of the origination of the related 
Mortgage Loan or at any other time. If the residential property market in Italy experiences an overall decline in 
property values, the value of the Mortgage Loan could be significantly reduced and, ultimately, may result in 
losses to the Covered Bondholders if such security is required to be enforced. 
No representations or warranties to be given by the Guarantor or the Sellers if Selected Assets and their related 
security interests are to be sold 
After the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to service of an Acceleration Notice, the 
Guarantor shall, if necessary to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, sell the Selected Assets and 
their related security interests included in the Cover Pool, subject to a right of pre emption granted to the relevant 
Seller pursuant to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. In respect of any sale of Selected Assets and their related security interests to third parties, however, 
the Guarantor will not provide any warranties or indemnities in respect of such Selected Assets and related 
security interests and there is no assurance that the relevant Seller would give or repeat any warranties or 
representations in respect of the Selected Assets and related security interests originally transferred by it or if it 
has not consented to the transfer of such warranties or representations. Any representations or warranties 
previously given by the relevant Seller in respect of the Mortgage Loans assigned in the Cover Pool may not 
have value for a third party purchaser if such Seller is then insolvent. Accordingly, there is a risk that the 
realisable value of the Selected Assets and related security interests could be adversely affected by the lack of 
representations and warranties which in turn could adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Claw-back of the sale of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans 
Assignments executed under Law 130 and the OBG Regulations are subject to claw-back on bankruptcy under 
article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law but only in the event that the declaration of bankruptcy of the relevant Seller 
is made within three months of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables) 
or, in cases where paragraph 1 of article 67 applies (e.g. if the payments made or the obligations assumed by 
the bankrupt party exceed, by more than one-fourth, the consideration received or promised), within six months 
of the covered bonds transaction (or of the purchase of the relevant Receivables). 
The Additional Sellers  
Any Additional Seller which may accede to the Programme will be Italian credit institutions belonging to the 
BPER Banking Group but separate legal entities from the Issuer. The Additional Sellers (if any) may be subject 
to insolvency proceedings under Italian law. Such event would not constitute an Issuer Event of Default in itself. 
An insolvency of any of the Additional Sellers may affect certain rights and obligations of the Guarantor, for 
example limiting the duty of the Guarantor to purchase assets from the relevant Additional Seller, or the ability 
of such Additional Seller to repurchase assets under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement, or to remedy 
breach of the Test on the Cover Pool. 
Default by borrowers in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans 
Borrowers may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The 
Mortgage Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic conditions, changes in tax laws, 
interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political developments 
and government policies. Certain factors may lead to an increase in default by the borrowers, and could 
ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, 
illness, divorce and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default and of bankruptcy on the part of 
borrowers, and could ultimately have an adverse impact on the ability of borrowers to repay the Mortgage

--- Page 76 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
76 
Loans. In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property given as security for a Mortgage Loan at a price 
sufficient to repay the amounts outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, 
including the availability of buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general 
at the time. 
The recovery of amounts due in relation to Non Performing Loans will be subject to the effectiveness of 
enforcement proceedings in respect of the Receivables arising under the Mortgage Loans which in Italy can 
take a considerable amount of time depending on the type of action required and where such action is taken and 
on several other factors, including the following: proceedings in certain courts involved in the enforcement of 
the Mortgage Loans and Mortgages may take longer than the national average; obtaining title deeds from land 
registries which are in process of computerising their records can take up to two or three years; further time is 
required if it is necessary to obtain an injunction decree (decreto ingiuntivo) and if the relevant debtor raises a 
defence to or counterclaim in the proceedings; and it takes an average of six to eight years from the time lawyers 
commence enforcement proceedings until the time an auction date is set for the forced sale of any real estate 
asset. 
Insurance coverage 
All Mortgage Loans provide that the relevant real estate assets must be covered by an insurance policy issued 
by leading insurance companies approved by the relevant Sellers against damages from fire, destruction and 
explosion (each an “Insurance Policy”). There can be no assurance that all risks that could affect the value of 
the real estate assets are or will be covered by the relevant Insurance Policy or that, if such risks are covered, 
the insured losses will be covered in full. Any loss incurred in relation to the real estate assets which is not 
covered (or which is not covered in full) by the relevant Insurance Policy could adversely affect the value of 
the real estate assets and the ability of the relevant Debtor to repay the relevant Mortgage Loan. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers 
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will have been originated 
in accordance with the applicable lending criteria at the time of origination. Each of the Mortgage Loans sold 
to the Guarantor by the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any), but originated by a person other than the Issuer 
and the Additional Sellers (if any) (an “Originator”), will have been originated in accordance with the lending 
criteria of such Originator at the time of origination. It is expected that the relevant Sellers’ or the relevant 
Originators’, as the case may be, lending criteria will generally consider the term of loan, the indemnity 
guarantee policies, the status of applicants and the credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any 
Mortgage Loans to the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) will warrant that (a) such 
Mortgage Loans as were originated by it were originated in accordance with such Seller’s lending criteria 
applicable at the time of origination and (b) such Mortgage Loans, if originated by an Originator, were 
originated in accordance with the relevant Originator’s lending criteria applicable at the time of origination. 
Each of the Issuer and the Additional Sellers (if any) retains the right to revise its lending criteria from time to 
time subject to the terms of the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and of the Servicing Agreement. An 
Originator may additionally revise its lending criteria at any time. However, if such lending criteria change in 
a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to increased defaults by 
borrowers and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the Guarantor to make 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, Non Performing Loans in the Cover Pool will be given 
a zero weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test. 
Legal risks relating to the Mortgage Loans 
The ability of the Guarantor to recover payments of interest and principal from the Mortgage Loans is subject 
to a number of legal risks. These include the risks set out below.

--- Page 77 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
77 
Set-off risks 
Pursuant to article 1248 of the Italian law civil code and Law 130, in the context of an assignment of monetary 
claims, notwithstanding the notification of the assignment to the debtor, the debtor retains the right to set-off 
any claims owed to him/her by the assigning creditor, provided that they arose prior to the notification date, 
against the amount due by him/her to the relevant owner, from time to time, of the assigned monetary claim. 
The debtors under the Mortgage Loans are entitled to exercise rights of set-off in respect of amounts due under 
any Mortgage Loan to the Guarantor against any amounts payable by the Issuer or, if the relevant Mortgage 
Loan was transferred by an Additional Seller, such relevant Additional Seller to the relevant Debtor which came 
into existence (were crediti esistenti) prior to the later of: (a) the publication of the notice of assignment in the 
Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana) and (b) the registration of such notice in 
the competent companies register.  
The assignment of receivables under Law 130 is governed by Article 58, paragraph 2, 3 and 4, of the Banking 
Act. According to the prevailing interpretation of such provision, such assignment becomes enforceable against 
the relevant Debtors as of the later of (a) the date of the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official 
Gazette of the Republic of Italy (Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana), and (b) the date of registration 
of the notice of assignment in the local Companies' Register. Consequently, the rights of the Guarantor may be 
subject to the direct rights of the borrowers against the relevant Seller or, as applicable the relevant originator, 
including rights of set-off on claims arising existing prior to notification in the Official Gazette and registration 
at the Companies' Register. Some of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool may have increased risks of set-off, 
because the relevant Seller or, as applicable, the relevant originator is required to make payments under them 
to the borrowers. In addition, the exercise of set-off rights by borrowers may adversely affect any sale proceeds 
of the Cover Pool and, ultimately, the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 145 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione Italia) as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 9 of 21 February 2014 (the “Destinazione Italia Decree”) introduced, inter alia, 
certain amendments to article 4 of Law 130. As a consequence of such amendments, it is now expressly provided 
by Law 130 that the Debtors cannot exercise rights of set-off against the Guarantor on claims arising vis-à-vis 
the Seller after the publication of the notice of assignment in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy 
(Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana). 
It should be noted, however, that the Asset Coverage Test seeks to take account of the potential set-off risk 
associated with borrowers holding deposits with the relevant Seller (although there is no assurance that all such 
risks will be accounted for). 
Usury Law 
The interest payments and other remuneration paid by the Borrowers under the Mortgage Loans are subject to 
Italian law No. 108 of 7 March 1996 (the “Usury Law”), which introduced legislation preventing lenders from 
applying interest rates equal to, or higher than, rates (the “Usury Rates”) set every three months on the basis 
of a decree issued by the Italian Treasury (the last such decree having been issued on 25 June 2020). In addition, 
even where the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other benefits and/or remuneration may 
be held to be usurious if: (a) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific 
situations of the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions); and (b) the person 
who paid or agreed to pay them was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, 
benefits or remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. 
The Italian Government, with law decree No. 394 of 29 December 2000 (the “Usury Law Decree” and, together 
with the Usury Law, the “Usury Regulations”), converted into law by law No. 24 of 28 February 2001, has 
established, inter alia, that interest is to be deemed usurious only if the interest rate agreed by the parties exceeds

--- Page 78 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
78 
the Usury Rate applicable at the time the relevant agreement is reached. The Usury Law Decree also provides 
that, as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional fall in interest rates in the years 1998 and 1999, interest 
rates due on instalments payable after 2 January 2001 on loans already entered into on the date on which the 
Usury Law Decree came into force (such date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted with a lower 
interest rate fixed in accordance with parameters determined by the Usury Law Decree. 
The Italian Constitutional Court has rejected, with decision No. 29/2002 (deposited on 25 February 2002), a 
constitutional exception raised by the Court of Benevento (2 January 2001) concerning article 1, paragraph 1, 
of the Usury Law Decree (now reflected in article 1, paragraph 1 of the above mentioned conversion law No. 
24 of 28 February 2001). In so doing, it has confirmed the constitutional validity of the provisions of the Usury 
Law Decree which hold that interest rates may be deemed to be void due to usury only if they infringe Usury 
Regulations at the time they are agreed between the borrower and the lender and not at the time such rates are 
actually paid by the borrower. 
Overturning the previous case-law on the matter, by decision No. 24675/2017 the United Chambers of the 
Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) has recently clarified that, for the purposes of Usury Law, the 
remuneration of any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate only at the time the terms of the 
financing were agreed. As a result, Usury Law would not be considered to be breached in case such a 
remuneration, originally lower than the applicable Usury Rate, exceeded a subsequently applicable Usury Rate 
at any point in time thereafter. 
Furthermore, according to applicable case-law, also default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into 
account when verifying the compliance with the Usury Law. However, recent court precedents clarified that the 
applicable default interest rate and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing must not 
be added together for the purposes of such verification. As a result, the default interest rate, on the one hand, 
and the items representing the remuneration of the relevant financing (cumulatively considered), on the other 
hand, must each be separately and independently compared with the applicable Usury Rate. 
Compounding of interest (anatocismo) 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian civil code, accrued interest in respect of a monetary claim or receivable 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months only (a) under an agreement subsequent to such 
accrual or (b) from the date when any legal proceedings are commenced in respect of that monetary claim or 
receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian civil code allows derogation from this provision in the event that there 
are recognised customary practices (usi) to the contrary. Banks and financial companies in the Republic of Italy 
have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be 
characterised as a customary practice (uso normativo). However, a number of recent judgments from Italian 
courts (including judgments from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) No. 2374/99, No. 
2593/2003, No. 21095/2004, No. 4094/2005, No. 10127/2005, No. 24418/2010, No. 24156/2017 and No. 
15148/2018) have held that such practices are not uso normativo and that the contractual clauses providing for 
the capitalisation of accrued interest on a three-monthly basis, if agreed before April 2000, shall be considered 
null and void. Consequently, if customers of the relevant Seller were to challenge this practice and such 
interpretation of the Italian civil code were to be upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy, there could 
be a negative effect on the returns generated from the Mortgage Loans.  
In this respect, it should be noted that article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Law No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 19 
February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the 
date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued 
interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the Comitato Interministeriale per il 
Credito e il Risparmio (“CICR”)  issued on 22 February 2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision

--- Page 79 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
79 
No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional Court has declared as unconstitutional under the 
provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior 
to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 17-bis of law decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into law No. 59 of 8 April 2016 
amended Article 120, paragraph 2, of the Banking Law, providing that interest shall not accrue on capitalised 
interest. Paragraph 2 of article 120 of the Banking Act also requires the CICRto establish the methods and 
criteria for the compounding of interest. Decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 of the CICR, implementing paragraph 
2 of Article 120 of the Banking Act, has been published in the Official Gazette no. 212 of 10 September 2016. 
As a result of such amendments, it is confirmed that, in the context of banking transactions, the debit interest 
(with the exception of default interest) can never bear further interest. 
Mortgage Credit Directive 
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements 
for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common 
framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States 
concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential 
immovable property. The Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014 and is required to be implemented in Member 
States by 21 March 2016. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive has been implemented in Italy by way of Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 
2016 (“Legislative Decree 72”). Legislative Decree 72 introduced into the Banking ACt, under Title VI, a new 
Chapter 1-bis in relation to consumer mortgage credit, including, inter alia, a new Article 120 quinquiesdecies, 
pursuant to which a consumer and an entity authorised to grant loans in a professional manner in the Republic 
of Italy who are parties to a mortgage credit agreement may expressly agree, subject to the provisions of article 
2744 of the Italian civil code, that, in case of non-payment of eighteen monthly instalments by the relevant 
debtor, the property of the debtor subject to security or the proceeds deriving from the sale thereof can be 
transferred to the creditor in discharge of all the outstanding obligations of the debtor vis-à-vis the creditor 
(even if the value of such property or the amount of such proceeds is lower than the residual debt). In the event 
that the value of the property of the debtor subject to security or amount of the proceeds deriving from the sale 
thereof is higher than the residual debt, the debtor will be entitled to receive the excess amount. The value of 
the property shall be determined by an independent expert chosen by the parties, or, if an agreement on the 
appointment of the expert is not reached between them, by the chairman of the competent court. 
The provisions introduced by the Legislative Decree 72 allow the automatic transfer of the property subject to 
security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding obligations. Provided

--- Page 80 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
80 
that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor of the relevant property, such new legislation 
is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant claims. 
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of 
Title VI of the Banking Act, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for consumer mortgage 
credit and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, on 30 September 
2016 the Bank of Italy has published an amended version of its regulations on transparency of banking and 
financial operations (Trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari. Correttezza delle relazioni 
tra intermediari e clienti). 
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of 
such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Mortgage borrower protection 
Certain legislation enacted in Italy, has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia: 
 
the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a penalty or, 
in respect of mortgage loan agreements entered into before 2 February 2007, at a reduced penalty rate 
(article 120-ter of the Italian Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree no. 141 of 13 August 
2010 as amended by Legislative Decree no. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
 
right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage loan with another mortgage loan and/or the right 
to request subrogation by an assignee bank into the rights of their creditors in accordance with article 
1202 (surrogazione per volontà del debitore) of the Civil Code, by eliminating the limits and costs 
previously borne by the borrowers for the exercise of such right (article 120-quater of the Italian 
Banking Act, introduced by Legislative Decree No. 141 of 13 August 2010 as amended by Legislative 
Decree No. 218 of 14 December 2010); 
 
the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under mortgage loans up to a 
maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months (Law No. 244 of 24 
December 2007, as subsequently implemented by the ministerial decree No. 132 of the Ministry of 
Treasury and Finance (Ministero dell’economia e delle finanze)); 
 
the right to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12-month 
period, where requested by the relevant debtor during the period from 1 June 2015 to 31 December 
2017 (Convention between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI and the consumers’ associations 
stipulated on 31 March 2015) (the “2015 Credit Agreement”). On 27 November 2017, ABI and the 
consumers’ associations, in order to provide continuity to the abovementioned measures, have agreed 
to extend the agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the Associazione Bancaria Italiana 
- ABI and the associations representing companies signed a new credit agreement (Accordo per il 
Credito 2019) providing for the introduction of some adjustments to the measures addressed to 
“Enterprises in Recovery", relating to the suspension and extension of loans to small and medium-
sized enterprises, provided for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the “2019 Italian Credit Agreement”). 
Additional measures connected with the Covid-19 outbreak were introduced on 6 March 2020 
through an addendum to the 2019 Italian Credit Agreement in order to extend the provisions contained 
therein to facilities outstanding as of 31 January 2020 granted in favour of otherwise sound companies 
negatively impacted by a temporary interruption/reduction of activity as a consequence of Covid-19. 
In addition to the above, following the Covid-19 outbreak in Italy, further measures have been adopted in 2020 
by the Italian Government and by the Associazione Bancaria Italiana - ABI, aimed at sustaining income of

--- Page 81 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
81 
employees, the self-employed, self-employed professionals, micro and small/medium entreprises, including 
suspension of instalments payment. Given the novelty of this new legislation, the impact of such new legislation 
may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans 
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 
126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans granted 
for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and 
the ABI (Italian Banking Association) entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the 
renegotiation of such floating rate mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated 
or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment 
due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The 
difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that 
the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a 
bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 IRS 
(interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, 
each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such bank 
account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank account 
will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the renegotiation, 
and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable on the bank 
account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed amount, on 
the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The Seller has adhered to the Convention sending to its clients a renegotiation proposal in accordance with the 
Convention. Borrowers eligible for the renegotiation who have received the renegotiation proposal can accept 
the proposal by way of a written notification to be sent not later than 28 November 2008 (the “Final Adhesion 
Term”). 
The renegotiation becomes effective on the third month following the date when such proposal has been 
accepted by the relevant client, with reference to the instalments which fall due after 1 January 2009.  
The pieces of legislation referred to in each paragraph under the section headed “Mortgage borrower 
protection” above may have an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections 
concerning the Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required in order to maintain the then current 
ratings of the Covered Bonds. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact.

--- Page 82 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
82 
Factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories 
1. Risks relating to the Covered Bonds; 
2. Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds; 
3. Risks relating to the market. 
1. Risks related to Covered Bonds  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors 
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
a) have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the merits 
and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or referred to in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
b) have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
c) have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where the 
currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
d) understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
e) be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk 
to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
Covered Bondholders are bound by Extraordinary Resolutions and Programme Resolution 
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): (a) waiving an Issuer Event of Default or a 
Guarantor Event of Default; (b) directing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve a Notice to 
Pay or an Acceleration Notice or otherwise instructing the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take 
enforcement action against the Guarantor and/or, subject to certain conditions, the Issuer; (c) cancelling, 
reducing or otherwise varying interest payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; (d) 
altering the priority of payments of interest on the Covered Bonds and of principal; (e) exchanging the Covered 
Bonds for other securities; and (e) any other amendments to the Transaction Documents. Certain resolutions 
are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions (such as a resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take any enforcement). Any Programme Resolution action must be passed at a single

--- Page 83 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
83 
meeting of the holders of all Covered Bonds of all Series then outstanding as set out in the Rules of the 
Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions as Schedule 1 and cannot be resolved upon at 
a meeting of Covered Bondholders of a single Series. A Programme Resolution taken by Covered Bondholders 
of all Series will be binding on all Covered Bondholders irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or 
voted in favour of the Programme Resolution.  
Any Extraordinary Resolution passed at a Meeting will bind each Covered Bondholder, irrespective of whether 
they attended the meeting or voted in favour of the Extraordinary Resolution. 
Pursuant to the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the Intercreditor Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent or sanction of any of the Covered 
Bondholders, concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making: 
a) any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any 
of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; or 
b) any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error or an 
error established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error 
which is proven or is necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with mandatory 
provisions of law; and 
c) any amendment or modification to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of 
complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the MEF Decree, the Law 130, 
the BoI Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
It shall also be noted that, after the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the protection and exercise of the Covered 
Bondholders’ rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in 
accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of an 
Acceleration Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders’ rights against the Guarantor and 
the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence proceedings 
against the Guarantor by conferring on the meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to determine in 
accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered Bondholder may 
commence any such individual actions. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders’ powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise such 
power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary

--- Page 84 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
84 
Resolution or by a direction in writing of such Covered Bondholders of at least 75 per cent. of the principal 
amount outstanding of Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations require that certain controls be performed by the Issuer (see the section headed “Selected 
aspects of Italian law – Controls over the transaction” below), aimed, inter alia, at mitigating the risk that any 
obligation of the Issuer or the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds is not complied with. Whilst the Issuer 
believes it has implemented the appropriate policies and controls in compliance with the relevant requirements, 
investors should note that there is no assurance that such compliance ensures that the aforesaid controls are 
actually performed and that any failure to properly implement the relevant policies and controls could have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s ability to perform their obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Limits to Integration 
Under the BoI Regulations, integration of the Cover Pool whether through Subsequent Receivables or through 
Integration Assets (the “Integration”), shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the 
limits, set out in the BoI Regulations (see the section headed “Selected aspects of Italian law – Tests set out in 
the MEF Decree” below). 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of (a) 
complying with the tests provided for under the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual over-
collateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements (such as the over-collateralisation 
requirements set out under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement in respect of the Asset Coverage Test); or 
(c) complying with the Integration Assets Limit. 
Investors should note that Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations 
and specified above. 
Base Prospectus to be read together with applicable Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds other than Registered Covered Bonds, the Conditions of the Covered Bonds 
included in this Base Prospectus apply to the different types of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds) which may be issued under the Programme. The full terms and conditions applicable to each 
Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) can be reviewed by reading the Conditions 
as set out in full in this Base Prospectus, which constitute the basis of all Covered Bonds (other than the 
Registered Covered Bonds) to be offered under the Programme, together with the applicable Final Terms which 
applies and/or disapplies and/or completes the Conditions of the Programme in the manner required to reflect 
the particular terms and conditions applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds (other than the Registered 
Covered Bonds).  
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time 
agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. 
Such legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Assignment Agreement, 
the related Registered Covered Bonds Rules Agreement and the letter of appointment of (i) any Registered 
Paying Agent in respect of the Registered Covered Bonds and (ii) the Registrar in respect of the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a 
different or additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of 
Registered Covered Bonds. 
Obligations to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds 
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu without

--- Page 85 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
85 
any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds 
will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. The Guarantor has 
no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service on 
the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. Failure by the Guarantor to pay amounts due under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee in respect of any Covered Bond would constitute a Guarantor Event of Default which would 
entitle the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to serve an Acceleration Notice and accelerate the 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee and entitle the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee. The occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default does not 
constitute a Guarantor Event of Default. 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arranger, the Dealers, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Transaction Documents or their 
officers, members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and the 
Guarantor. The Issuer and the Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referecing such “benchmarks” 
The London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other 
indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory 
guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to a “benchmark”. 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the 
contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU (which, for these purposes, 
include the United Kingdom). It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and 
(ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that 
are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a rate 
or index deemed to be a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among 
other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the “benchmark”. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
“benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
“benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the following 
effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute 
to such “benchmark”; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to 
the disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, the Financial Conduct Authority has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after

--- Page 86 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
86 
2021. On 5 March 2021, IBA, the administrator of LIBOR, published a statement confirming its intention to 
cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which this will occur, provided that the 
Financial Conduct Authority may exercise its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings with a different methodology. Concurrently, the Financial Conduct Authority published a statement on 
the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates on 
which IBA has indicated it will cease publication. The permanent will occur immediately after 31 December 
2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR 
settings and immediately afert 30th June 2023 for certain other USD LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining 
LIBOR settings, the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using its powers to require IBA 
to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after end-2021(end-June 2023 
in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement state that consequently, these LIBOR settings will 
no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended to measure immediately 
after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 
June 2021, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the Japanese Yen LIBOR 
settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. It is not possible to predict whether, and to what extent, 
panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator of LIBOR going forward. This 
may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past and may have other consequences which cannot 
be predicted. Other interbank offered rates such as EURIBOR (together with LIBOR, “IBORs”) suffer from 
similar weaknesses to LIBOR and as a result (although no deadline has been set for their discontinuation), they 
may be discontinued or be subject to changes in their administration. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and 
high level reccomendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicated amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to euro area financial systems.  
Investors should be aware that, if an IBOR or any originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Covered Bonds (each an “Original 
Reference Rate”) were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest on Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds which reference such Original Reference Rate will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to such Covered Bonds, as indicated in the Terms and Conditions.  
In particular, the Terms and Conditions provide for certain arrangements in case that the Original Reference 
Rate (including any page on which such Original Reference Rate may be published (or any successor service)) 
becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a Successor 
Reference Rate determined by the Issuer or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser or failing 
that, by the Issuer, and that such Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) by 
the application of an Adjustment Spread. The application of a Successor Reference Rate or an Alternative Rate 
or an Adjustment Spread may result in the relevant Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include 
payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the relevant Original Reference Rate were to continue 
to apply in its current form. If no Adjustment Spread is determined, a Successor Reference Rate or Alternative 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the rate of interest. In certain circumstances, the ultimate fallback 
of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based 
on the rate which was last used for the relevant Covered Bonds or last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. 
In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Reference Rates and Alternative 
Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as 
intended at the relevant time. If the Independent Adviser or, as applicable, the Issuer determines that 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds or to any other Transaction Document are

--- Page 87 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
87 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of any Successor Reference Rate or Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread or to comply with any applicable regulation or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related 
document issued by the competent regulatory authority, then such amendments shall be made without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as provided by 
Condition 5(j) (Fallback provisions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
Such provisions could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds referring the relevant Original Reference Rate. Any such consequences could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered Bonds. Moreover, any of the above matters or 
any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of 
the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Covered Bonds or could have a material adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Covered Bonds. Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Covered Bonds whose interest rate is linked to a "benchmark" since the 
rate of interest may be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Covered Bonds, without any 
requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
2. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series (in which case, they 
will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series (in which case, they will constitute a 
new Series). All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects 
and will share equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. If an Issuer 
Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default occur and result in acceleration, all Covered Bonds of all 
Series will accelerate at the same time. 
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common of such features. 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light 
of other investments available at that time. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
The Issuer may issue Covered Bonds which do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their 
nominal value or premium from their principal amount. Such Covered Bonds are characterised by the 
circumstance that the relevant covered bondholders, instead of benefiting from periodical interest payments, 
shall be granted an interest income consisting of the difference between the redemption price and the issue 
price, which difference shall reflect the market interest rate. A holder of a zero coupon covered bond is exposed

--- Page 88 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
88 
to the risk that the price of such covered bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate. Prices of 
zero coupon covered bonds are more volatile than prices of fixed rate covered bonds and are likely to respond 
to a greater degree to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing covered bonds with a similar maturity. 
Generally, the longer the remaining terms of such Covered Bonds, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Variable Rate Covered Bonds with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Covered Bonds with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps, floors or collars (or any combination of those features or other 
similar related features), their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not 
include those features. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Covered Bonds issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" and 
"Sustainability Bond"   
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Issuer’s intention to apply the net proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically for projects and 
activities that promote "green" purposes ("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Projects"), "social" purposes 
("Social Bonds" and "Eligible Social Projects") or a combination of "green" and "social" purposes 
("Sustainability Bonds" and "Eligible Sustainability Projects" and, together with the Eligible Green Projects 
and Eligible Social Projects, the "Eligible Projects").  
Prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of Proceeds"  and in 
the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of 
such information for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds together with any other investigation 
such investor deems necessary. 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as 
“green”, in the case of Green Bonds, “social”, in the case of Social Bonds, or “sustainable”, in the case of 
Sustainability Bonds, or be given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition 
or consensus will develop over time. The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through 
voluntary measures, such as by complying with the relevant set of principles published by the International 
Capital Market Association (“ICMA”), notably green bond principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social 
bond principles (the "Social Bond Principles") and sustainability bond principles (the "Sustainability Bond 
Principles", and together with the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, the " Principles"), or by 
obtaining an external review.  
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through 
transparency, disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible 
Projects and give other guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond. However, given a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of 
current market views and the ongoing development in the understanding of environmental and social issues and 
their consequences, a degree of uncertainty with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", "social"

--- Page 89 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
89 
or "sustainability", and as s result which bonds qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be 
inevitable. 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
- 
the use of such proceeds for any Eligible Projects will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply in accordance with any present or future 
applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or sustainability 
impact of any Eligible Projects); 
- 
any Eligible Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” or 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Projects. 
Moreover, where adverse impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the relevant Eligible Project may 
become controversial and may generate negative market opinion;  
- 
as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any external reviews (whether or not 
solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Covered Bonds and in particular with any Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, social and/or 
sustainability criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such external reviews, when made, shall not be 
deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus norshall be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Covered 
Bonds. Any such external review shall only be current as of its date. Prospective investors must 
determine for themselves the relevance of any such review and/or the information contained therein 
and/or the provider of such review for the purpose of any investment in such Covered Bonds. 
Currently, only some of the providers of such external reviews are subject to existing professional 
standards (professional accountants) and/or subject to regulatory regimes (regulated credit rating 
agencies), with the rest of the providers not being subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or 
oversight. 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing 
or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements 
as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to 
comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing 
rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social 
or sustainability impact of a relevant Eligible Project. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is 
any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any 
such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Covered Bonds. 
With reference to any Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that the proceeds will 
be used to finance or refinance Eligible Projects, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the net proceeds 
of any Covered Bonds in such a manner, there can be no assurance that the relevant projects will be capable of 
being implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for the specified Green, Social or Sustainability Projects.

--- Page 90 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
90 
Nor can there be any assurance that such Eligible Projects will be completed within any specified period or at 
all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an event of default under the Covered Bonds. Any 
failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Eligible Projects as aforesaid and/or 
withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
on and/or any Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities 
market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Covered Bonds and also potentially 
the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible Projects, and/or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a 
particular purpose. 
 
3. Risks related to the market  
Limited secondary market 
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there can 
be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. If an active or 
liquid secondary market develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide 
Bondholders with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a 
buyer to buy its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired 
yield. If, therefore, a market does develop, it may not be very liquid and investors may not be able to sell their 
Covered Bonds easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that 
have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for bonds that are especially sensitive to 
interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of bonds 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, 
in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices 
of such Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
its Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally 
be restricted by country-specific reasons. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (a) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Covered Bonds, (b) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds 
and (c) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal.

--- Page 91 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
91 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Ratings of the Covered Bonds 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. 
For Moody’s, the ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss that Covered Bondholders 
may suffer. 
The data and information for the explanation of the factors addressed by Moody’s have been sourced from 
Moody’s. Such data and information has been accurately reproduced and insofar as the Issuer is aware and is 
able to ascertain from information derived from a third party, no facts have been omitted which would render 
the information reproduced inaccurate or misleading. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds will be set out in the relevant Final Terms for each Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bond will be treated as having been issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union or in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. The credit ratings included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A., which is established in the 
European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation as set out in the list of credit rating agencies 
registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation published on the website of ESMA pursuant to the CRA 
Regulation 
(for 
more 
information 
please 
visit 
the 
ESMA 
webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the EU CRA Regulation from using credit ratings 
for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EU and registered or certified under the EU CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or 
suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration 
application is pending. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted under the UK CRA Regulation from 
using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered or certified under the UK CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the 
registration application is pending. Such general restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued 
by non-EU or non-UK credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU- or UK-
registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU or non-UK rating agency is certified in accordance with 
the CRA Regulations, as the case may be (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended). 
Any rating agency may lower, at any point in time, its rating or withdraw its rating if, inter alia, in the sole 
judgment of such rating agency, the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined. If any rating assigned to 
the Covered Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may be reduced. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structural, market and additional factors 
discussed above, and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency 
at any time. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors 
An investor’s total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may

--- Page 92 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
92 
charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds and custody 
services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to 
investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Automatic Exchange of Information  
EU member states are required to implement an automatic exchange of information as provided for by Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU as regards mandatory automatic exchange of 
information in the field of taxation (the “DAC”) effective as from 1 January 2016 (and in the case of Austria as 
from 1 January 2017). In this context, in order to eliminate an overlap with the DAC, Council Directive 
2003/48/EC (the “EU Savings Directive”) was repealed on 10 November 2015 by the Council of the European 
Union. The range of payments to be automatically reported under the DAC is broader than the scope of the 
automatic information previously foreseen by the EU Savings Directive. 
Investors should consult their professional tax advisers. 
Changes of law 
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds and the ratings which are to be assigned to them are based on 
the laws of the Republic of Italy (and, in the case of the Swap Agreement, certain provisions of the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the laws of 
England) in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact of any 
possible change to the laws of Italy or of England or administrative practice in the relevant jurisdictions after 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 
Law 130 was enacted in Italy in April 1999 and amended to allow for the issuance of covered bonds in 2005. 
Law 130 was further amended, inter alia, by law decree No. 143 of 23 December 2013 (Decreto Destinazione 
Italia), as converted with amendments into law No. 9 of 21 February 2014, and law decree No. 91 of 24 June 
2014 (Decreto Competitività), as converted with amendments into law No. 116 of 11 August 2014, which have 
introduced certain amendments to the Law 130. Additional amendments have been provided as at the date 
hereof to the Law 130 in the last years and such law. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of Law 130 as it relates to covered 
bonds has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority, except for (a) the MEF 
Decree setting out the technical requirements of the guarantee which may be given in respect of covered bonds 
and (b) the BoI Regulations concerning guidelines on the valuation of assets, the procedure for purchasing 
integration assets and controls required to ensure compliance with the legislation. Consequently, it is possible 
that such or different authorities may issue further regulations relating to Law 130 or the interpretation thereof, 
the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding 
Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act of 2010 (“FATCA”), the Issuer and other non-U.S. 
financial institutions through which payments on the Covered Bonds are made may be required to withhold 
U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent. on all, or a portion of, payments made after 31 December 2018 in respect of (i) 
any Covered Bonds issued or materially modified on or after the date that is six months after the date on which 
the final regulations applicable to “foreign passthru payments” are filed in the Federal Register and (ii) any 
Covered Bonds that are treated as equity for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever issued. Under existing 
guidance, this withholding tax may be triggered on payments on the Covered Bonds if (i) the Issuer is a foreign 
financial institution (“FFI”) (as defined in FATCA, including any accompanying U.S. regulations or guidance) 
which enters into and complies with an agreement with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to provide

--- Page 93 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
93 
certain information on its account holders (making the Issuer a “Participating FFI”), (ii) the Issuer is required 
to withhold on “foreign passthru payments”, and (iii)(a) an investor does not provide information sufficient for 
the relevant Participating FFI to determine whether the investor is subject to withholding under FATCA, or (b) 
any FFI to or through which payment on such Covered Bonds is made is not a Participating FFI or otherwise 
exempt from FATCA withholding. 
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 (the “US-Italy IGA”), ratified by way 
of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015 and 
implemented by the relevant Ministerial Decree of 7 August 2015. The Issuer is now required to report certain 
information in relation to its U.S. account holders to the Italian Tax Authorities in order (i) to obtain an 
exemption from FATCA withholding on payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with any applicable Italian 
law. If the Issuer is treated as a “Reporting FI” pursuant to the U.S.-Italy IGA it does not anticipate that it will 
be obliged to deduct any FATCA withholding on payments it makes with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
However, it is not yet certain how the United States and Italy will address withholding on “foreign passthru 
payments” (which may include payments on the Covered Bonds) or if such withholding will be required at all. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments on the Covered Bonds as a result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, the Guarantor, any paying agent or 
any other person would, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds, be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive amounts that 
are less than expected. 
 
EACH HOLDER OF COVERED BONDS SHOULD CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER TO OBTAIN 
A MORE DETAILED EXPLANATION OF FATCA AND TO LEARN HOW FATCA MIGHT AFFECT 
EACH HOLDER IN ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCE. 
The Issuer and the Guarantor believe that the risks described above are the main risks inherent in the holding 
of Covered Bonds of any Series issued under the Programme but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to 
pay interest or repay principal on the Covered Bonds of any Series may occur for other reasons and the Issuer 
and the Guarantor do not represent that the above statements of the risks of holding Covered Bonds are 
exhaustive. While the various structural elements described in this Base Prospectus are intended to lessen some 
of the risks for holders of Covered Bonds of any Series, there can be no assurance that these measures will be 
sufficient or effective to ensure payment to the holders of Covered Bonds of any Series of interest or principal 
on such Covered Bonds on a timely basis or at all.

--- Page 94 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
94 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents 
shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained 
in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this 
Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as 
so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus.  
1. 
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-
6f1b-4812-4a03-38866f41e523?version=1.1&t=1612867834684&download=true  
2. 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/By+Law_Estense+Covered+Bond.pdf/4
1477f2f-6d0a-e470-7b28-88ba14c22e8f?version=1.0&t=1578564977104&download=true 
3. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2021.pdf/7405e06c-47f3-b30f-2bf3-
cf209ef777d8?version=1.2&t=1635163443876&download=true  
4. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2021, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/1357214240/CONSOLIDATED+INTERIM+REPO
RT+ON+OPERATIONS+AS+AT+31+MARCH+2021.pdf/ebacf890-3456-1b0a-0ef9-
d12051e71acb?version=1.2&t=1635163555601&download=true 
5. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Annual+Report+2020.pdf/f0e85ff0-
18fa-9be9-ba0e-39f5740daea8?version=1.2&t=1635163733957&download=true 
6. 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020, 
that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/741663342/Consolidated+half-
year+report+as+at+30+June+2020.pdf/e9e0cae3-4670-7f7e-94b8-
c211dc7423c4?version=1.2&t=1635195751702&download=true 
7. 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/380110656/Annual+Report+2019.pdf/b8a138e9-
9368-0fc5-c209-63c59d4a7ad1?version=1.1&t=1635202025756&download=true

--- Page 95 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
95 
8. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/Estense+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2019++with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/2d5432ea-f32b-eb37-7801-
8c0238dd6b8d?version=1.1&t=1595947342441&download=true 
9. 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/133965844/Estense+Covered+Bond+-
+FY+2020+with+Auditor+Opinion.pdf/72ae9152-146b-90d2-0a38-
4f02773d64c1?version=1.0&t=1620041035422&download=true 
and 
10. 
BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report on operations 
as at 30 September 2021”, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/0/21.11.05_BPER_9M21_results+l.pdf/3a2bed1d-
3219-a83a-6e51-4aebf45e9544?t=1636130873969 
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(ii) the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; (iii) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021; (iv) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim 
report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021; (v) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles 
in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; (vi) the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report 
(including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; (vii) the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2019; (viii) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including 
the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 
31 December 2020; (ix) the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
and (x) the BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report 
on operations as at 30 September 2021”. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/). This Base Prospectus and the 
documents incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s web site 
(www.bourse.lu).

--- Page 96 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
96 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered 
elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Comparative Table of Documents incorporated by reference 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document  
All 
Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) 
Entire document 
All 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) 
as at 30 June 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 91 to 92 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 93 to 94 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 96 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 97 to 98 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 99 to 261 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Pages 267 to 268 
(reference is to 
the pages of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim 
report on operations (without a review 
report) as at 31 March 2021 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 67 to 68 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Pages 69 to 70 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 71 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 72 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 73 to 174 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto

--- Page 97 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
97 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
and the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2020 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 105 to 106 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 107 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 108 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 109 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 113 to 469 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 475 to 487 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including limited review report) 
as at 30 June 2020 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 103 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 104 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 105 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 106 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 107 to 108 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 109 to 245 
 
Independent auditors’ report 
Page 251 
(reference is to 
the page of the 
pdf version) 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual 
financial 
statements, 
including 
the 
auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in

--- Page 98 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
98 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2019 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Pages 110 to 111 
 
Consolidated income statement  
Page 112 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 113 
 
Consolidated statement of 
changes in shareholders’ equity 
Page 114 
 
Consolidated statement of cash 
flows  
Pages 115 to 116 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes 
and attachments 
Pages 117 to 466 
 
Independent auditors’ report  
Pages 471 to 480 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ 
report thereon, notes thereto and the 
relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 
December 2020 
 
 
 
Balance sheet 
Page 13 
 
Income statement 
Page 14 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
Page 15 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Cash flow statement 
Pages 18 to 19 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 20 to 73 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 74 to 76 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Guarantor’s audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors’ report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2019

--- Page 99 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
99 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Balance sheet  
Page 13 
 
Income statement  
Page 13 
 
Statement of comprehensive 
income 
Page 14 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
Page 15 
 
Statement of cash flows 
Pages 16 to 17 
 
Explanatory notes 
Pages 18 to 35 
 
Independent auditor’s report 
Pages 71 to 73 
(reference is to 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
BPER Group press release dated 5 
November 2021 entitled “Consolidated 
interim report on operations as at 30 
September 2021” 
General considerations  
Page 1 
 
Consolidated income statement 
key figures 
Pages 3 to 4  
 
Consolidated balance sheet key 
figures 
Pages 4 to 5 
 
Capital ratios 
Page 6 
 
Structure highlights as at 30 
September 2021 
Page 6 
 
Outlook for operations 
Page 6 
 
Reclassified financial 
statements as at 30 September 
2021 
Page 9 
 
Reclassified consolidated 
balance sheet as at 30 
September 2021 
Page 10 
 
Reclassified consolidated 
income statement as at 30 
September 2021 
Page 11 
 
Reclassified consolidated 
income statement by quarter as 
at 30 September 2021 
Page 12 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 
30 September 2021 
Pages 13 to 14

--- Page 100 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
100 
Document  
Information incorporated  
Page numbers  
 
Consolidated income statement 
as at 30 September 2021 
Page 15 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 16 
 
Alternative Performance Measures  
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified 
several alternative performance measures (“APM”). The management believes that these APMs provide useful 
information for investors as regards the financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, 
because they facilitate the identification of significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base 
Prospectus contains alternative performance measures as defined by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (ESMA/2015/1415), which are used by the 
management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2021, 31 March 2021, 31 December 2020, 30 June 2020 and 31 December 
2019.  
It should be noted that:  
(i) 
the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of 
the future performance;  
(ii) the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements 
of BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or liquidity 
under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in accordance with 
IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021, the 
Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2021, the 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s unaudited 
consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020 and Issuer’s consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019;  
(v) since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER 
Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance should 
not be placed on these data; 
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included. 
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered as not incorporated by 
reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus. 
The information contained in the documents that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered 
as additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Regulation 2019/980.

--- Page 101 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
101 
The Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021 has 
been subject to limited review by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in its capacity as independent auditor 
of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon. 
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated 
in its reports thereon. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 have been audited by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Guarantor, as indicated in its 
reports thereon. 
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy, and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. 
The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by 
reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent 
auditors of the Issuer, Deloitte. The Guarantor takes responsibility for the translation of the balance sheets, 
statements of income and notes of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by reference herein, 
whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent auditors of the 
Guarantor, Deloitte. 
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the Issuer 
and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included. 
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the 
International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union 
under Regulation (EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained from the registered office of the 
Issuer on the Issuer’s website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/) or at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus 
supplement as required by Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealer(s) that, 
if at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Covered Bonds and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary 
for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and the Guarantor, and the rights attaching to the Covered

--- Page 102 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
102 
Bonds, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus 
for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Covered Bonds and shall supply to each Dealer such 
number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 103 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
103 
STRUCTURE DIAGRAM 
The following structure diagram does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words 
and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same meanings in this structure diagram. 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
     
   
 
 
 
 
Estense Covered  
Bond s.r.l. (Guarantor) 
Asset monitor 
Mortgage Pool  
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
Covered  Bond  
Swap Counterparty 
(if any) 
Covered Bond 
     Issuance  
     Proceeds 
Covered Bond  
      Issuance 
    & Coupon  
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Subordinated Loan 
     Repayments of  
Subordinated Loan 
Cover Pool Purchase Price 
Transfer of Cover Pool 
OBG 
           Covered 
    Bondholders

--- Page 104 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
104 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER AND INITIAL SELLER 
 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (“BPER”, “BPER 
Banca” or the “Parent Company”) is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), 
operating in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company 
of the BPER Banca banking Group (the “BPER Group” or the “BPER Banca Group”), which was incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its By-laws, its final term ends 
on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. BPER officially entered in the Bank of Italy’s registers of banking 
groups on 7 August 1992 (Group No. 5387.6). The change of denomination from Banca popolare dell’Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders’ 
Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER’s registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER 
is registered in the Bank of Italy’s register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce 
of Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid up share capital of BPER as at the Issue Date was Euro 2,100,435,182.40 divided into 
1,413,263,512 shares.  
BPER Group’s website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on November 2022). 
Since June 2009, following the inclusion of the Expandi market within the main market (MTA), which was 
implemented by Borsa Italiana S.p.A. as part of the broader rationalisation of Italy’s financial markets, BPER’s 
shares have been listed in the “Blue Chip” segment of the MTA (comprising the 72 largest companies 
measured by capitalisation). As of the date when the “Blue Chip” segment was substituted by the FTSE MIB 
BPER’s shares have been included in this stock market index. 
In September 2009, BPER’s shares were included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600, a major European index. This 
index is used as a benchmark by numerous European funds and is the underlying benchmark for futures 
contracts traded on the Frankfurt derivatives exchange.  
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena, a mutual company, whose 
founding objective was the financing of artisan and local business activities. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell’Emilia. In January 1992, the BPER acquired 
Banca Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna”), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. (“Banca CRV”), consolidating 
its presence in Emilia Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of 
Banca Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. (“BPLS”) and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. (“Banca 
Popolare del Materano”), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Crotone”). 
In 1996, BPER and Banca Popolare di Ravenna set up Banca Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna (Europe) 
International S.A., successively named BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a., whose headquarters are located in 
Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private banking, investment management and corporate 
banking services. The private banking and investment management services are offered to international 
clients, including a wide array of specialized and tailor made services, such as investment advice and

--- Page 105 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
105 
discretionary portfolio management. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share 
capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.. 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged 
to form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare del 
Mezzogiorno”). Prior to the 2008 merger, BPER acquired, through Banca Popolare del Materano, three small 
banks located in the South of Italy, notably, Banca Popolare della Val d’Agri S.p.A. and Banca Popolare del 
Sinni S.p.A. (both of which merged with Banca Popolare del Materano in 2000 and 2001, respectively) and 
Banca Popolare di Castrovillari e Corigliano Calabro S.p.A. which, in 2002, was merged by incorporation with 
Banca Popolare di Crotone. 
In 1998, BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A., which merged with Banca della 
Campania S.p.A. (“Banca della Campania”) on 28 December 2006. At the end of 1998, BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. (“BPA”). The acquisition, 
in 1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare di Salerno”), Cassa di Risparmio dell’Aquila 
S.p.A. (“Carispaq”) and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia S.p.A. (“Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia”) 
resulted in BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001, BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one 
of the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and 
more than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell’Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form 
the banking entity Banca della Campania. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. by purchasing the remaining shares from 
Banche Popolari Unite S.c.p.A.. BPER and Banco di Sardegna resolved to commence the merger by 
incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A.. Sardaleasing S.p.A. is a company operating in 
all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region, originally owned by Banco di Sardegna, 
BPER and other minority shareholders. The merger was successfully completed in June 2014 and in the same 
month BPER acquired direct control of the company. 
In 2005, BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. 
In November 2005, BPER increased its shareholding in Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. to 94.49 per cent. 
In 2005, BPER – through an investment in a holding company (Finbanche d’Abruzzo S.p.A.) – indirectly 
increased its equity interest in both Carispaq and BPLS. 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. (“Arca Vita”). 
At the end of 2008, the BPER acquired 36 branches from three banks part of the Unicredito Italiano banking 
group (Banco di Sicilia S.p.A., BIPOP Carire S.p.A. and Banca di Roma S.p.A.). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a 
result, BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. (“BNT”), a bank 
specialised in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which 
specialises in non-life insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group’s insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such 
reorganisation, the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal 
shares among the four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in 
accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the

--- Page 106 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
106 
existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted 
and/or held by BNT. 
The notes, issued by the SPV in a single tranche, were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially 
in proportion to their respective interests. 
In June 2010, BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. (“BPS”) transferred control over Arca Vita to 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. (“Unipol Group”). 
In 2009, the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. (“Banca 
Italease”). The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. 
(“Release”) and Alba Leasing S.p.A. (“Alba Leasing”). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of 
Banca Italease were contributed to these companies, in particular, its impaired assets went to Release, while 
its performing loans deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In July 2010, the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV into BPER, its parent company, was approved. 
On 17 February 2012, BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of 
the company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on 
trust matters. The company commenced business in the early 2013.  
In November 2012 it took place the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER. 
In January 2013, BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, 
BPLS and BPA (hereinafter, the “Merged Companies”) into BPER. Having successfully concluded the merger 
of the Merged Companies, an equally important effort was made in 2014 to implement a major project of 
internal reorganisation, notably, the absorption of three subsidiary banks (Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, 
Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna) by BPER. 
In February 2013, BPER completed process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. (“CR 
Bra”). As a result, CR Bra was included within the scope of Group’s consolidation. 
A new company, part of the BPER Group, was set up in December 2015 – BPER Credit Management s.cons.p.a. 
– in order to review the model for handling non-performing loans. The corporate purpose of the company is 
“the recovery and management of non-performing loans and any other operations designed to facilitate their 
disposal and/or collection”, became operative since January 2016. 
In 2016, BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. (“Banca di Sassari”) – originally 
a subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. (“Banco di Sardegna”) – transferring 55 branches from 
Banca di Sassari to Banco di Sardegna with the view to allowing Banca di Sassari to focus on consumer credit 
lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca di Sassari changed its name to 
Bibanca S.p.A (“Bibanca”). 
In October 2016, BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. (“CR 
Saluzzo”), thus increasing its shareholding from 31.02% to 80%. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo 
into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
On 30 June 2017, BPER completed the acquisition of 100% of the share capital of Nuova Cassa di Risparmio 
di Ferrara S.p.A. (“Nuova Carife”) from the Single Resolution Fund. 
In November 2017, the merger through absorption of Nuova Carife into BPER took place, with accounting 
and tax effects having been backdated as of July 2017. 
BPER Group's Non Performing Exposure Strategy for the period 2018-2020 provided for the sale of bad loans 
at a Group level for a total gross book value of between Euro 3.5 and Euro 4.5 billion over 3 years, of which

--- Page 107 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
107 
approximately Euro 3.0 billion through two securitisation transactions (“4Mori Sardegna” and “AQUI”) 
were finalised within 2018. 
The Board of Directors of BPER approved the Group's NPE Strategy on the 2019-2021 horizon, which took 
into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the SREP Decision 2018. 
In March 2021 BPER Banca approved the new NPE Strategy 2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version, which is 
currently undergoing further revision. 
On 7 July 2020, the Group completed the sale, to an institutional investor, of 95% of the mezzanine and junior 
tranches of securities issued as part of the Spring bad loan securitisation, with a gross book value of € 1.2 
billion as at 30 September 2019 (“Spring”). 
In December 2020 BPER Banca completed a new securitisation of a bad loan portfolio (“Summer”).  In detail, 
BPER Banca and Banco di Sardegna sold a portfolio of bad loans for a gross book value of € 270.8 million at 
the reference date of 31 July 2020. In exchange for the sale, the relevant vehicle issued three different classes 
of securities for a total of € 96.4 million. In April the GACS state guarantee was granted in relation to the 
Summer senior securities, the nominal value of which was originally equal to Euro 85.4 million. 
In the first half of 2021, the BPER Group prepared and partially executed several sales, mostly of "portfolios", 
involving positions classified as “Unlikely-ToPay” (“UTP”), to investors and mutual funds specialised in 
credit recovery management, for a gross value (receivable) of around Euro 510 million. 
The first of the transactions involved the transfer of a loan portfolio, carried out in the first half of March 2021, 
to the Efesto Fund, active in the acquisition and management of UTP and managed by Finanziaria 
Internazionale Investments SGR with the help of Italfondiario s.p.a. (a doValue group company) as exclusive 
servicer, for a gross book value of approximately Euro 122 million. 
At the beginning of April 2021, a second sale of a further UTP portfolio was finalised, following a competitive 
process known as the "Project Winter", which saw the participation of the main market operators. It involved 
the sale of a portfolio of loans with a gross value of around Euro 248 million by BPER Banca and Banco di 
Sardegna to Intrum and Deva Capital. 
A third sale transaction was carried out in May 2021, through the contribution by BPER of a portfolio of 
secured UTPs with a gross value of around Euro 52 million to the "Back2Bonis" fund managed by Prelios 
SGR. 
A fourth transaction, involving the sale of a portfolio of corporate receivables classified as UTP, for a gross 
value of approximately € 41.3 million, was finalised in the second quarter, through the contribution of these 
receivables to the specialised investment fund known as the "iCCT Fund" and managed by Illimity SGR, with 
the simultaneous subscription of the related units issued by the same fund. 
The second quarter also saw the completion of a massive UTP sale involving "small ticket" positions, which 
involved a "portfolio" of over 3,000 debtors with a gross value of €2.2 million, as well as single name sales in 
the corporate segment for a further €4 million. 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP loans to specialised investors was finalised, 
for a gross value of €41 million, in addition to those already commented on above. 
On 23 July 2021, the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) with 
a gross value of Euro 82.5 million to a professional investor against payment in cash (the "Mandalorian" 
transaction) was finalised. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally commenced (by means of a legal transfer to an SPV) the activities 
aimed at a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 2021 by 
means of a securitisation transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements to be 
assisted by GACS.

--- Page 108 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
108 
On 22 July 2019, BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. in LCA and Veneto Banca S.p.A. in 
LCA, for a total of 39.99% of the share capital of Arca Holding, which in turn holds all the shares of Arca 
Fondi SGR. 
On 25 July 2019, BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital 
and a stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds 100% 
of the ordinary share capital and, approximately, 91.18% of the preferred shares. 
On 31 July 2019, BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. (“Unipol Banca”) from Unipol Group S.p.A. 
and UnipolSai Assicurazioni S.p.A. (“UnipolSai”). 
From 25 November 2019, the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER was 
effective. Therefore, from such date assets and liabilities of Unipol Banca were taken over by BPER. 
On 17 February 2020, BPER announced it entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group (“ISP”) 
pursuant to which, upon completion of the voluntary public exchange offer launched by the same ISP on the 
entire share capital of UBI Banca S.p.A. (“UBI”), BPER will purchase a going concern composed of 
approximately 1.2 million clients distributed on 400/500 banking branches, prevailingly located in the 
northern Italy, and of assets, liabilities and other legal relationships referable to such clients. 
On 19 March, 15 June and 5 August 2020 BPER announced subsequent and supplementary agreements aiming 
at defining more precisely the perimeter of the going concern to be acquired. 
On 7 August 2020 the Italian Competition Authority announced that it authorised the acquisition by BPER of 
a going concern from ISP consisting of 532 branches and related legal relationships. 
On 3 September 2020, BPER announced that it received the authorisation from the European Central Bank for 
the acquisition from ISP of the going concern. 
On 22 April 2020, BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders’ meeting approved, inter alia, separate and 
consolidated financial statement for 2019 and the proposal to grant the Board of Directors the power to 
increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 billion in order to fund the 
announced transaction with ISP. 
On 19 February 2021 BPER announced that final contracts were signed for the purchase from ISP of a series 
of banking assets split into three business units consisting of 486 branches and 134 operational units. The 
geographical distribution of the branches and operational units shows a high concentration in Northern Italy, 
particularly in Lombardy. 
The transfer to BPER Banca of the business units of UBI and UBISS s.c.p.a. took effect for legal purposes on 
22 February 2021, while the transfer of ISP business unit took effect on 21 June 2021.  
The total consideration paid to ISP for the series of banking assets including the three business units acquired 
was approximately € 644 million. The Common Equity Tier 1 of the business unit was equal to € 1,611 million. 
 
Strategy 
2019-2021 Business Plan 
On 28 February 2019, the BPER Group approved and presented to the market its three-year development 
plan, known as the “BPER 2021 Strategic Plan” (the “Plan”). These forecasts were then updated by later 
market communications, including: (i) the announcement of the agreement with ISP for the acquisition of a 
business complex represented by branches of the former-UBI on 17 February 2020 and (ii) the subsequent 
supplementary agreements, which defined more precisely the perimeter of the business complex and revised 
the mechanism for calculating its price. 
The Plan is divided into three pillars:

--- Page 109 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
109 
 
growth and development of the business with a particular focus on Bancassurance, Wealth 
Management and Business Global Advisory, as well as Consumer Credit; 
 
strong increase in operational efficiency and simplification; and 
 
acceleration of de-risking and further capital strengthening. 
The emergency associated with the Covid-19 pandemic and the consequent significant change in the current 
and future macroeconomic context has also had a substantial effect on the economic and financial dynamics 
of the BPER Group that were originally envisaged in the Plan. 
Without prejudice to the strategic directions embodied in the Plan, which are confirmed, BPER started 
working in April 2020 on updating the forecasts by simulating alternatives for the growth prospects of the 
BPER Group. The Board of Directors of BPER has recognised both the substantial alteration of market 
prospects, due to the major change in the macroeconomic context caused by the emergency, and the latest 
forecasts for interest rates that show them in negative territory for an extended period, rather than making 
the recovery envisaged in the original Plan.  
Given this, the Board approved the updated financial forecasts for 2020-2021 of the BPER Group on 5 August 
2020. This update also takes appropriate account of the change in the macroeconomic situation, the change in 
scope following the aggregation of Arca Holding – not envisaged in the original Plan – as well as the 
acquisition of the business complex according to the agreement with ISP and the related increase in capital, 
which for obvious reasons were not planned either. 
Below there is a summary of the main extraordinary transactions envisaged in the Plan and already carried 
out at the date of these Base Prospectus. 
- 
absorption of the BPER Services consortium by BPER Banca; 
- 
acquisition from the Unipol Group of 100% of Unipol Banca (and therefore, indirectly, of Finitalia) 
and its subsequent absorption by BPER Banca; 
- 
disposal to the Unipol Group, at the same time, of a portfolio of bad loans totalling about Euro 1 
billion; 
- 
significant reduction in the Group's minorities by purchasing the minority interests in Banco di 
Sardegna; 
- 
a further interest in Arca Holding (and therefore, indirectly, in Arca Fondi SGR); 
- 
absorption of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo by BPER Banca. 
Evolution of the operating machine and organisational simplification 
The Plan focuses strongly on cost containment, to be achieved through rationalisation and simplification of 
the distribution model, corporate structure and internal processes, as well as by optimising the size of the 
workforce and reducing organisational complexity. Finally, further cost synergies are envisaged by creating 
a centre to specialise in the real estate sector (“Active Real Estate Management”). 
This took and will take place through: 
- 
evolution of the distribution model, reorganising the territorial footprint and introducing new branch 
formats; 
- 
rationalisation and simplification of the Group's corporate structure by BPER absorbing Unipol 
Banca, as was done in November 2019, and Cassa di Risparmio di Bra and Cassa di Risparmio di 
Saluzzo, as was done in July 2020, creating a complete range of product companies, strengthening the 
consumer credit company;

--- Page 110 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
110 
- 
the optimisation of operations and the continuous IT evolution with the aim of increasing process 
productivity through the dematerialisation and creation of control and governance tools, the 
activation of robotics systems and Artificial Intelligence, extension of the use of cloud technologies to 
promote commercial effectiveness and operational efficiency; and 
- 
staff reduction of 1,300 resources by 2021; 
- 
the above mentioned transaction with ISP. 
It should be noted that 2021 is the last year of the Plan. After the new Board of Directors and the Managing 
Director took office, the preparatory activities for the business plan, which will guide the activities of the 
BPER Group for the next three years, were started. Approval of the new plan is expected between the end of 
2021 and the first few months of 2022.  
Acceleration of de-risking, confirming maximum capital solidity 
The de-risking process, already undertaken by BPER in recent years, is expected to be further strengthened 
thanks to the introduction of new credit management processes, with particular focus on the continuation of 
activities aimed at reducing non-performing loans. In addition to the evolution of the credit management 
process, both in the underwriting phase and in the proactive management of ordinary loans at the first signs 
of anomaly (also through the anticipated use of forbearance) and recovery of non-performing loans (efficiency 
of the work-out and outsourcing process). 
The strategic directions identified in the Plan include objectives for reducing the portfolio of non-performing 
loans; as already mentioned, this strategic objective, pursued with determination by the Group in recent years, 
has most likely been affected by the economic crisis caused by the Covid-19 pandemic. 
In this regard, as mentioned in the previous paragraphs, in March 2021 BPER approved the new NPE Strategy 
2021-2023 in a "stand-alone" version, a document required annually by the ECB, which is currently 
undergoing further revision, with a significant improvement in targets. 
 
Operations to strengthen capital and capital management actions 
In July 2019, as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna as described here above, BPER Board 
of Directors, on the basis of the power granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting held on 4 July 
2019, resolved upon a capital increase for 33,000,000 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. Consequently, since 
25 July 2019 the share capital of BPER was Euro 1,542,925,305.00 divided into 514,308,435 shares. On the same 
date, again as a consequence of BPER acquisition of Banco di Sardegna, BPER issued an "Additional Tier 1" 
convertible bond for a nominal amount of Euro 150,000,000, which was simultaneously and entirely 
subscribed for a total price of Euro 180,000,000. 
On 7 November 2019 the Board of Directors of BPER, in the context of the resolutions concerning the 
voluntary public exchange offer on the saving shares of Banco di Sardegna, resolved to exercise the powers 
granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting held on 4 July 2019, concerning a capital increase against 
payment, in divisible form, to service such offer. The Board of Directors resolved upon a capital increase for 
a maximum of 7,883,368 newly issued BPER ordinary shares. 
On 20 December 2019 BPER announced that 6,319,513 BPER ordinary shares were issued the day before as a 
result of  the capital increase in order to serve the above offer. Consequently, since 19 December 2019 the 
share capital of BPER was Euro 1,561,883,844.00 divided into 520,627,948 shares. 
On 30 July 2020 Banco di Sardegna Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting and Banco di Sardegna Special 
Saving and Preferred Shareholders Meeting were held. As a result, inter alia, the conversion of Banco di 
Sardegna saving shares into preferred shares was approved. Once the process was completed, the relevant

--- Page 111 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
111 
Banco di Sardegna Articles of Association was duly updated and the full delisting of Banco di Sardegna 
saving shares duly followed. 
On 27 July 2020 BPER announced that the deed of the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo 
into BPER Banca was effective as of the same day. 
As a result of CR Bra’s absorption, the share capital of the BPER increased by Euro 3,712,500 through the issue 
of 1,237,500 BPER common shares, by simultaneously amending Article 5 of the Articles of Association. No 
effect on BPER's share capital derived from the incorporation of CR Saluzzo as it was fully owned. 
The above mentioned right issue approved in order to fund the transaction with ISP was successfully 
completed on October 2020: 891.398.064 new common shares offered were fully subscribed for an amount of 
Euro 802,258,257.60. Consequently, since 28 October 2020 the share capital of BPER is Euro 2,100,435,182.40 
divided into 1,413,263,512 shares. 
A Tier 2 subordinated bond was issued under this EMTN programme in November 2020 for a total aggregate 
amount of Euro 400 million. The bond has a maturity of 10 years and gives the issuer a call option for its early 
redemption 5 years after the issue date. The bond pays a fixed coupon of 3.625% for the first 5 years, with a 
subsequent reset for any residual maturity. The issue was placed entirely with institutional investors. 
Following the relevant ECB authorization, BPER exercised the call option on the subordinated bond "Banca 
Popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Subordinato Tier II 4.25% 15/06/2015 - 15/06/2025 Callable", with consequent 
early redemption of the aforementioned bond at par. The bond was repaid in advance of the deadline of 15 
June 2025 and the resulting amount was credited with a value date of 15 December 2020. 
 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 June 2021 is as shown here below.  
SITUATION AS AT 30/06/2021

--- Page 112 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
112 
SITUATION AS AT 30/06/2021 
 
 
 
 
 
a) Equivalent to 99.180% of the entire Share Capital consisting of 
ordinary and preference shares. 
 
b) The following Companies are also shareholders of BPER 
Credit Management S.C.p.A.: 
- Sardaleasing S.p.A. (6.000%); 
- Bibanca S.p.A. (3.000%); 
- Emilia Romagna Factor S.p.A. (1.000%). 
c) Subsidiary companies consolidated under the equity method. 
d) Subsidiary company which is not member of the banking group 
since it does not contribute directly to its activities. 
Finitalia S.p.A. 
100,000% 
BPER Bank 
Luxembourg S.A. 
100,000% 
Arca Holding S.p.A. 
57,061% 
(d) 
78,569% 
Arca Fondi S.p.A. SGR 
100,000% 
Estense CPT Covered 
Bond S.r.l.  
60,000% 
(c) 
68,339% 
Modena Terminal S.r.l. 
100,000% 
Estense Covered Bond 
S.r.l.  
60,000% 
(c) 
52,741% 
70,000% 
Bibanca S.p.A. 
99,091% 
20,522% 
31,661% 
Numera S.p.A. 
100,000% 
46,933% 
BPER Credit Management 
S.C.p.A. 
100,000% 
(b) 
20,000% 
Emilia Romagna Factor  
S.p.A. 
99,057% 
 
Optima S.p.A. - SIM  
100,000% 
BPER Trust Company 
 S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(c) 
 
Sardaleasing S.p.A. 
99,674% 
 
Nadia S.p.A.  
100,000% 
 
Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. 
100,000% 
(a) 
In addition to the above members of the banking 
group, the scope of consolidation also includes the 
following subsidiary companies which are not 
members of the banking group since they do not 
contribute directly to its activities. 
These companies are consolidated under the equity 
method of the Parent Company: 
- Adras S.p.A. (100%); 
- Italiana Valorizzazioni Immobiliari S.r.l. (100%); 
- Sifà S.p.A. (100%).

--- Page 113 ---
A30905342/5.18/21 Mar 2016 
113 
 
 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di 
Sardegna. As at 30 June 2021, Banco di Sardegna employed 2,164 staff and had 328 branches; its total direct 
and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 16,233,048 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 7,507 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.569 and 20.522 per 
cent of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2021, Bibanca employed 160 staff and had no 
branches; its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 247,415 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) 
whilst net profit was Euro 9,769 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.. As at 30 June 2021, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 24 staff and had 1 branch; its 
total direct and indirect deposits amounted to Euro 2,571,452 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 2,849 
thousand. 
 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the “Board of Directors”) is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairperson). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
Flavia Mazzarella 
Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Piero Luigi Montani1 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
Riccardo Barbieri 
Deputy Chairperson 
21/04/2021 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
 
1 Following the resignation of Alessandro Vandelli with effect from 4 August 2021, Piero Luigi Montani is currently either CEO and 
General Manager.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Silvia Elisabetta Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Cristiano Cincotti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Alessandro Robin Foti 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Roberto Giay 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Marisa Pappalardo 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Gian Luca Santi 
Director 
21/04/2021 
Elisa Valeriani2 
Director 
23/06/2021 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Stefano Rossetti 
Deputy General Manager (Vice) 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial reports are 
referred to as Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the by-laws of BPER to meet monthly and at any other time when 
a meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of 
BPER, except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian 
law or under the by-laws of BPER. 
 
2 Elisa Valeriani was appointed at the Shareholders’ Meeting of 23 June 2021 following the resignation of Alessandra Ruzzu with 
effect from 20 May 2021.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee 3, the chief 
executive officer and the general management such powers and duties regarding BPER’s business and 
operations as it shall consider appropriate. 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other 
duties concerning the members of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as 
the Senior Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted to the 
competent corporate bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance with 
the laws and regulations in force. 
 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as 
amended and Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and 
managing potential conflicts of interest that may arise from, among others, any activities of the members 
of the Issuer’s administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives outside of 
the Issuer, to ensure, where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to 
guarantee that related party transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of 
law. 
 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal 
document called "Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest 
with related parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favorable opinion of the committee 
composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, the 
transparency and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated 
parties 
and 
related 
parties. 
The 
aforementioned 
policy 
is 
published 
on 
BPER's 
website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the 
Bank, as well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to 
below, aimed at regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) article 53 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 , which provides for the 
obligation of abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third 
parties, without prejudice to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) article 136 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the 
adoption of a particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken 
unanimously with the exclusion of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favorable 
vote of all the members of the control body ) in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind 
or carries out transactions, directly or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, 
management and control functions within the same bank; 
(iii) article 150 of the  Italian Legislative Decree No. 58  of 24 February 1998 , which states that 
directors are required to report to the board of statutory auditors on transactions in which they have 
an interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, or which are influenced by the person exercising 
the management and coordination activity; 
(iv) article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and 
the board of statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, 
they have in a specific company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of 
the administration concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out 
the transaction. In any case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the 
reasons and convenience for the company of the transaction; and 
 
3 Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 116 ---
116 
(v) article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the New 
Prudential Supervisory Provisions. 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
Daniela Travella 
 
Chairperson 
 
23/06/2021 
Paolo De Mitri 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
Shareholders 
As at 24 September 2021 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows:  
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
18.89 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody’s France: 
Short-term Bank Deposit Rating: P-3; 
Long-term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa3 with “stable” outlook; 
Long-term Issuer Rating: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment (“BCA”): Ba2; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba3 with “stable” outlook. 
Fitch: 
Long-term Issuer Default Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Short-term Issuer Default Rating: B; 
Viability Rating: bb+; 
Long-term Senior Preferred Rating: BB+ with “stable” outlook; 
Subordinated debt: BB-;

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Long-term Deposit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-term Deposit Rating: F3. 
Each of Moody’s France SAS (“Moody’s France”) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) 
(“Fitch”) is established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended. Each of Moody’s France and Fitch is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in accordance with the CRA 
Regulation. 
 
Overview 
The BPER Group operates mainly in the traditional banking sector, such as loans and deposits and 
providing credit to customers who are mainly represented by households and small and medium-sized 
businesses, through the parent company BPER which operates throughout the country whilst Banco di 
Sardegna operates mainly in Sardinia. 
Through a network of companies, the Group offers a wide range of services to its customers in Corporate 
and Investment Banking, Private Banking and Wealth Management, as well as a series of financial 
products including leasing and factoring. 
As at 30 June 2021, net interest income comes to Euro 728.3 million (Euro 1,238.9 million as at 31 December 
2020). 
 
Customer macro-segments 
Retail  
The products and services developed in 2020 have been continuing to provide a response to the needs of 
the community, households and businesses.  
In 2020 BPER continued to review and strengthen the BPER Group’s commercial offer by rationalising 
existing proposals and marketing new products and services. 
Private Banking & Wealth Management 
The private banking service of the BPER Group has continued to develop in qualitative and quantitative 
terms, with a view to becoming the principal banking provider of global wealth advice for the most 
advanced customers. 
Corporate 
Corporate customers have been taken care of by BPER employees visiting them and making sales 
proposals based on their specific needs, such as for medium to long-term financial support, in certain 
cases linked to international projects that Italian companies have put in place to offset the decline in 
domestic demand.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
BPER’s offer of financial products consists of Corporate Finance, Acquisition Finance, Project Finance 
(renewables, conventional energy and infrastructure) and Shipping Finance services. BPER continues 
offering expert advice to Corporate customers of the Group in the fields of Merger and Acquisition, 
Corporate and Institutional Advisory and IPOs. 
 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2020, the Group’s network consisted of 1,237  branches located throughout the country, 
as well as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 
93,061,7834 thousand.  
As at 30 June 2021 the BPER Group’s network consists of 1,852 branches located in 19 Italian regions and 
one branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with a domestic market share, updated to 31 
October 2020, of 8.16%5. 
As at 31 March 2021, on the Italian banking scene, the BPER Group ranks fifth by total assets consisting of 
Euro 129 billion. 
 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 13,177 persons as at 31 December 2020. 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s 
employees. 
 
Employees 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
10,355 
 
10,748  
(393) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
22 
 
2 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
 
138 
 
144 
 
(6) 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,231 
 
2,468  
(237) 
Total banks  
 
12,748 
 
13,382  
(634) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
429 
 
423 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
13,177 
 
13,805  
(628) 
 
 
4 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the 
measurement method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific 
reference to properties held for investment purposes. 
5 Source: Planus Corp. analysis of Regulatory Reports.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, a breakdown of the BPER Group’s branches. 
Branches 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
908 
 
1,006 
 
(98) 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
329 
 
343 
 
(14) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,237 
 
1,349 
 
(112) 
5. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
 
- 
Total 
 
1,238 
 
1,350 
 
(112) 
 
The following tables show the same information comparing 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020 data. 
  
Employees 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
15,317 
 
10,355 
 
4,962 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
24 
 
24 
  
- 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
160 
 
138 
 
22 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
2,164 
 
2,231 
  
(67) 
Total banks  
 
17,665 
 
12,748 
 
4,917 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
 
435 
 
429 
 
6 
Total of balance sheet 
 
18,100 
 
13,177 
 
4,923 
 
 
The acquisition of the business units from ISP resulted in an increase in the workforce of 5,107 resources. 
  
Branches 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
 
1,524 
 
908 
 
616 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 
328 
 
329 
  
(1) 
Total Italian banks 
 
1,852 
 
1,237 
 
615 
3. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
 
1 
 
1 
  
- 
Total  
 
1,853 
 
1,238 
 
615 
 
 
The change during the six-month period is due to the acquisition of the business units from ISP. 
 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
 
2020
2019
Net Interest income 
 
1,238,876
1,164,539
Net commission income 
 
1,072,514
931,950
Net interest and other banking income 
 
2,468,047
2,224,583
Net income from financial activities 
 
1,923,667
1,775,313

--- Page 120 ---
120 
Operating costs 
 
(1,717,966)
(1,708,387)
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
 
203,622
416,898
Profit (Loss) for the year 
 
270,667
394,452
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company  
245,650
379,583
BPER Group consolidated figures for the year ended 31 December 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
 
2020
2019
Net Loans to customer 
 
53,005,879
52,006,038
             - of which net bad loans 
 
726,731
1,171,281
Net interbank position 
 
(10,324,401)
(9,891,324)
Financial assets 
 
 
24,661,915
18,956,906
Total assets 
 
93,050,838
79,033,498
Direct deposits 
 
63,140,669
58,055,608
Indirect deposits 
 
114,775,96
110,623,352
             - of which managed 
 
42,719,321
41,714,305
             - of which administered 
 
72,056,648
68,909,047
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
2020
2019
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
(634,984)
377,867
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
(223,132)
(375,999)
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
772,965
105,511
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
(85,151)
107,379
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
as previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. 
Investors should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not 
consider these measures as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) 
an alternative to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance 
with generally accepted accounting principles), or as a measure of BPER Group’s ability to meet cash 
needs; or (c) an alternative to any other measures of performance under generally accepted accounting 
principles. These measures are not indicative of BPER Group’s historical operating results, nor are they 
meant to be indicative of future results. These measures are used by management to monitor the 
underlying performance of the business and the operations. Since all companies do not calculate these 
measures in an identical manner, BPER Group’s presentation may not be consistent with similar measures 
used by other companies. Therefore, investors should not place undue reliance on this data.

--- Page 121 ---
121 
Performance ratios6 
 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
20197 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.96% 
65.80% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
83.95% 
89.58% 
Financial assets/total assets 
26.50% 
23.99% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
7.84% 
11.07% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
4.02% 
5.77% 
Texas ratio8 
55.39% 
79.04% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE9  
4.58% 
8.66% 
ROTE10  
5.25% 
9.92% 
ROA11  
0.29% 
0.50% 
Cost to income ratio12 
65.30% 
74.11% 
Cost of credit risk13 
1.01% 
0.86% 
 
 
6 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines - Alternative performance indicators", 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses or regulated 
sources of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement figures of the reclassified 
statements prepared from a management point of view. 
7 The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 
December 2019. 
8 The texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity increased by impairment provisions for 
non-performing loans. 
9 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. 
10 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit and 
intangible assets. 
11 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total assets. 
12  The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the 
Cost to income ratio is at 69.61% (76.80% at 31 December 2019 as per the Consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2019). 
13 The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2020 
2019 
Own Funds (Phased in)14 (in thousands of Euro) 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 5,928,350 
4,828,807 
Own Funds 
 7,094,229 
5,839,914 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 33,501,647 
34,721,277 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in15  
17.70% 
13.91% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in16 
18.15% 
14.35% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in17  
21.18% 
16.82% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Loaded18  
15.90% 
12.01% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in19 
6.9% 
6.1% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Loaded20  
6.1% 
5.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
200.1% 
158.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
123.7% 
114.0% 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2021 and 31 December 2020. 
Performance ratios21 
 
14 Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends the Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) relating to "Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds". Regulation introduced the transitional 
arrangement (or so-called "Phased In") giving banks a chance to spread the effect on Own Funds over a period of 5 years (from 
March 2018 to December 2022), sterilizing the impact on CET1 by applying decreasing percentages over time. The BPER Banca 
Group chose to adopt the so-called "static approach" to be applied to the impact from comparing the IAS 39 adjustments at 31 
December 2017 and the IFRS 9 adjustments at 1 January 2018. 
15 It should be noted that the Phased in capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased in, 15.60% for the T1 Ratio Phased 
in and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased in if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for the acquisition of going concern from 
the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
16 See previous note. 
17 See previous note. 
18 The CET1 ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into account 
the result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-time 
adoption of IFRS9. It should also be noted that such ratio is equal to 13.52% if we separate the impact of the increase in capital for 
the acquisition of going concern from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group. 
19 The ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
20 The Leverage Ratio Fully Loaded has been estimated excluding the effects of the transitional provisions in force and taking into 
account the result for the year, net of the pro-quota dividends, and the expected absorption of deferred tax assets relating to first-
time adoption of IFRS9. 
21 The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines - Alternative performance 
indicators”, aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Indicators included in prospectuses 
or regulated sources of information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement captions 
of the reclassified statements providing an operational management pint of view.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2021 
202022 
 
 
 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
56.59% 
56.96% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
77.45% 
83.95% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.08% 
26.50% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
5.65% 
7.84% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
2.82% 
4.02% 
Texas ratio23 
51.27% 
55.37% 
Profitability ratios  
 
 
ROE24  
11.11% 
4.41% 
ROTE25 
12.30% 
5.06% 
ROA26  
0.53% 
0.28% 
Cost to income ratio27 
69.53% 
66.97% 
Cost of credit risk28 
0.76% 
0.56% 
 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2021 
202029 
 
 
 
Own Funds (Phased in) (in thousands of Euro)30 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
 
6,625,653 
5,931,675 
Total Own Funds 
 
7,837,843 
7,097,554 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
 
45,619,802 
33,487,963 
 
 
 
Capital and liquidity ratios 
 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Phased in  
14.52% 
17.71% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) - Phased in 
14.85% 
18.16% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) - Phased in  
17.18% 
21.19% 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1 Ratio) - Fully Phased  
13.52% 
15.81% 
Leverage Ratio - Phased in31 
4.9% 
6.9% 
Leverage Ratio - Fully Phased32  
4.5% 
6.1% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
215.9% 
200.1% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
138.6% 
123.7% 
 
 
22 The comparative balance sheet ratios, including ROE, ROTE and ROA, and the income statement ratios have been calculated 
respectively on figures at 31 December 2020 and 30 June 2020 which take into account the effects of the retrospective application 
of the change in the measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
23 The Texas ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment provisions for non-
performing loans.  
24 ROE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s 
average shareholders’ equity not including net profit.  
25 ROTE has been calculated as net profit for the period (annualised for its € 172.8 mln ordinary component only) on the Group’s 
average shareholders’ equity not including net profit and intangible assets.  
26 ROA has been calculated as net profit for the period including net profit for the period pertaining to minority interests (annualised 
for its € 189.7 mln ordinary component only) on total assets.  
27 The Cost to income ratio has been calculated on the basis of the layout of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the layout provided by the 6th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the 
Cost to income ratio is at 75.54% (70.40% at 30 June 2020 as per the restated income statement to be found in the paragraph 
“Restatement of the BPER Group’s reclassified consolidated income statement as at 30 June 2020” in the section “Annexes” to the 
Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021).  
28The Cost of credit risk has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers.  
29 The comparative ratios have been calculated respectively on figures at 31 December 2020 which include the effects of the 
retrospective application of the change in the measurement method of property, plant and equipment held for investment. 
30Items have been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2395/2017, which amends Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR) relating to “Transitional provisions to mitigate the impact of IFRS 9 on Own Funds”. The Regulation introduced the

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the loans of 
the BPER Group (after provisions have been made). 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Current accounts 
3,668,713 
4,841,510 
(1,172,797) 
-24.22 
Mortgage loans 
35,355,336 
32,540,195 
2,815,141 
8.65 
Repurchase Agreement 
83,949 
591,175 
(507,226) 
-85.80 
Leases and factoring 
3,966,030 
3,833,890 
132,140 
3.45 
Other transactions 
9,931,851 
10,199,268 
(267,417) 
-2.62 
Net loans to customers  
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
Loans to customers, net of impairment provisions, totalled Euro 53,005.9 million (Euro 52,006.0 million at 
31 December 2019) up by Euro 999.8 million since 31 December 2019. 
As regards the various technical forms, the increase particularly affects mortgage loans for Euro 2,815.1 
million, while there was a decrease in current accounts for Euro 1,172.8 million and repurchase 
agreements for Euro 507.2 million. The increase in mortgage loans is also attributable to the disbursement 
of loans to support the economy during the health emergency, including disbursements guaranteed by 
the State, mainly to the retail and small business segment. 
 
transitional (Phase-in) regime offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period of 5 years 
(from March 2018 to December 2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back factors over 
time. The BPER Group elected to apply the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment losses under 
IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 to impairment losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018.  
31 Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as amended by Commission Delegated 
Regulation (EU) 62/2015.  
32 See previous note.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,342,940 
 6,122,541 
(1,779,601) 
-29.07 
Bad loans 
 2,076,384 
 3,448,761 
(1,372,377) 
-39.79 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 2,125,247 
 2,478,777 
(353,530) 
-14.26 
Past due loans 
 
141,309 
 
195,003 
(53,694) 
-27.53 
Gross performing exposures 
51,047,978 
49,169,481 
1,878,497 
3.82 
Total gross exposure 
55,390,918 
55,292,022 
98,896 
0.18 
Impairment provisions for non-performing 
 2,212,728 
 3,124,116 
(911,388) 
-29.17 
Bad loans 
 1,349,653 
 2,277,480 
(927,827) 
-40.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
831,394 
 
818,231 
13,163 
1.61 
Past due loans 
 
31,681 
 
28,405 
3,276 
11.53 
Impairment provisions for performing 
 
172,311 
 
161,868 
10,443 
6.45 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,385,039 
 3,285,984 
(900,945) 
-27.42 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,130,212 
 2,998,425 
(868,213) 
-28.96 
Bad loans 
 
726,731 
 1,171,281 
(444,550) 
-37.95 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,293,853 
 1,660,546 
(366,693) 
-22.08 
Past due loans 
 
109,628 
 
166,598 
(56,970) 
-34.20 
Net performing exposures 
50,875,667 
49,007,613 
1,868,054 
3.81 
Total net exposure 
53,005,879 
52,006,038 
999,841 
1.92 
 
At 31 December 2020, the impairment provisions relating to non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,212.7 
million (Euro 3,124.1 million at 31 December 2019; -29.17%), for a coverage ratio of 50.95% (51.03% at 31 
December 2019), while impairment provisions relating to performing loans amount to Euro 172.3 million 
(Euro 161.9 million at 31 December 2019; +6.45%), leading to a coverage ratio of 0.34% (0.33% at 31 
December 2019), which still reflects the high credit quality of the Group's performing portfolio, despite 
having been affected by the negative consequences of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Considering the direct write-offs of bad loans still outstanding, Euro 302.9 million (Euro 444.0 million at 
31 December 2019), the coverage ratio increases to 54.15% (54.34% at 31 December 2019). 
The total coverage ratio is therefore 4.31%, down compared with 5.94% at 31 December 2019. Based on the 
same considerations made above concerning direct write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes 
to 4.83% (6.69% at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 126 ---
126 
(in thousands)   
Loans to 
customers 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
44,871,402 
42,422,442 
0.91 
2.74 
3.74 
2. BPER Bank 
Luxembourg 
214,109 
205,363 
248,608 
240,039 
-13.88 
-14.45 
4.08 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
1,299,644 
1,282,601 
12.22 
11.97 
1.53 
4. Banco di 
Sardegna s.p.a.  
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
8,052,242 
7,550,322 
-5.24 
-4.16 
5.16 
Total banks 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
54,471,896 
51,495,404 
0.21 
1.88 
3.89 
5. Sardaleasing 
s.p.a.  
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
3,356,780 
3,081,446 
0.54 
2.02 
6.85 
6. Emil-Ro 
Factor s.p.a.  
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
1,090,696 
1,071,966 
-2.22 
-2.25 
1.75 
7. Finitalia 
612,956 
598,349 
593,824 
578,396 
3.22 
3.45 
2.38 
Other 
companies 
and 
consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,221,174) 
(4,221,174) 
0.64 
0.64 
- 
Total of 
balance 
sheet 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
55,292,022 
52,006,038 
0.18 
1.92 
4.31 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,130.2 million (-28.96% compared with 31 December 2019), 
equal to 4.02% of total net loans to customers (5.77% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis, the 
ratio between non-performing loans and loans to customers comes to 7.84% (11.07% at 31 December 2019).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), 
net unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019) and 
net past due loans amount to Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019). 
The level of coverage (50.95%) is essentially in line with the figure at the end of 2019 (51.03%).  
The reduction in the proportion of the non-performing portfolio to total loans, both gross and net, is 
affected by the sale of bad loans and unlikely to pay loans carried out in 2020 (the main ones being the 
Spring and Summer GACS-backed securitisations completed in the second half of the year for a gross 
carrying amount at the date of sale of Euro 1.3 billion). On the other hand, this derisking did not have a 
significant impact on the average coverage of the non-performing portfolio, which remained close to 51%.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
(in thousands)   
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
2,998,231 
1,424,112 
4,421,953 
2,095,214 
-32.20 
-32.03 
52.50 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
10,000 
1,517 
9,898 
1,776 
1.03 
-14.58 
84.83 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
50,236 
32,116 
35,434 
23,397 
41.77 
37.27 
36.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
743,536 
373,831 
983,153 
497,976 
-24.37 
-24.93 
49.72 
Total banks 
3,802,003 
1,831,576 
5,450,438 
2,618,363 
-30.24 
-30.05 
51.83 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
501,749 
284,846 
624,791 
360,570 
-19.69 
-21.00 
43.23 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
24,446 
8,392 
29,109 
12,494 
-16.02 
-32.83 
65.67 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
14,742 
5,398 
18,203 
6,998 
-19.01 
-22.86 
63.38 
Total of balance sheet 
4,342,940 
2,130,212 
6,122,541 
2,998,425 
-29.07 
-28.96 
50.95 
Direct write-offs of bad 
loans 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
4,645,856 
2,130,212 
6,566,580 
2,998,425 
-29.25 
-28.96 
54.15 
Non-performing loans 
(Total of balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
7.84% 
4.02% 
11.07% 
5.77% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 726.7 million (-37.95% compared with 31 December 2019), representing 
1.37% of total net loans to customers (2.25% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of 
bad loans to total loans to customers comes to 3.75% (6.24% at 31 December 2019). 
The coverage of bad loans is 65.00% (66.04% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)   
Bad loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,326,248 
423,770 
2,463,892 
776,859 
-46.17 
-45.45 
68.05 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
6,104 
- 
6,004 
262 
1.67 
-100.00 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
9,452 
2,640 
7,312 
1,521 
29.27 
73.57 
72.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
451,382 
190,828 
613,293 
249,194 
-26.40 
-23.42 
57.72 
Total banks 
1,793,186 
617,238 
3,090,501 
1,027,836 
-41.98 
-39.95 
65.58 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
252,486 
101,120 
321,987 
131,725 
-21.59 
-23.23 
59.95 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
20,786 
5,331 
23,613 
7,647 
-11.97 
-30.29 
74.35 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
9,926 
3,042 
12,660 
4,073 
-21.60 
-25.31 
69.35 
Total of balance sheet 
2,076,384 
726,731 
3,448,761 
1,171,281 
-39.79 
-37.95 
65.00 
Direct write-offs of bad 
302,916 
- 
444,039 
- 
-31.78 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,379,300 
726,731 
3,892,800 
1,171,281 
-38.88 
-37.95 
69.46 
Bad loans (Total of 
balance sheet)/Loans to 
customers 
3.75% 
1.37% 
6.24% 
2.25% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely to pay loans total Euro 1,293.9 million (-22.08% compared with 31 December 2019), 
representing 2.44% of total net loans to customers (3.19% at 31 December 2019), while on a gross basis the 
ratio is 3.84% (4.48% at 31 December 2019).

--- Page 128 ---
128 
The coverage of unlikely to pay loans has increased since the end of 2019 to 39.12%, compared with 33.01% 
at 31 December 2019. 
 
(in thousands)   
Unlikely to pay loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,618,665 
958,838 
1,846,503 
1,221,479 
-12.34 
-21.50 
40.76 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
3,896 
1,517 
3,894 
1,514 
0.05 
0.20 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
6,807 
4,099 
7,139 
4,715 
-4.65 
-13.06 
39.78 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
259,957 
157,305 
332,535 
216,927 
-21.83 
-27.48 
39.49 
Total banks 
1,889,325 
1,121,759 
2,190,071 
1,444,635 
-13.73 
-22.35 
40.63 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
230,536 
168,680 
281,588 
210,722 
-18.13 
-19.95 
26.83 
6. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
2,875 
2,322 
4,600 
4,003 
-37.50 
-41.99 
19.23 
7. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,511 
1,092 
2,518 
1,186 
-0.28 
-7.93 
56.51 
Total of balance sheet 
2,125,247 
1,293,853 
2,478,777 
1,660,546 
-14.26 
-22.08 
39.12 
Unlikely to pay 
loans/Loans to customers 
3.84% 
2.44% 
4.48% 
3.19% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 109.6 million (-34.20% compared with 31 December 2019) 
represents 0.21% of total net loans to customers (0.32% at 31 December 2019), whereas on a gross basis the 
ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.26% (0.35% at 31 December 2019). The coverage of 
past due loans is 22.42% (14.57% at 31 December 2019). 
 
(in thousands)   
Past due loans 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
53,318 
41,504 
111,558 
96,876 
-52.21 
-57.16 
22.16 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
33,977 
25,377 
20,983 
17,161 
61.93 
47.88 
25.31 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
32,197 
25,698 
37,325 
31,855 
-13.74 
-19.33 
20.19 
Total banks 
119,492 
92,579 
169,866 
145,892 
-29.66 
-36.54 
22.52 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
18,727 
15,046 
21,216 
18,123 
-11.73 
-16.98 
19.66 
5. Emil-Ro Factor s.p.a.  
785 
739 
896 
844 
-12.39 
-12.44 
5.86 
6. Finitalia S.p.a. 
2,305 
1,264 
3,025 
1,739 
-23.80 
-27.31 
45.16 
Total of balance sheet 
141,309 
109,628 
195,003 
166,598 
-27.53 
-34.20 
22.42 
Past due loans/Loans to 
0.26% 
0.21% 
0.35% 
0.32% 
 
 
 
 
The distribution of loans to non-financial corporates is analysed by ATECO category below:

--- Page 129 ---
129 
(in thousands)   
Distribution of loans to non-financial corporates 
31.12.2020 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
791,820 
1.49 
B. Mining and quarrying 
36,394 
0.07 
C. Manufacturing 
7,666,955 
14.48 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
831,777 
1.57 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and 
378,636 
0.71 
F. Construction 
2,155,797 
4.07 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
4,436,218 
8.37 
H. Transport and storage 
1,469,699 
2.77 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,490,703 
2.81 
J. Information and communication 
324,337 
0.61 
L. Real estate 
3,118,663 
5.88 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
777,044 
1.47 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,124,495 
2.12 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2,303 
- 
P. Education 
33,612 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
411,109 
0.78 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
176,452 
0.33 
S. Other services 
346,544 
0.65 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
25,572,558 
48.24 
Individuals and other not included above 
21,898,759 
41.32 
Financial corporates 
3,220,402 
6.08 
Insurance companies 
54,121 
0.10 
Governments and other public entities 
2,260,039 
4.26 
Total loans 
53,005,879 
100.00 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts 
4,765,615 
3,668,713 
1,096,902 
29.90 
Mortgage loans 
53,356,498 
35,355,336 
18,001,162 
50.91 
Repurchase agreements 
353,759 
83,949 
269,810 
321.40 
Leases and factoring 
3,949,789 
3,966,030 
(16,241) 
-0.41 
Other transactions 
13,864,641 
9,931,851 
3,932,790 
39.60 
Net loans to customers 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, total Euro 76,290.3 million (Euro 53,005.9 million at 31 December 
2020) up by Euro 23,284.4 million since 31 December 2020. As regards the various technical forms, the 
increase particularly affects mortgage loans by an amount of Euro 18,001.2 million, current accounts by 
an amount of Euro 1,096.9 million and other transactions by an amount of Euro 3,932.8 million. The 
increase in mortgage loans, current accounts and other transactions is mainly due to the purchase of the 
UBI and ISP business units, which respectively took place on 22 February and 21 June 2021.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
 4,469,717 
 4,342,940 
126,777 
2.92 
Bad loans 
 2,340,975 
 2,076,384 
264,591 
12.74 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,993,902 
 2,125,247 
(131,345) 
-6.18 
Past due loans 
 
134,840 
 
141,309 
(6,469) 
-4.58 
Gross performing exposures 
74,582,500 
51,047,978 
23,534,522 
46.10 
Total gross exposure 
79,052,217 
55,390,918 
23,661,299 
42.72 
Impairment provisions for non-performing 
exposures 
 2,316,945 
 2,212,728 
104,217 
4.71 
Bad loans 
 1,424,807 
 1,349,653 
75,154 
5.57 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 
858,533 
 
831,394 
27,139 
3.26 
Past due loans 
 
33,605 
 
31,681 
1,924 
6.07 
Impairment provisions for performing 
exposures 
 
444,970 
 
172,311 
272,659 
158.24 
Total impairment provisions 
 2,761,915 
 2,385,039 
376,876 
15.80 
Net non-performing exposures 
 2,152,772 
 2,130,212 
22,560 
1.06 
Bad loans 
 
916,168 
 
726,731 
189,437 
26.07 
Unlikely to pay loans 
 1,135,369 
 1,293,853 
(158,484) 
-12.25 
Past due loans 
 
101,235 
 
109,628 
(8,393) 
-7.66 
Net performing exposures 
74,137,530 
50,875,667 
23,261,863 
45.72 
Total net exposure 
76,290,302 
53,005,879 
23,284,423 
43.93 
 
 
At the end of the first half of 2021, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 
2,316.9 million (Euro 2,212.7 million at 31 December 2020; +4.71%), for a coverage ratio of 51.84% (50.95% 
at 31 December 2020), while the provisions for performing loans amount to Euro 445.0 million (Euro 172.3 
million at 31 December 2020; +158.24%) and give a coverage ratio of 0.60%, on a significant uptrend since 
2020 (0.34%). The latter increase is mainly due to the overlays adopted as part of the updated ECL model 
and to the gradual recalibration of the risk parameters (IFRS 9 PD and LGD ) adopted under the ECL 
model. Considering the direct write-offs made for an amount of Euro 645.0 million (Euro 302.9 million at 
31 December 2020) on outstanding bad loans due to insolvency procedures, the coverage ratio would rise 
to 57.91% (54.15% at 31 December 2020) 
The total coverage ratio is 3.49%, down compared with the figure at 31 December 2020 (4.31%). Based on 
the same considerations made above concerning write-offs, the total effective coverage of loans comes to 
4.27% (4.83% as at 31 December 2020).

--- Page 131 ---
131 
(in thousands)   
Loans to customers 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
68,502,178 
66,467,154 
45,281,975 
43,586,332 
51.28 
52.50 
2.97 
2. BPER Bank 
Luxembourg s.a.  
227,638 
218,714 
214,109 
205,363 
6.32 
6.50 
3.92 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
1,661,250 
1,637,293 
1,458,406 
1,436,112 
13.91 
14.01 
1.44 
4. Banco di Sardegna 
s.p.a.  
7,850,922 
7,433,603 
7,630,038 
7,236,104 
2.89 
2.73 
5.32 
Total banks 
78,241,988 
75,756,764 
54,584,528 
52,463,911 
43.34 
44.40 
3.18 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
3,379,951 
3,135,225 
3,374,997 
3,143,840 
0.15 
-0.27 
7.24 
6. Emilia Romagna 
Factor s.p.a.  
1,057,656 
1,038,862 
1,066,501 
1,047,843 
-0.83 
-0.86 
1.78 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
616,999 
603,828 
612,956 
598,349 
0.66 
0.92 
2.13 
Other companies 
and consolidation 
adjustments 
(4,244,377) 
(4,244,377) 
(4,248,064) 
(4,248,064) 
-0.09 
-0.09 
- 
Total of balance 
sheet 
79,052,217 
76,290,302 
55,390,918 
53,005,879 
42.72 
43.93 
3.49 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 2,152.8 million (+1.06% on 31 December 2020), e to 2.82% of 
total net loans to customers (4.02% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-
performing loans to loans to customers equates to 5.65% (7.84% at 31 December 2020).  
More specifically, net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% compared with 31 December 2020), 
net unlikely to pay loans amount to Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% compared with 31 December 2020) and 
net past due loans amount to Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020). 
The level of coverage of non-performing loans is 51.84% compared with 50.95% at the end of 2020. 
 
The reduction in the gross and net incidence of the NPL portfolio on total loans is attributable to the 
characteristics of the portfolios acquired with the UBI and ISP branches, as well as the de-risking measures 
implemented by the BPER Group in the first half of 2021; the change in the corresponding coverage ratio, 
on the other hand, is attributable not only to the influence of the portfolios of the branches acquired, but 
mainly to the further adjustments made during the period on the NPL portfolio, as explained in greater 
detail below in the commentary on the cost of credit for the half year.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
(in thousands)   
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
3,223,915 
1,552,525 
2,998,231 
1,424,112 
7.53 
9.02 
51.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg 
s.a.  
10,002 
1,518 
10,000 
1,517 
0.02 
0.07 
84.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
46,471 
27,999 
50,236 
32,116 
-7.49 
-12.82 
39.75 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
694,005 
320,766 
743,536 
373,831 
-6.66 
-14.19 
53.78 
Total banks 
3,974,393 
1,902,808 
3,802,003 
1,831,576 
4.53 
3.89 
52.12 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
458,591 
237,536 
501,749 
284,846 
-8.60 
-16.61 
48.20 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor 
s.p.a.  
24,364 
7,938 
24,446 
8,392 
-0.34 
-5.41 
67.42 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
12,369 
4,490 
14,742 
5,398 
-16.10 
-16.82 
63.70 
Total of balance sheet  
4,469,717 
2,152,772 
4,342,940 
2,130,212 
2.92 
1.06 
51.84 
Direct write-offs of bad 
loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
5,114,736 
2,152,772 
4,645,856 
2,130,212 
10.09 
1.06 
57.91 
Non-performing loans 
(Total of balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
5.65% 
2.82% 
7.84% 
4.02% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 916.2 million (+26.07% on 31 December 2020), accounting for 1.20% of total 
net loans to customers (1.37% at 31 December 2020), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of bad loans to 
total loans to customers comes to 2.96% (3.75% at 31 December 2020). 
The coverage of bad loans is 60.86%, down from 65.00% at 31 December 2020.  
  
(in thousands)   
Bad loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% 
Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,608,169 
647,551 
1,326,248 
423,770 
21.26 
52.81 
59.73 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
6,104 
- 
6,104 
- 
- 
n.s. 
100.00 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,073 
2,631 
9,452 
2,640 
6.57 
-0.34 
73.88 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
440,219 
172,248 
451,382 
190,828 
-2.47 
-9.74 
60.87 
Total banks 
2,064,565 
822,430 
1,793,186 
617,238 
15.13 
33.24 
60.16 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
249,434 
87,905 
252,486 
101,120 
-1.21 
-13.07 
64.76 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
18,870 
3,309 
20,786 
5,331 
-9.22 
-37.93 
82.46 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
8,106 
2,524 
9,926 
3,042 
-18.34 
-17.03 
68.86 
Total of balance sheet 
2,340,975 
916,168 
2,076,384 
726,731 
12.74 
26.07 
60.86 
Direct write-offs of bad loans 
645,019 
- 
302,916 
- 
112.94 
n.s. 
100.00 
Adjusted total 
2,985,994 
916,168 
2,379,300 
726,731 
25.50 
26.07 
69.32 
Bad loans (Total of balance 
sheet)/Loans to customers 
2.96% 
1.20% 
3.75% 
1.37% 
 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 1,135.4 million (-12.25% on 31 December 2020), representing 1.49% of 
total net loans to customers (2.44% at 31 December 2020), while on ad gross basis the ratio is 2.52% (3.84% 
at 31 December 2020). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased since the end of 2020 to 43.06%, compared with 
39.12% at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
  
(in thousands)   
Unlikely to pay loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
1,543,643 
850,015 
1,618,665 
958,838 
-4.63 
-11.35 
44.93 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
3,898 
1,518 
3,896 
1,517 
0.05 
0.07 
61.06 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
10,636 
6,746 
6,807 
4,099 
56.25 
64.58 
36.57 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
229,732 
130,844 
259,957 
157,305 
-11.63 
-16.82 
43.04 
Total banks 
1,787,909 
989,123 
1,889,325 
1,121,759 
-5.37 
-11.82 
44.68 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
200,478 
143,318 
230,536 
168,680 
-13.04 
-15.04 
28.51 
6. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
2,191 
1,519 
2,875 
2,322 
-23.79 
-34.58 
30.67 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
3,324 
1,409 
2,511 
1,092 
32.38 
29.03 
57.61 
Total of balance sheet 
1,993,902 
1,135,369 
2,125,247 
1,293,853 
-6.18 
-12.25 
43.06 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans 
to customers 
2.52% 
1.49% 
3.84% 
2.44%

--- Page 134 ---
134 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 101.2 million (-7.66% compared with 31 December 2020) 
represents 0.13% of total net loans to customers (0.21% at 31 December 2020), whereas on a gross basis the 
ratio of past due loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.26% at 31 December 2020). The coverage of 
past due loans is 24.92% (22.42% at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands)   
Past due loans 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
72,103 
54,959 
53,318 
41,504 
35.23 
32.42 
23.78 
2. Bibanca s.p.a.  
25,762 
18,622 
33,977 
25,377 
-24.18 
-26.62 
27.72 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
24,054 
17,674 
32,197 
25,698 
-25.29 
-31.22 
26.52 
Total banks 
121,919 
91,255 
119,492 
92,579 
2.03 
-1.43 
25.15 
4. Sardaleasing s.p.a.  
8,679 
6,313 
18,727 
15,046 
-53.66 
-58.04 
27.26 
5. Emilia Romagna Factor s.p.a.  
3,303 
3,110 
785 
739 
320.76 
320.84 
5.84 
6. Finitalia s.p.a. 
939 
557 
2,305 
1,264 
-59.26 
-55.93 
40.68 
Total of balance sheet   
134,840 
101,235 
141,309 
109,628 
-4.58 
-7.66 
24.92 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.17% 
0.13% 
0.26% 
0.21% 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of 
economic activity: 
 
(in thousands)   
Breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates 
30.06.2021 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,025,982 
1.34 
B. Mining and quarrying 
58,214 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
11,263,882 
14.77 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
787,738 
1.03 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
560,735 
0.74 
F. Construction 
3,194,404 
4.19 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,412,351 
8.41 
H. Transport and storage 
1,129,577 
1.48 
I.  Hotel and restaurants 
1,907,859 
2.50 
J.  Information and communication 
520,372 
0.68 
L. Real estate 
4,374,977 
5.73 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
1,469,928 
1.93 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,869,594 
2.45 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
6,413 
0.01 
P. Education 
93,643 
0.12 
Q. Health and welfare 
533,358 
0.70 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
217,019 
0.28 
S. Other services 
404,477 
0.53 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
35,830,523 
46.97 
Individuals and other not included above 
33,966,140 
44.52 
Financial corporates 
3,915,396 
5.13 
Insurance 
51,741 
0.07 
Governments and other public entities 
2,526,502 
3.31 
Total loans 
76,290,302 
100.00

--- Page 135 ---
135

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the net 
interbank position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
%  Change 
A. Loans to banks 
9,856,598 
2,321,809 
7,534,789 
324.52 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
438,253 
441,913 
(3,660) 
-0.83 
2. Other 
9,418,345 
1,879,896 
7,538,449 
401.00 
B. Due to banks 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Total (A-B) 
(10,324,401) 
(9,891,324) 
(433,077) 
4.38 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020. 
(in thousands) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
24,433,936 
9,856,598 
14,577,338 
147.89 
1. Current accounts and deposits  
580,139 
438,253 
141,886 
32.38 
2. Other 
23,853,797 
9,418,345 
14,435,452 
153.27 
B. Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Total (A-B) 
1,723,691 
(10,324,401) 
12,048,092 
-116.70 
 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 31 December 2020. 
Since 31 December 2019, the BPER Group has benefited from the additional financial instruments made 
available by the ECB by repaying early the TLTRO-II loans expiring subsequent to 30 June 2020 and 
arranging two new tranches of TLTRO-III and currency loans.

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
(in millions) 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 
2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
21.01.2021 
4. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
04.02.2021 
5. Currency loan through auction 
 
100 
11.02.2021 
Total 
 
17,010 
 
 
The following table gives details of such operations with the ECB as at 30 June 2021. Compared to 31 
December 2020, taking advantage of the wide range of financial instruments made available by the ECB, 
the BPER Group has participated in a tranche of TLTRO-III. 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
Capital 
Maturity 
1. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 14,000 
28.06.2023 
2. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 2,710 
27.09.2023 
3. Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) 
 1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
 18,380 
 
 
 
As a result, the BPER Group has obtained Euro 18,380 million of TLTRO III loans, which is 99.99% of its 
participation limit. 
 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
The following table sets forth the information as at 30 June 2021. 
(in millions) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
 
Guarantee 
value 
Restricted 
portion 
Available 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
29,911 
19,858 
10,053 
- of which Securities and loans transferred to the 
pooling account 
19,939 
18,295 
1,644 
 
At 30 June 2021, BPER Central Treasury held significant resources relating to eligible securities for 
refinancing at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 29,911 million 
(Euro 28,095 million at 31 December 2020). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 10,053 million 
(Euro 10,048 million at 31 December 2020). 
Part of these resources are managed via the pooling account for an overall amount, net of margin calls, of 
Euro 19,939 million, of which Euro 18,295 million has been refinanced (Euro 1,644 million is still 
unencumbered).  
 
Funding

--- Page 138 ---
138 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, a breakdown of the funding 
position of the BPER Group. 
 
(in thousands)   
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
55,115,790 
47,724,679 
7,391,111 
15.49 
Time deposits 
145,605 
954,077 
(808,472) 
-84.74 
Repurchase agreements 
149,286 
238,736 
(89,450) 
-37.47 
Lease liabilities 
257,071 
306,037 
(48,966) 
-16.00 
Other short-term loans 
2,790,727 
2,997,190 
(206,463) 
-6.89 
Bonds 
4,385,826 
5,089,892 
(704,066) 
-13.83 
 - subscribed by institutional customers 
3,565,484 
3,278,364 
287,120 
8.76 
 - subscribed by ordinary customers 
820,342 
1,811,528 
(991,186) 
-54.72 
Certificates 
2,175 
36,541 
(34,366) 
-94.05 
Certificates of deposit 
294,189 
708,456 
(414,267) 
-58.47 
Direct deposits from customers 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
114,775,969 
110,623,352 
4,152,617 
3.75 
 - of which managed 
42,719,321 
41,714,305 
1,005,016 
2.41 
 - of which administered 
72,056,648 
68,909,047 
3,147,601 
4.57 
Customer funds under administration  
177,916,638 
168,678,960 
9,237,678 
5.48 
Bank borrowing 
20,180,999 
12,213,133 
7,967,866 
65.24 
Funds under administration or management 
198,097,637 
180,892,093 
17,205,544 
9.51 
 
Direct customer deposits of Euro 63,140.7 million have increased by 8.76% since 31 December 2019. 
Among the various technical forms, compared to 31 December 2019, bonds have decreased by Euro 704.1 
million (-13.83%), in particular on issues subscribed by ordinary customers, as have repurchase 
agreements by Euro 89.5 million (-37.47%), certificates of deposit by Euro 414.3 million (-58.47%) and time 
deposits for Euro 808.5 million (-84.74%). 
On the other hand, current accounts and demand deposits, mainly deposits belonging to retail and 
corporate customers, have increased significantly by Euro 7,391.1 million (+15.49%) compared to 31 
December 2019. The trends within this aggregate again show for this year a propensity on the part of 
customers for more liquid forms of deposit. 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up on 31 December 
2019 (+3.75%). A recovery by the markets and net inflows to assets under management during the year 
made it possible to completely reabsorb the decline recorded at the end of the first quarter of 2020 due to 
market tensions caused by Covid-19. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 
20,181.0 million) amount to Euro 198,097.6 million.

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
(in thousands)   
Direct deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change  
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
51,471,778 
47,301,234 
4,170,544 
8.82 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
897,973 
 
817,559 
80,414 
9.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
151,882 
 
133,271 
18,611 
13.96 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
10,814,813 
10,009,648 
805,165 
8.04 
Total banks 
63,336,446 
58,261,712 
5,074,734 
8.71 
Other companies and consolidation 
  (195,777) 
  (206,104) 
10,327 
-5.01 
Total 
63,140,669 
58,055,608 
5,085,061 
8.76 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
  
(in thousands)   
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
926,443 
 
761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
926,443 
 
761,177 
165,266 
21.71 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 31 December 2020 (same as at 31 December 2019). 
  
(in thousands)   
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
92,440,968 
89,355,334 
3,085,634 
3.45 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
847,777 
 
575,377 
272,400 
47.34 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,797,054 
 4,750,082 
46,972 
0.99 
Total banks 
98,085,799 
94,680,793 
3,405,006 
3.60 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
30,378,411 
29,822,478 
555,933 
1.86 
Other companies and consolidation 
 (13,688,241) 
 (13,879,919) 
191,678 
-1.38 
Total 
114,775,969 
110,623,352 
4,152,617 
3.75 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 114,776.0 million, up by 3.75% since 
the end of 2019; the positive market trend in the second half of the year and the net inflows to assets under 
management for the year of Euro 665 million led to complete absorption of the negative effect recorded in 
the first quarter, caused by the Covid-19 emergency.  
Assets under management amount to Euro 42,719.3 million (+2.41% from the end of 2019), of which Euro 
17,444.8 million relating to Arca Holding, net of the portion of funds placed by the BPER Group network 
(+1.80% since the end of 2019). Assets under administration amount to Euro 72,056.6 million (+4.57% since 
the end of 2019) which includes the assets under administration of a leading insurance company. 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 31 December 2020.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
(in thousands) 
Liabilities and shareholders' equity 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Due to banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Direct deposits 
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
a) Due to customers 
93,768,069 
58,458,479 
35,309,590 
60.40 
b) Debt securities issued 
4,729,500 
4,682,190 
47,310 
1.01 
Financial liabilities held for trading 
138,979 
170,094 
(31,115) 
-18.29 
Hedging derivatives 
327,519 
469,240 
(141,721) 
-30.20 
Other liabilities 
6,252,607 
2,766,652 
3,485,955 
126.00 
Minority interests 
146,354 
133,983 
12,371 
9.23 
Shareholders' equity pertaining to the Parent 
Company 
6,728,350 
6,200,146 
528,204 
8.52 
a) Valuation reserves 
234,009 
118,105 
115,904 
98.14 
b) Reserves 
2,508,116 
2,360,74333 
147,373 
6.24 
c) Equity instruments 
150,000 
150,000 
- 
- 
d) Share premium reserve 
1,240,871 
1,241,197 
(326) 
-0.03 
e) Share capital 
2,100,435 
2,100,435 
- 
- 
f) Treasury shares 
(6,889) 
(7,259) 
370 
-5.10 
g) Profit (Loss) for the period 
501,808 
236,925 
264,883 
111.80 
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
134,801,623 
93,061,78334 
41,739,840 
44.85 
 
Direct deposits include the amounts due to customers classified in liability caption 70 "Liabilities associated 
with assets classified as held for sale" of the balance sheet. 
 
 
 
33 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. 
34 This data is taken from the BPER Consolidated half-year report as at 30 June 2021. The BPER Group has opted to change the 
measurement method of its property, plant and equipment from cost to fair value starting from 1 January 2021, with specific 
reference to properties held for investment purposes.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(in thousands) 
Captions  
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
90,103,425 
55,115,790 
34,987,635 
63.48 
Time deposits 
283,833 
145,605 
138,228 
94.93 
Repurchase agreements 
71,020 
149,286 
(78,266) 
-52.43 
Lease liabilities 
357,191 
257,071 
100,120 
38.95 
Other short-term loans 
2,952,600 
2,790,727 
161,873 
5.80 
Bonds 
 4,534,972 
4,385,826 
149,146 
3.40 
 - subscribed for by institutional customers 
 3,898,591 
3,565,484 
333,107 
9.34 
 - subscribed for by non-institutional customers 
 
636,381 
820,342 
(183,961) 
-22.42 
Certificates 
 
2,070 
2,175 
(105) 
-4.83 
Certificates of deposit 
192,458 
294,189 
(101,731) 
-34.58 
Direct deposits from customers  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure)  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 - of which under management 
63,190,688 
42,719,321 
20,471,367 
47.92 
 - of which under administration 
82,995,146 
72,056,648 
10,938,498 
15.18 
Customer funds under administration 
244,683,403 
177,916,638 
66,766,765 
37.53 
Deposits from banks 
22,710,245 
20,180,999 
2,529,246 
12.53 
Funds under administration or management 
267,393,648 
198,097,637 
69,296,011 
34.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 98,497.6 million have increased by 56.00% since 31 December 2020. 
Among the various technical forms, current accounts and demand deposits have seen a significantly 
positive change compared with 31 December 2020, for Euro 34,987.6 million (+63.48%), mainly due to the 
effect of acquiring the UBI and ISP business units. An increase was also registered in term deposits by 
Euro 138.2 million (+94.93%) and bonds by Euro 149.1 million (+3.40%), the latter on the back of a new 
issue of a “Social Bonds” by the BPER Group in March 2021 subscribed by institutional investors for a 
nominal amount of Euro 500 million, partly offset by the repayment at maturity of bonds held by both 
institutional and retail/corporate customers.  
On the other hand, compared with 31 December 2020, there has been a decline in repurchase agreements 
by Euro 78.3 million (-52.43%) and certificates of deposit by Euro 101.7 million (-34.58%). 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, a considerable 
increase compared with 31 December 2020 (Euro 31,409.9 million, +27.37%) primarily due to the 
contribution of the UBI and ISP business units (Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) and net assets under 
management gathered for an amount of Euro 0.9 billion  during the six-month period  
Total funds under administration or management of the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 
22,710.2 million) amount to Euro 267,393.6 million, an increase of +34.98% compared with 31 December 
2020.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(in thousands) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
86,304,899 
51,471,778 
34,833,121 
67.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 
727,566 
 
897,973 
(170,407) 
-18.98 
3. Bibanca s.p.a.  
 
247,415 
 
151,882 
95,533 
62.90 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
11,409,884 
10,814,813 
595,071 
5.50 
Total banks 
98,689,764 
63,336,446 
35,353,318 
55.82 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
  (192,195) 
  (195,777) 
3,582 
-1.83 
Total  
98,497,569 
63,140,669 
35,356,900 
56.00 
 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
 
920,056 
 
926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
Total subordinated liabilities 
 
920,056 
 
926,443 
(6,387) 
-0.69 
 
 
There are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 30 June 2021 (the same as at 31 December 2020). 
  
(in thousands) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2021 
31.12.2020 
Change 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca S.p.A.  
122,047,257 
92,440,968 
29,606,289 
32.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a.  
 1,843,886 
 
847,777 
996,109 
117.50 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a.  
 4,823,164 
 4,797,054 
26,110 
0.54 
Total banks 
128,714,307 
98,085,799 
30,628,508 
31.23 
4. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
32,217,542 
30,378,411 
1,839,131 
6.05 
Other companies and consolidation 
adjustments 
 (14,746,015) 
 (13,688,241) 
(1,057,774) 
7.73 
Total  
146,185,834 
114,775,969 
31,409,865 
27.37 
 
 
Indirect deposits from customers, marked to market, come to Euro 146,185.8 million, up by Euro 31,409.9 
million since the end of 2020 (+27.37%) primarily due to the contribution of the UBI and ISP business units 
(Euro 29,254.8 million at 30 June 2021) acquired by BPER Banca and net assets under management 
gathered by the BPER Group or an amount of Euro 0.9 billion during the six-month period.

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment companies contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) 
and in the 2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal 
of the European Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014.  
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council (“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV), 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
CRR2 Regulation applies from 28 June 2021.   
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations 
of the Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy's 
Circular 285, published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates.  
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting 
purposes: companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to 
significant influence and consolidated under the equity method. 
On 30 June 2021, the BPER Group adopted internal models for measuring the capital requirements relating 
to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The scope of the models35 includes 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca. Sardaleasing is formally included in the roll-out plan and 
will adopt the IRB method in accordance with the planned timetable. The other BPER Group companies 
and asset classes not included in the roll-out plan will continue to use the Standardised Approach. 
In relation to the supervisory review and evaluation process, the ECB did not issue any decision on 
prudential requirements in 2020, so the Bank had to comply with prior requirements in place, also taking 
into account the regulatory change introduced to take effect from 12 March 2020 regarding the method of 
holding the requirement of additional Pillar 2 Own Funds (equal to 2%) in the form of at least 56.25% of 
CET1 and 75% of T1.  
At 30 June 2021, the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio requirement to be met was therefore equal to 8.125% 
Phased in and Fully Phased. 
This requirement is also influenced by the additional Countercyclical Capital Buffer requirement specified 
for the BPER Group of 0.003% at 30 June 2021, raising the overall minimum to 8.128%. 
Compared with that limit, the amount of available equity (CET 1) at 30 June 2021 can be quantified at Euro 
2,916 million (about 639 bps of CET1) under the phased in transitional arrangements, while on a Fully 
Phased basis it is estimated at Euro 2,456 million, or about 539 bps of CET 1. 
With regard to the above, the amount calculated for CET1 includes that portion of the profit for the period 
allocable to equity, Euro 445.3 million, as determined in accordance with the process envisaged in art. 3 
of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2, of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 
(CRR). 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2020. 
 
35 The ECB authorised the use of internal models on 24 June 2016.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
(in thousands) 
 
31.12.2020  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
31.12.2019  
Fully 
Loaded 
31.12.2019 
Phased in 
Change 
in Phased 
in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital 
- CET1 
5,272,201 
5,928,350 
4,154,505 
4,828,807 
1,099,543 
22.77 
Additional Tier 1 capital - AT1 
150,623 
150,623 
152,092 
152,092 
(1,469) 
-0.97 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
5,422,824 
6,078,973 
4,306,597 
4,980,899 
1,098,074 
22.05 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
858,760 
859,015 
156,241 
18.19 
Total Own Funds 
6,437,793 
7,094,229 
5,165,357 
5,839,914 
1,254,315 
21.48 
Total Risk-weighted assets 
(RWA) 
33,161,036 
33,501,647 
34,579,423 
34,721,277 
(1,219,630) 
-3.51 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.90% 
17.70% 
12.01% 
13.91% 
379 bps 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.35% 
18.15% 
12.45% 
14.35% 
380 bps 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Total 
Own Funds/RWA) 
19.41% 
21.18% 
14.94% 
16.82% 
436 bps 
 
RWA/Total assets 
35.64% 
36.00% 
43.75% 
43.93% 
-793 bps 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 17.70% (13.91% at 31 December 2019). The Fully-
Loaded Ratio is 15.90% (12.01% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Phased In) of 18.15% (14.35% at 31 December 2019); 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 21.18% (16.82% at 31 December 2019). 
The capital ratios are equal to 15.14% for the CET1 Ratio Phased In, 13.52% for the CET1 Ratio Fully 
Loaded, 15.60% for the T1 Ratio Phased In and 18.66% for the TC Ratio Phased In if we separate the impact 
of the increase in capital for the acquisition of Business Unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
Note that the BPER Banca Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are 
summarised below: 
 
credit risk: for Group entities represented by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, the 
credit risk measurement is performed using the AIRB method. For Banks and other Companies 
that are not in the scope of validation and for other risk assets not included in the validated 
models, the standardised approach has been maintained; 
 
credit down-rating risk: the standardised approach is used;  
 
market risk: the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk 
on equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for UCITS units) to determine the 
related individual and consolidated capital requirement; 
 
operational risk: operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA). 
 
 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy 
requirements for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 202136. 
(in thousands) 
 
30.06.2021  
Fully Phased 
30.06.2021 
Phased in 
31.12.2020 
Fully Phased, 
restated 
31.12.2020 
Phased in 
restated 
Change 
in Phased 
in 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 
capital- CET1 
6,157,501 
6,625,653 
5,275,526 
5,931,675 
693,978 
11.70 
Additional Tier 1 capital - 
AT1 
150,601 
150,601 
150,623 
150,623 
(22) 
-0.01 
Tier 1 capital - Tier 1 
6,308,102 
6,776,254 
5,426,149 
6,082,298 
693,956 
11.41 
Tier 2 capital -  Tier 2 - T2 
1,061,589 
1,061,589 
1,014,969 
1,015,256 
46,333 
4.56 
Total Own Funds 
7,369,691 
7,837,843 
6,441,118 
7,097,554 
740,289 
10.43 
Total Risk-weighted 
assets (RWA) 
45,542,971 
45,619,802 
33,371,840 
33,487,963 
12,131,839 
36.23 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
13.52% 
14.52% 
15.81% 
17.71% 
-319 b.p. 
 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
13.85% 
14.85% 
16.26% 
18.16% 
-331 b.p. 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Total 
Own Funds/RWA) 
16.18% 
17.18% 
19.30% 
21.19% 
-401 b.p. 
 
RWA/Total assets 
33.79% 
33.84% 
35.86% 
35.98% 
-214 b.p. 
 
 
The capital ratios are as follows: 
 
36 The comparative ratios are calculated on the figures at 31 December 2020, which take into account the effects of the retrospective 
application of the change in the measurement method for the properties held for investment.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
Common Equity Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.52%37 (17.71% at 31 December 202038). The Fully 
Phased ratio is 13.52% (15.81% at 31 December 2020 restated39); 
 
Tier 1 ratio (Phased In) of 14.85%40 (18.16% at 31 December 2020 restated41); 
 
Total Capital Ratio (Phased in) of 17.18%42 (21.19% at 31 December 202043). 
 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2020 compared with 31 
December 2019. 
 
37 Reg. 2395/2017 "Transitional provisions for mitigating the impact of the introduction of IFRS 9 on own funds" introduced the 
transitional regime (the so-called Phased in), offering banks the option to mitigate the impacts of IFRS 9 on Own Funds over a period 
of 5 years (from March 2018 to December 2022), by neutralising the impact on CET1 with the application of decreasing add-back 
factors over time. The BPER Group elected to apply the "static approach" to the impact arising from a reconciliation of impairment 
losses under IAS 39 as at 31 December 2017 to impairment losses under IFRS 9 as at 1 January 2018. 
38 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
39 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
40 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
41 See the previous note on comparative figures. 
42 See the previous note on transitional provisions. 
43 See the previous note on comparative figures.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
31.12.2020 
31.12.2019 
10. 
Interest and similar income  
1,431,109 
1,419,767 
 
of which: interest income calculated using the effective 
1,422,351 
1,395,908 
20. 
Interest and similar expense  
(192,233) 
(255,228) 
30. 
Net interest income 
1,238,876 
1,164,539 
40. 
Commission income 
1,246,875 
1,043,000 
50. 
Commission expense 
(174,361) 
(111,050) 
60. 
Net commission income 
1,072,514 
931,950 
70. 
Dividends and similar income  
18,492 
14,101 
80. 
Net income from trading activities 
(14,220) 
180 
90. 
Net income from hedging activities 
(653) 
(1,546) 
100. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal or repurchase of:  
141,182 
116,600 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
130,513 
38,710 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
10,356 
77,664 
 
c) financial liabilities  
313 
226 
110. 
Net income on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair 
value through profit or loss 
11,856 
(1,241) 
 
a) financial assets and liabilities designated at fair value 
(3,683) 
(8,436) 
 
b) other financial assets mandatorily measured at fair value 
15,539 
7,195 
120. 
Net interest and other banking income 
2,468,047 
2,224,583 
130. 
Net impairment losses for credit risk relating to:  
(542,239) 
(446,291) 
 
a) financial assets measured at amortised cost 
(541,877) 
(447,547) 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
(362) 
1,256 
140. 
Gains (Losses)  from contractual modifications without 
(2,141) 
(2,979) 
150. 
Net income from financial activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
180. 
Net income from financial and insurance activities 
1,923,667 
1,775,313 
190. 
Administrative expenses: 
(1,687,910) 
(1,699,466) 
 
a) staff costs 
(960,719) 
(1,049,686) 
 
b) other administrative expenses 
(727,191) 
(649,780) 
200. 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(21,029) 
(12,193) 
 
a) commitments and guarantees granted 
(6,329) 
9,032 
 
b) other net provisions 
(14,700) 
(21,225) 
210. 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment  
(118,816) 
(125,524) 
220. 
Net adjustments to intangible assets 
(59,702) 
(59,552) 
230. 
Other operating expense/income 
169,491 
188,348 
240. 
Operating costs 
(1,717,966) 
(1,708,387) 
250. 
Gains (Losses) on equity investments 
(2,945) 
7,213 
275. 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
343,361 
280. 
Gains (Losses) on disposal of investments 
866 
(602) 
290. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax  
203,622 
416,898 
300. 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
67,045 
(22,446) 
310. 
Profit (Loss) from current operations after tax 
270,667 
394,452 
330. 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
270,667 
394,452 
340. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(25,017) 
(14,869) 
350. 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
245,650 
379,583 
 
 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2021 compared with 30 June 2020.

--- Page 148 ---
148 
(in thousands) 
Captions 
30.06.2021 
30.06.2020 
Change 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
728,322 
618,251 
110,071 
17.80 
40+50 
Net commission income 
733,958 
512,697 
221,261 
43.16 
70 
Dividends 
13,947 
12,843 
1,104 
8.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
119,712 
52,474 
67,238 
128.14 
230  
Other operating expense/income 
2,488 
24,331 
(21,843) 
-89.77 
 
Operating income 
1,598,427 
1,220,596 
377,831 
30.95 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(657,203) 
(504,664) 
(152,539) 
30.23 
190 b)  
Other administrative expenses 
(347,283) 
(231,463) 
(115,820) 
50.04 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant 
and equipment and intangible assets 
(106,964) 
(81,353) 
(25,611) 
31.48 
 
Operating costs 
(1,111,450) 
(817,480) 
(293,970) 
35.96 
 
Net operating income 
486,977 
403,116 
83,861 
20.80 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial 
assets at amortised cost 
(576,295) 
(297,322) 
(278,973) 
93.83 
 
- loans to customers 
(576,896) 
(293,837) 
(283,059) 
96.33 
 
- other  financial assets 
601 
(3,485) 
4,086 
-117.25 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial 
assets at fair value 
1,686 
(858) 
2,544 
-296.50 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual 
modifications without derecognition 
(1,779) 
(442) 
(1,337) 
302.49 
 
Net impairment losses for credit 
risk 
(576,388) 
(298,622) 
(277,766) 
93.02 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(50,506) 
(14,901) 
(35,605) 
238.94 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF - VS 
(46,161) 
(34,163) 
(11,998) 
35.12 
250+260+270 
+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
(253,284) 
(10,087) 
(243,197) 
-- 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
1,149,922 
- 
1,149,922 
n.s. 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations 
before tax 
710,560 
45,343 
665,217 
-- 
300 
Income taxes on current operations 
for the period 
(191,732) 
68,021 
(259,753) 
-381.87 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period  
518,828 
113,364 
405,464 
357.67 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining 
to minority interests 
(17,020) 
(10,868) 
(6,152) 
56.61 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
pertaining to the Parent Company 
501,808 
102,496 
399,312 
389.59 
 
 
Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department now reports directly to the Parent Company's Chief Executive Officer 
and is broken down into the following Organisational Units: 
 
Rating Office and Risk Governance Office, as staff functions for the Chief Risk Officer; 
 
Financial Risk Department; 
 
Credit and Operational Risk Department; 
 
Credit Control and Internal Ratification Department.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
The Risk Management Department, as the Group's risk control function, aims to collaborate in the 
definition and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework and the related risk governance policies, 
through an adequate risk management process. 
An integral part of its mission is to ensure adequate reporting to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent 
Company and Group companies.  
The Risk Management Department extends its area of responsibility to all of the Group companies 
included in the current risk map, given that the "Group Guidelines - Internal Control System" provide for 
centralised management of the risk control function by the Parent Company. 
The Group companies that have this function outsource it to the Parent Company, with the exception of 
the Luxembourg based company44. 
The mission of the Risk Management Department is carried out as part of the Parent Company's guidance 
and coordination activity as an outsourcer for Group banks and companies.  
The Risk Management Department operates at Group companies through a Contact (who functionally 
reports to it) identified at the various Group companies. 
The responsibilities of the Risk Management Department are entrusted to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO), 
who performs the role with support from the organisational units that report hierarchically to the 
department. The principal activities include: 
 
within the ambit of the Risk Appetite Framework, proposing the quantitative and qualitative 
parameters necessary for its definition, both in the normal course of business and in situations of 
stress, ensuring their adequacy over time in relation to changes in the internal and external 
context; 
 
proposal of risk governance policies for measurable and non-measurable risks not allocated to 
other control functions (limited to the sections relating to risk management and 
exposure/operational limits) and oversight of their implementation, ensuring that the various 
stages of the risk management process are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
 
development of risk management methodologies, processes and tools via the identification, 
measurement/assessment, monitoring and reporting of risks, ensuring their adequacy over time 
through the development and application of indicators designed to highlight anomalous 
situations and inefficiencies. In particular: 
 
definition of common metrics of operational risk assessment (including IT risks) that are 
consistent with the RAF, in coordination with the Compliance Function, the ICT function and the 
Business Continuity function; 
 
definition of methods to evaluate and control reputational risk, in coordination with the 
Compliance function and the corporate functions that are most exposed to this type of risk; 
 
provision of assistance to the Corporate Bodies in the assessment of strategic risk by monitoring 
significant variables; 
 
monitoring the actual risk profile assumed in relation to the risk objectives defined in the RAF, 
collaborating in the definition of operating limits for the assumption of various types of risk and 
constantly verifying their adequacy and compliance, reporting any overruns to Corporate Bodies; 
 
44 Circular CSSF 14/597 – Update of circular CSSF 12/552 on the central administration, internal governance and risk 
management "117. Outsourcing the compliance function and risk control function is not authorised."

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
provision of support to the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the ICAAP and 
ILAAP, preparation of reports to be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and coordination of 
the various phases of the process and performance of those assigned to it; 
 
coordination of the process for the preparation and update of the BPER Group recovery plan to 
be submitted to the Supervisory Authority and performance of the phases assigned to it; 
 
coordination of activities associated with the internal stress testing programme with the help of 
the various organisational structures involved, in the various execution areas (operational and 
regulatory stress test); 
 
checking the adequacy and effectiveness of the measures taken to correct weaknesses in the risk 
management process; 
 
development, ratification45 and upkeep of the internal systems of risk measurement, ensuring 
compliance with the instructions issued by the Supervisory Authority, as well as consistency with 
the operational needs of the company and the evolution of the market; 
 
provision of preventive advice on the consistency of more significant transactions with the RAF, 
acquiring if necessary, depending on the nature of the transaction, the opinion of other functions 
involved in the risk management process; 
 
analysis of risks deriving from new products/services and from entry into new business 
segments; 
 
control of the rating and override processes; 
 
performance of second-level checks on the lending process, verifying the existence of effective 
supervision over credit exposures (especially if impaired), the proper classification of risk and the 
adequacy of provisions; the effectiveness of the recovery process; 
 
involvement in defining, updating and monitoring the Non-Performing Loans strategy 
(providing estimates of the impact on the risk parameters used in the internal rating system and 
on the Group's capital profile in terms of RWA and Shortfall), as well as in policies and processes 
for their management before submission to the Corporate Bodies of the Parent Company and 
Group companies;  
 
it handles execution of the activities included in the second-level control framework on non-
performing loans; 
 
it coordinates the preliminary activities for the preparation and updating of the Resolution Plan, 
prepared by the Resolution Authority, directly carrying out the steps that are within its sphere of 
competence.  
In addition, the Risk Management Department: 
 
takes part in the definition of the Group's strategy, assessing the relative impact on risk; 
 
takes part in deciding on strategic changes to the Group's internal control system. 
 
Business Continuity 
During the first half of 2021, the annual activities aimed at the “ordinary management” of business 
continuity were resumed and aimed at updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and 
of the Group's Banks and Companies. 
The innovative elements that characterised the first half of 2021 concerned: 
 
45 Through the Model Ratification Office

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
integration of the 2020 Business Continuity Plan following the acquisition of the business complex 
from ISP; 
 
updating the Disaster Recovery Plan in order to incorporate the organisational and technological/ 
infrastructural changes that took place following the the acquisition of the business complex from 
ISP; 
 
extension of the scope of the macro processes subject to impact analysis, with extension to the 
entire perimeter; 
 
optimisation of the Business Impact Analysis (“BIA”) cards within the Orbit IT tool (extension of 
the impact assessment for time spans up to 20 days, in order to prioritise processes with recovery 
needs exceeding 72 hours); 
 
use of the Orbit "Test" module also for the production of reports accompanying the Disaster 
Recovery checks; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) aimed at increasing awareness of the Group's 
Business Continuity Supplier contacts, figures supporting the monitoring of suppliers identified 
as "critical" within the BIA 2020 and FEI outsourcing; 
 
the provision of training sessions (webinars) dedicated to the Heads of the Organisational Units 
of the Group Companies involved in the impact analysis; 
 
planning, within the Group Test Plan, of specific remote verification sessions, in order to verify 
the solutions identified and implemented for the pandemic scenario during 2020. 
The updated version of the "Operating Instructions of the sub-process for ordinary management of Business 
Continuity" is also soon to be issued, through which the updates imposed by the internal and external 
regulations of the sector, already included in the "Group Regulation of the Process for Ordinary Management 
of Business Continuity”, will be implemented.

--- Page 152 ---
152 
Recent Developments 
Merger for absorption of Tholos with Nadia  
The merger of Tholos s.p.a. with Nadia s.p.a., both real estate companies controlled by BPER and wholly 
owned respectively by Banco di Sardegna and BPER, took effect for legal, accounting and tax purposes on 
1 January 2021. This operation forms part of the initiatives designed to simplify the BPER Group and 
increase its operational efficiency, as envisaged in the 2019-2021 Business Plan, while enhancing the value 
of its property assets. 
Amendments to the Articles of Association relating to the appointment of the Corporate Bodies 
On 29 January 2021, the Shareholders' Meeting approved draft amendments to the Articles of Association, 
prepared by the Board of Directors on 5 August 2020 and authorised by the European Central Bank on 15 
December 2020. The purpose of the amendments was mainly to align the rules of composition of the Board 
with BPER’s transformation into a joint-stock company and the subsequent evolution of the Bank's 
ownership structure. 
Acquisition of the business unit from the Intesa Sanpaolo Group - acquisition completed 
On 19 February 2021, the final contracts were signed for the purchase of a line of business consisting of 
three business units from the ISP. The transfer to BPER of the business units owned by UBI and UBISS 
s.c.p.a. took place for legal purposes on 22 February 2021, whereas the transfer of the business unit owned 
by Intesa Sanpaolo took effect on 21 June 2021.  
Sale of non performing loans 
During the first few days of July 2021, a remaining sale of UTP receivables to specialized investors was 
finalized. 
On 23 July 2021 the sale of a portfolio of small tickets non-performing loans (over 5 thousand debtors) 
with a gross value of 82.5 million euros to a professional investor against payment in cash (the 
"Mandalorian" transaction) was finalized. 
On 28 July 2021, the BPER Group formally initiated (by means of legal transfer to an SPV) the activities 
aimed at a further massive sale of non-performing loans, to be completed during the second half of 2021 
by means of a securitization transaction pursuant to Law 130/99, in compliance with the requirements to 
be assisted by GACS. 
Allocation of 2020 profit of the Parent Company 
The Shareholders’ Meeting, which met in ordinary session on 21 April 2021, approved the draft financial 
statements and the consolidated financial statements for the year 2020, the appropriation of the profit for 
the year 2020 and the distribution of a unit dividend of EUR 0.04 per share, for a maximum total amount 
of 56,530,540.48, with allocation of EUR 6,744,944.91 to the unavailable reserve and 6,855,391.59 euros to 
the legal reserve. 
Approval of the Phantom Stock number to be allocated in implementation of the 2020 remuneration policies of the 
BPER Group 
On 14 September 2021 BPER announced that an ordinary share buy-back programme will be launched on 
15 September 2021, to be completed indicatively by 31 October 2021. The buy-back programme is 
functional for the free-of-charge allocation of BPER Banca ordinary shares to the employees of the BPER

--- Page 153 ---
153 
Group as part of the “2019-2021 Long-Term Incentive Plan for Material Risk Takers”, the 2021 MBO 
incentive plan and any severance payments due. The buyback will be carried out under the terms 
approved by BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 21 April 2021 as previously disclosed to the market, within 
a maximum duration period of 12 months from 8 April 2021, the date of authorisation by the ECB. 
BPER’s Shareholders Meeting of 21 April 2021 authorised the purchase, in one or more tranches, of up to 
a maximum number of 5,000,000 BPER Banca shares, to date corresponding to 0.35% of the Company’s 
share capital and in any case for a total consideration not exceeding EUR 10 million. 
Process to optimise workforce and promote generational turnover 
On 23 September 2021 the BPER’s Board of Directors resolved to launch a process aimed at promoting 
generational and professional turnover, combined with a reduction in the BPER Group’s workforce, as 
part of the guidelines of the 2022-2024 Business Plan currently being defined.  
The measures approved, to be implemented by 2024, including via the Solidarity Fund, will make it 
possible to optimise the workforce by structurally reducing personnel costs. Workforce optimisation1 
entails the exit of approximately 1,700 employees and a plan for the recruitment.  
The initiative, expected to be expensed in 2021, will be implemented subject to prior completion of the 
trade union consultation process and in compliance with regulations in force. 
BPER sets up Sustainability Committee and joins Borsa Italiana’s MIB ESG index 
On 18 October 2021 BPER’s Board of Directors set up a Sustainability Committee with advisory and 
propositional functions to support the Board in the activities that cover environmental, social and 
governance (ESG) issues, reverberating on all processes which make it possible to pursue sustainable 
development. 
The Sustainability Committee is presided over by BPER’s Chairperson, Flavia Mazzarella, and is 
comprised of the Bank’s Directors Riccardo Barbieri and Elisa Valeriani. 
BPER was also included in the new MIB ESG index of Borsa Italiana (a company of the Euronext Group) 
for domestic blue-chips, which tracks major Italian listed issuers with best ESG practices. Launched by 
Euronext in partnership with Vigeo Eiris (part of Moody’s ESG Solutions), it combines economic 
performance measurement with ESG considerations in line with the principles of the UN Global Compact.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
REGULATORY SECTION 
 
 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning  
 
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans (“NPLs”) as amended and 
supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and best 
practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the 
guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB 
published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative guidance 
on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB’s supervisory expectations for prudent levels of provisions for 
new NPLs. 
 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks 
should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely 
managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, it 
asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, and 
portfolio sales.  
 
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks should 
explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration in the 
Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may trigger 
supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-
performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential backstop" to prevent the risk 
of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and 
regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results 
of operations and cash flow. 
 
Evolving regulatory environment 
 
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER are subject 
to various and constant changes. 
 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which by Italian domestic and European Union 
legislation relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the 
Bank of Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European 
Central Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various 
forms. The laws and regulations applicable to BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage and are 
designed to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in banking groups, 
and to limit their exposure to risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with laws and regulations regarding financial 
services, such as those governing the marketing distribution and sales of financial products and services. 
 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer’s business activities, 
including (inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, the prevention of money laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and proper conduct 
in relations with customers and compliance with records keeping and reporting obligations. 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their enforcement 
that may not be to the Issuer’s benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators of the laws 
and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A breach of any regulations by the 
Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities and the Issuer could come under investigation and 
surveillance, and be involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer may also become subject to new 
regulations and guidelines that may require additional expenditures, investments in systems and people and 
compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with respect 
to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and could limit 
the Group’s ability to distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a significant impact on 
the Issuer by, among others, requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly liquid but 
lower-yielding financial instruments, which can negatively affect its interest margin. 
 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will 
not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER 
Group. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the above 
regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the “Bank Recovery and Resolution 
Directive” or “BRRD”) entered into force.  
 
The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early 
and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to ensure the continuity of the institution’s critical financial and 
economic functions, while minimising the impact of an institution’s failure on the economy and financial system. 
  
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the relevant 
resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable prospect that 
any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a reasonable timeframe, 
and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: (i) sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct 
the sale of the firm or the whole or part of its business on commercial terms; (ii) bridge institution - which enables 
resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to a “bridge institution” (an entity created for 
this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); (iii) asset separation - which enables resolution authorities 
to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a 
view to maximising their value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another 
resolution tool only); and (iv) bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of 
unsecured creditors of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims  to equity (the “General Bail-
in Tool”), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above resolution 
tools (including the bail.in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, to be able to 
provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These consist of the 
public entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial support must be 
provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in breach 
of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less than its 
liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they fall due; or 
(iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated Notes) 
at the point of non-viability and before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken (“Non-Viability 
Loss Absorption”). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory conversion into 
equity may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in cancellation or dilution 
of the shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss Absorption measure, the point of 
non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority determines that the institution or, under 
certain circumstances, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but no resolution action has yet been taken) or 
that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer be viable unless the relevant capital 
instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is to be provided and without such support 
the appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group would no longer be 
viable.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy (the 
“BRRD Implementing Decrees”) were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, while 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals principally 
with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Implementing Decrees 
entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 2016; and (ii) 
the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and those of 
individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest 
payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes payable, 
including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are subject to 
Article 44(2) of the BRRD. In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the 
application of the General Bail-In Tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the resolution authority 
may partially or fully exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD 
specifically contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Further, although the BRRD 
provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the 
BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater 
losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings.  
 
Notwithstanding the above, it should be noted that pursuant to Article 44 (2) of the BRRD, as implemented in Italy 
by Article 49 of Legislative Decree No. 180 of 16 November 2015, resolution authorities shall not exercise the write 
down or conversion powers in relation to secured liabilities, including covered bonds or their related hedging 
instruments, save to the extent that these powers may be exercised in relation to any part of a secured liability 
(including covered bonds and their related hedging instruments), that exceeds the value of the assets, pledge, lien or 
collateral against which it is secured. 
 
 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the “BRRD Amending Directive”) entered into force. The BRRD Amending 
Directive must be brought into force by the EU Member States by 29 December 2018. It requires Member States to 
create a new class of the so-called “senior non-preferred” debt instruments which would rank just below the most 
senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being part of the senior unsecured 
debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to meet MREL and TLAC requirements 
(both terms as defined below). The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will only apply to 
new issuances of bank debts.  In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 
December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to “non-preferred” senior debt instruments. The 
amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of unsecured debt in 
bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the priority ranking of bank 
bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards banks’ compliance with the 
TLAC standard (for G-SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in the Financial Stability Forum. In 
addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors and reducing the risk of legal challenges, 
these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in resolution.  
 
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the revised 
Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Consolidated Banking 
Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been harmonised by 
the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive and is applicable to all deposit guarantee schemes; (ii) lays down the 
minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details intervention methods of the 
national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of reimbursement to depositors in case of 
insolvency of a credit institution.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and liabilities 
eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. "Minimum 
Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" – “MREL”). MREL represents one of the key tools to improve 
banks’ resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank’s capital position 
after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors bear losses regardless of 
which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting with the relevant competent authority, will 
set the MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment criteria identified by the EBA in its regulatory 
technical standards (RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on criteria for determining MREL 
requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write down or conversion of an amount 
of own funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the loss absorption amount and the 
recapitalisation amount, subject to certain considerations.  The resolution authority has discretion to allow BRRD 
institutions to meet part of their MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in instruments". The BRRD does not 
foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum amount for each bank to national 
resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to the Single Resolution Board (the “SRB”) 
for banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft regulatory technical standards which 
further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate MREL, as further implemented by 
European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450, see below.  
 
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB 
shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 2016. 
Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate 
transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched a 
public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 23 November 2016, the 
European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed amendments to 
the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that the MREL – which should be expressed as a percentage of the total 
risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution – should be determined 
by the resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in resolution and recapitalise the 
bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed that resolution authorities may require institutions to meet higher 
levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution that are higher than those expected under a standard resolution 
scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in the entity post-resolution. It is currently envisaged that in 
the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement the competent  resolution authority shall have 
the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the maximum distributable amount related to the 
minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-called “M-MDA”).  
 
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU 
Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for the 
purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with the 
national resolution authorities (“NRAs”), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary approach 
consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL requirements. The SRB 
is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced binding requirements and started 
to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. During 2017, the SRB developed its 
MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. Considering the need to address the 
specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution planning cycle in two 
waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not have binding targets – for instance those with 
no presence outside the Banking Union – to be addressed first based on an MREL policy largely following the 2017 
approach and published on 20 November 2018. For the second wave of resolution plans, covering the most complex 
banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 January 2019.  
 
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking Package 
(CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was followed by an 
overall updated MREL Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 May 2020, which 
covers: (a) MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) changes to the calibration 
of MREL, including introducing MREL based on the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the quality of MREL 
(subordination); (d) dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for resolution strategies, 
such as multiple point of entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications on third-country issuances; 
and (g) how these changes will be phased in.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking Package in 
the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the beginning of 2021. These 
decisions replaced those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new decision will set out two binding 
MREL targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and 
the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024. 
 
The current regime is expected to evolve as a result of further changes agreed by EU legislators. On 7 June 2019, as 
part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single Resolution Fund 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (“CRR”) and Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (“CRD IV”), the following 
legislative texts have been published in the EU’s Official Journal: 
 
(i) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2014/59/EU with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions 
and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC ("BRRD II"),  
 
(ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRM II Regulation"), 
 
(iii) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, 
and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"), and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted 
entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures ("CRD V" and, together with BRRD II, SRM II 
Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms"). 
 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the "TLAC 
standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating to the 
specific MREL. 
 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption and 
recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions concerning 
the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the financial 
performance of the BPER Group.The BRRD II reforms shall be transposed in each Member States within eighteen 
months from its entry into force whilst provisions concerning the new MREL regime should be applied from 1 
January 2024. 
 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early stage 
and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any suspension of 
activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements 
(including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of any 
such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of securities 
issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability of the credit 
institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a 
new review of BRRD (“BRRD III”), the SRM Regulation (“SRM III”), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes (“DGSD II”). This public consultation 
was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general objectives of the review, 
and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders’ experience with the current Covid-19 crisis and framework 
and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, liquidation and other available 
measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy in the EU and impact on the ‘no

--- Page 159 ---
159 
creditor worse off’ principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD 
II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission launched a general public 
consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
 
BPER Group’s continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on 
its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in 
which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with new 
legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation may 
lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of the 
characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution mechanisms 
or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a negative impact on 
the Group’s business, performance and/or financial condition. 
 
ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism 
 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the ECB concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") for the establishment of a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national regulatory 
authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over “banks of 
systemic importance” in the Eurozone. In this respect, “banks of systemic importance” include any Eurozone bank 
that (i) has assets greater than €30 billion or – unless the total value of its assets is below €5 billion – greater than 
20% of national gross domestic product; (ii) is one of the three most significant credit institutions established in a 
Member State; (iii) has requested, or is a recipient of, direct assistance from the European Financial Stability Facility 
or the European Stability Mechanism; and (iv) is considered by the ECB to be of significant relevance where it has 
established banking subsidiaries in more than one participating Member State and its cross-border assets/liabilities 
represent a significant part of its total assets/liabilities. 
 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of these criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with national 
competent authorities or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution significant to 
ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. The Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the 
European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 established the framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism between the European Central Bank and national competent authorities and with national designated 
authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation"). 
 
The relevant national competent authorities for the purposes of the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework 
Regulation continue to have supervisory responsibilities not conferred on the ECB, such as consumer protection, 
money laundering, payment services, and supervision over branches of third country banks. The ECB, on the other 
hand, is exclusively responsible for key tasks concerning the prudential supervision of credit institutions, which 
includes, inter alia, the power to: (i) authorise and withdraw the authorisation of all credit institutions in the Eurozone 
and in the Member States participating to the SSM; (ii) assess acquisition and disposal of holdings in other banks; 
(iii) ensure compliance with all prudential requirements laid down in general EU banking rules; (iv) set, where 
necessary, higher prudential requirements for certain banks to protect financial stability under the conditions provided 
by EU law; (v) ensure compliance with robust corporate governance practices and internal capital adequacy 
assessment controls; and (vi) intervene at the early stages when risks to the viability of a bank exist, in coordination 
with the relevant resolution authorities.  
 
The BPER Group is one of the major European banks supervised directly by the ECB. The ECB is required under 
the SSM Regulation to carry out a Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (“SREP”) at least on an annual basis. 
The SREP is aimed at ensuring that institutions have in place adequate arrangements, strategies, processes and 
mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types and distribution of internal capital proportionate to their risk profile, as 
well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key aim of SREP is to make sure that institutions 
have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to allow for sound management and coverage of the risks 
to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing and risks the institution may pose 
to the financial system. 
 
In order to foster consistency and efficiency of supervisory practices across the Eurozone, on 22 February 2019 the 
EBA published a single supervisory handbook applicable to EU Member States (the "EBA Supervisory

--- Page 160 ---
160 
Handbook"). The adoption of the EBA Supervisory Handbook relies on Article 29(2) of Regulation (EU) No 
1093/2010 establishing the EBA. Whilst it is not binding nor subject to comply/explain by the resolution authorities, 
the EBA Supervisory Handbook is an instrument to promote convergence of approaches, practices and processes. 
 
On 12 March 2020 in reaction to the covid-19 outbreak the ECB announced measures expected to provide capital 
relief to banks in support of the economy. These measures include the permission to (i) operate temporarily below 
the level of capital defined by Pillar 2 guidance, the “capital conservation buffer” and the liquidity coverage ratio 
(LCR) and (ii) bring forward the use of capital instruments that do not qualify as CET1 capital (for example 
Additional Tier 1 instruments and Tier 2 instruments) to meet Pillar 2 requirements. 
 
There can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP and whether this will impose further additional own 
funds requirements (or guidance) on the Issuer. The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, restrictions on 
liquidity and increase in any of the liquidity coverage, net stable funding, leverage and other ratio requirements could 
adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM" 
and "SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning 
the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") with national 
resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists 
of the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission and 
the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the ECB and 
the national resolution authorities.  
 
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 banks 
started to pay contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting from 
2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes).  
 
The Fund will be gradually built up during the first eight years (2016-2023) and is intended to reach the target level 
of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit institutions within the Banking Union by 31 
December 2023. The Fund shall not be used to absorb the losses of an institution or to recapitalize an institution. 
 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority –
the Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part of 
the Banking Union. 
 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the negative 
feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in resolution; and 
(c) giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking Union ones, due to the 
availability of a larger resolution fund. 
 
 
MiFID II/R implementation 
 
The Directive 2014/65/EU on the markets in financial instruments ("MiFID II") and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 
on markets in financial instruments ("MiFIR" and together with MiFID II, "MiFID II/R") repealed and recast the 
Directive 2004/39/EC ("MiFID"). Together MiFID II/R form the legal framework governing the requirements 
applicable to investment firms, trading venues, data reporting service providers and third-country firms providing 
investment services in the EU. MiFID II/R, entered into force on 2 July 2014. Member States were required to adopt

--- Page 161 ---
161 
and publish by 3 July 2017 the measures transposing the MiFID II Directive into national law and apply those 
provisions (with some exceptions) from 3 January 2018. 
 
MiFID II/R amends existing provisions on authorisation, conduct of business and organizational requirements for 
providers of investment services. These rules aim at strengthening the protection of investors, through the 
introduction of new requirements on product governance, independent investment advice and cross-selling, the 
extension of existing rules to structured deposits and the improvement of requirements in several areas, including on 
the responsibility of management bodies, inducements, information and reporting to clients, remuneration of staff 
and best execution. It establishes, inter alia, uniform requirements in relation to disclosure of trade data to the public, 
reporting of transactions to the competent authorities, trading of derivatives on organised venues, benchmarks and 
intervention powers of competent authorities, ESMA and EBA.  
 
MiFID II/R brings much of the transparency traditional in equity markets to bond trading. MiFID II/R’s regulatory 
regime brings into effect pre-trade transparency for bonds as well as post-trade. This will result in a significant impact 
on the market structure of bond markets. Bond pre-trade and post-trade transparency requirements will be calibrated 
for different types of bond market trading structures such as order-book, quote-driven, hybrid and periodic auction 
trading systems. In order to calibrate bonds correctly for MiFID II/R transparency obligations, IT systems have had 
to be enhanced, developed or built from scratch - a major undertaking for the industry. Banks, regulators and investors 
are dependent on data collected to meet MiFID II/R’s commitments. 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/445  
 
The ECB has repeatedly declared its intention to harmonize the options and national discretions that are embedded 
in the EU Banking Reform. In this respect, ECB has adopted the Regulation (EU) 2016/445 of 14 March 2016 on 
the exercise of options and discretions available in EU law ("OD Regulation"). The OD Regulation specifies certain 
of the options and discretions conferred on competent authorities under EU law concerning prudential requirements 
for credit institutions that the ECB is exercising. It applies exclusively with regard to those credit institutions 
classified as “significant” in accordance with Article 6(4) of Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, and Part IV and Article 
147(1) of Regulation (EU) No 468/2014. The OD Regulation entered into force on 1 October 2016, with Article 13 
applicable from 1 January 2019. From the OD Regulation, while taking due account of the principle of 
proportionality, the ECB has identified certain options and discretions which should be exercised in the same way 
by national competent authorities in the supervision of less significant institutions. To this end, in April 2017, the 
ECB published a guideline on the exercise of the options and discretions available in the EU law for less significant 
institutions. 
 
Covered Bond Legislative Package  
 
In March 2018, the European Commission proposed a dedicated EU legal and regulatory framework for covered 
bonds, consisting of a directive and a regulation (the “Covered Bond Legislative Package”).  
 
On 18 December 2019, the Covered Bond Legislative Package was published in the Official Gazette of the European 
Union and the official entry into force of the Covered Bond Legislative Package occurred on 7 January 2020 – twenty 
days after the relevant publication. The Member States have now 18 months (after the entry into force) to transpose 
the directive into national law (indicatively, within July 2021), and the transposed law and the regulation will be 
applied throughout the European Union within the following 12 months.  
 
More in particular, the directive is aimed at providing a common definition of covered bonds, defining the structural 
features of the instrument and identifying the assets that can be considered eligible in the pool backing the debt 
obligations. The directive is also aimed at establishing a special public supervision for covered bonds and setting out 
the rules allowing the use of the ‘European Covered Bonds' label. The regulation is aimed at amending the CRR with 
the purpose of strengthening the conditions for granting preferential capital treatment to covered bonds, by adding 
further requirements.  
 
On 29 October 2020, the Italian Senate approved the draft European Delegated Law 2019-2020, which is aimed – 
once formally adopted – to delegate the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – Directive (EU) 2019/2162. 
According to the draft European Delegated Law 2019:  
 
• the Bank of Italy will be the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds;

--- Page 162 ---
162 
• the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of Directive (EU) 
2019/2162, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity structures; and  
• the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set for covered 
bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under Article 1 of Regulation (EU) 
2019/2162 (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the cover pool).

--- Page 163 ---
163 
DESCRIPTION OF THE GUARANTOR 
The Guarantor has been established as a special purpose vehicle for the purpose of guaranteeing the 
Covered Bonds 
Name and Legal Form of the Guarantor 
The Guarantor was incorporated in the Republic of Italy on 19 February 2010 with the original corporate name 
of Paxi Finance S.r.l., as a limited liability company incorporated under Law 130, with VAT number, fiscal code 
number and registration number with the companies’ register of Treviso-Belluno No. 04362620264, VAT Group 
“Gruppo IVA BPER Banca” - VAT number 03830780361. On 24 October 2011, the Bank of Italy has authorised 
the purchase by the Issuer of up to 60 per cent. of the quota capital of the Guarantor. The Guarantor has a 
duration until 31 December 2100. 
By way of a quotaholders’ resolution adopted on 7 June 2011, (i) the by-laws of the company have been 
amended in order to allow the company to act as special purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in 
accordance with the article 7-bis of Law 130; and (ii) the corporate name of the Guarantor was changed from 
“Paxi Finance S.r.l.” to “Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.”. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, and the telephone 
number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926. 
The authorised, issued and paid in quota capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000.00. 
“Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.” is currently the Guarantor’s legal name and the Guarantor has no commercial 
name. 
The Guarantor operates under Italian legislation. 
Business overview 
The exclusive purpose of the Guarantor is to purchase from banks (belonging either to the BPER Group or to 
other banking groups) against payment, receivables and securities also issued in the context of a securitisation, 
in compliance with article 7-bis of Law 130 and the relevant implementing provisions, by means of 
subordinated loans granted or guaranteed also by the selling banks, as well as to issue guarantees for the covered 
bonds issued by such banks or other entities. Pursuant to the Guarantor by-laws, the Guarantor may act as a 
special purpose vehicle within covered bonds transactions in accordance with the article 7-bis of Law 130 and 
therefore may carry out the above-mentioned activities in the context of one or more covered bond transactions 
or issuance programme other than this Programme. 
Within the limits allowed by the provisions of Law 130, the Guarantor can carry out the ancillary transactions 
for purposes of the performance of the guarantee and the successful conclusion of the issue of banking covered 
bonds in which it participates or, however, auxiliary to the aim of its purpose, as well as the re-investment in 
other financial activities of the assets deriving from the management of the credits and the securities purchased, 
but not immediately invested for the satisfaction of the Covered Bondholders’ rights. 
Since the date of its incorporation, the Guarantor has not engaged in any business other than the purchase of 
the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables from the Initial Seller and the issue of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds issued under this 
Programme. 
The Guarantor will covenant to observe, inter alia, those restrictions which are detailed in the Intercreditor 
Agreement.

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Administrative, Management and Supervisory Bodies 
The Guarantor is currently managed by a board of directors. The directors of the Guarantor are: 
Name 
Appointment 
Address 
Principal Activities 
Giovanni Battista 
Chiossi 
Chairperson 
of the board of 
directors 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Lawyer 
Marco Bonfatti 
Director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
Paolo Gabriele 
Managing 
director 
Via Vittorio Alfieri 1, 31015 
Conegliano (TV) 
Manager 
 
The Company did not appoint a Board of Statutory Auditors pursuant to Article 2477 of the Italian civil code. 
Conflict of interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their respective private 
interests or other duties. 
Quotaholders 
The Guarantor is a limited liability company having its capital divided in quotas. 
The quotaholders of the Guarantor (hereafter together the “Quotaholders”) are as follows: 
BPER: 60 per cent. of the quota capital; 
SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.: 40 per cent. of the quota capital. 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement contains inter alia, a call option in favour of BPER to purchase from SVM 
Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and a put option in favour of SVM Securitisation Vehicles 
Management S.r.l. to sell to BPER the quota of the Guarantor held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management 
S.r.l. and provisions in relation to the management of the Guarantor. Each option may only be exercised from 
the day on which all the Covered Bonds have been redeemed in full or cancelled. 
In addition, the Quotaholders’ Agreement provides that no Quotaholder of the Guarantor will approve the 
payments of any dividends or any repayment or return of capital by the Guarantor prior to the date on which all 
amounts of principal and interest on the Covered Bonds and any amount due to the other Secured Creditors 
have been paid in full. 
Please also see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – The Quotaholders’ Agreement” 
below. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of such kind, 
which have had or may have significant effects on the Guarantor’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Financial Information concerning the Guarantor’s Assets and Liabilities, Financial Position and 
Profits and Losses and Report of the Auditors 
The statutory audited financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020, respectively, prepared in accordance with Italian accounting standards, are incorporated 
by reference into this Base Prospectus. See the section headed “Documents incorporated by reference”, above. 
The financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 
2020, respectively, were audited by Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., the address of which is at Via Tortona n. 25, 
20144 Milan, Italy. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is registered in the special register (albo speciale) for auditing 
companies (società di revisione) provided for by article 161 of the Financial Law (repealed by article 43 of 
Italian legislative decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 but still in force, pursuant to the latter decree, until the 
entry into force of the implementing regulations to be issued by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant 
to such decree). 
Copy of the financial statements of the Guarantor for each financial year since the Guarantor’s incorporation 
will, when published, be available in physical form for inspection free of charge during usual office hours on 
any Business Day (excluding public holidays) at the registered office of the Guarantor. 
The Guarantor’s accounting reference date is 31 December of each year.  
Capitalisation and Indebtedness Statement 
The capitalisation of the Guarantor as at the date of this Base Prospectus is as follows: 
Quota capital issued and authorised 
BPER has a quota of Euro 6,000 and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has a quota of Euro 4,000 
each fully paid up. 
Total capitalisation and indebtedness 
Save for the foregoing and for the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Subordinated Loan in accordance with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Guarantor has no borrowings or 
indebtedness in the nature of borrowings (including loan capital issued, or created but unissued), term loans, 
liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent 
liabilities. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Guarantor is 81560034A5A3A39ECD89.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ASSET MONITOR 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry 
out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity of the Guarantee. 
Pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be an independent auditor, enrolled with the 
register of statutory auditors and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to 
article 6 of Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and shall be independent from the Issuer, the Sellers 
and the Guarantor and the accounting firms who carry out the audit of the Issuer, the Sellers or the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual report, to be addressed also to the 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer. 
ASSET MONITOR ENGAGEMENT LETTER 
Pursuant to an engagement letter (the “Asset Monitor Engagement Letter”) entered into on 14 June 2017, the 
Issuer has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., a company incorporated under the laws of Italy, enrolled 
with the Companies’ Register of Milan under number 12979880155 and with the register of statutory auditors 
and auditing companies held by the Ministry of Economy and Finance pursuant to article 6 of Legislative Decree 
No. 39 of 27 January 2010, having its registered office at Via Monte Rosa 91, 20149 Milan, Italy, as asset 
monitor (the “Asset Monitor”) in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant information from the 
Issuer, specific agreed upon procedures concerning, inter alia, the control of: (i) the fulfilment of the eligibility 
criteria set out under the MEF Decree with respect to the Receivables and the Integration Assets included in the 
Cover Pool; (ii) the calculation performed by the Issuer in respect of the Mandatory Tests; (iii) the compliance 
with the limits to the transfer of the Receivables set out under the MEF Decree; (iv) the effectiveness and 
adequacy of the risk protection provided by any Swap Agreement entered into in the context of the Programme 
and (v) the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant 
to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
Under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter, the Asset Monitor shall, on an annual basis, deliver to the Issuer 
an annual report detailing the procedures performed under the Asset Monitor Engagement Letter. 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to 
the Asset Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset 
Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Engagement Letter is governed by Italian law. 
ASSET MONITOR AGREEMENT 
The Asset Monitor will, pursuant to an asset monitor agreement entered into on or about the date hereof between 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Bondholders (the “Asset Monitor 
Agreement”) and subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the Calculation Agent to the Asset 
Monitor, (i) prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed 
by the Calculation Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Asset Coverage Test and (ii) following 
the service of a Notice to Pay, verify the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Calculation 
Agent with respect to the Mandatory Tests and the Amortisation Test, in each case pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
In addition, on or prior to each Asset Monitor Report Date, the Asset Monitor shall deliver to the Guarantor, the 
Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Bondholders and the Issuer a report in the form set out in the Asset 
Monitor Agreement. 
The Asset Monitor Agreement provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses to the 
Asset Monitor, the limited recourse nature of the payment obligation of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Asset 
Monitor, the resignation of the Asset Monitor and the replacement by the Guarantor of the Asset Monitor. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 168 ---
168 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL – CREDIT AND COLLECTION 
POLICIES 
THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is and/or will be comprised of (a) Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans transferred 
pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement or each Additional Transfer Agreement and (b) any 
Integration Assets. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Cover Pool consists of the Initial Receivables and the Subsequent 
Receivables transferred by the Issuer to the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement, as more fully described under the section headed “Description of the Transaction 
Documents – BPER Master Transfer Agreement” below. 
For the purposes hereof: 
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans transferred by 
the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree. 
“Subsequent Receivables” means the further portfolios of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans, 
transferred or to be transferred to the Guarantor by (i) the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement and/or (ii) by the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant Additional Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
The Initial Receivables and the Subsequent Receivables transferred and to be transferred from time to time to 
the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Master Transfer Agreements will meet the following criteria on each 
relevant Valuation Date. 
The General Criteria 
Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans 
Each of the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool shall comply, as at the 
relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), with all of the following criteria (the “General Criteria”): 
1. 
mortgage loans whose principal debtors are (including following accollo liberatorio and/or restriction 
(frazionamento)) one or more individuals (persone fisiche) (including also professionals (liberi 
professionisti) or individual entrepreneurs (ditte individuali)) who are domiciled in Italy;  
2. 
mortgage loans which are disbursed and in relation to which there is no obligation or possibility to make 
additional disbursements;  
3. 
mortgage loans which are denominated in Euro (or originally disbursed in Italian lire and subsequently 
re-denominated in Euro); 
4. 
mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) outstanding principal amount and (ii) the 
estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage loan was 
entered into, is equal to or lower than 80 per cent. For the purposes of this criterion 4, “estimated value of 
the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage loan was entered into” shall 
mean the estimated value determined in accordance with the technical and economic parameters 
applicable from time to time by the lender in the context of the original appraisal of the value of the real 
estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this

--- Page 169 ---
169 
criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the relevant information, obtain the 
“estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage loan was 
entered into” from the branch (filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are 
made; 
5. 
mortgage loans providing for the repayment of principal in several instalments in accordance with one of 
the following amortisation methods as agreed either on the relevant execution date of the relevant 
mortgage loan or on the latest date of agreement on the amortisation plan applicable to the relevant 
mortgage loan, if any:  
(i) 
the so-called “French method”, whereby instalments include a principal component, which was 
predetermined on the date of disbursement and which increases throughout the duration of the 
mortgage loan, and a variable interest component;  
(ii) 
the so-called “Italian method”, whereby instalments consist of a constant principal component 
and a variable interest component; and 
(iii) 
the amortisation method envisaging constant instalments and extendable duration of the 
mortgage loan up to a maximum date; 
6. 
mortgage loans secured by a mortgage over real estate assets located in the territory of the Republic of 
Italy qualifying as residential real estate assets this being assets that, as at the execution date of the relevant 
mortgage loan, were included in one of the following cadastral categories: A1, A2, A3, A4, A5, A6, A7, 
A8 and A11; 
7. 
mortgage loans governed by Italian law; 
8. 
mortgage loans secured by economic first ranking mortgage (ipoteca di primo grado economico), that is: 
(i) 
a legal first-ranking priority voluntary mortgage (ipoteca volontaria di primo grado legale); or 
(ii) 
a voluntary mortgage with subordinate ranking (ipoteca volontaria di grado legale successivo 
al primo), provided that the debts secured by the prior-ranking mortgages have been fully 
repaid; 
9. 
mortgage loans not originating from the restructuring of personal loans (crediti chirografari) previously 
advanced; 
10. mortgage loans having contractual interest rates falling under one of the following categories: 
(i) 
fixed rate loans, being those mortgage loans in respect of which the interest rate applied, 
contractually fixed, remains unchanged throughout the whole duration of the mortgage loan; 
(ii) 
floating rate loans, being those mortgage loans whose interest is linked to a reference index 
which remains unchanged throughout the whole duration of the mortgage loan; 
(iii) 
mixed rate loans, being those mortgage loans enabling the borrower to choose between a fixed 
or variable rate on one or more set dates; and 
(iv) 
fixed-to-variable rate mortgage loans, being those mortgage loans whose interest rate applied 
at the outset is a contractually fixed interest rate, and which as of a set date change the rate 
applied to a variable interest rate linked to a reference index; 
11. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) amount disbursed on the date the mortgage 
loan was entered into and (ii) estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on 
which the mortgage loan was entered into, is equal to, or lower than, 100 per cent. For the purposes of this

--- Page 170 ---
170 
criterion 11, “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which the mortgage 
loan was entered into” shall mean the estimated value determined in accordance with the technical and 
economic parameters applicable from time to time by the lender in the context of the original appraisal of 
the value of the real estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans 
falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the relevant 
information, obtain the “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the date on which 
the mortgage loan was entered into” from the branch (filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its 
mortgage loans are made; and 
12. mortgage loans reimbursed by means of automatic bank transfer on a bank account opened at a bank of 
the Banca popolare dell’ Emilia Romagna Group (including payments by means of direct debit (“SDD”)); 
However, the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans do not comprise any receivables which, although 
meeting the criteria set out above, also meet, as of the relevant Valuation Date (unless otherwise provided), one 
or more of the following criteria: 
13. mortgage loans which as at the Valuation Date have as borrowers individuals, including as co-
beneficiaries, who are employees or corporate officers (pursuant to article 136 of the legislative decree 
No. 385 of 1 September 1993) of Banca popolare dell’ Emilia Romagna, Società Cooperativa;  
14. mortgage loans in relation to which the relevant borrower has adhered, as at the Valuation Date, through 
an adhesion letter mailed or filed with a branch (filiale) of Banca popolare dell’ Emilia Romagna, Società 
Cooperativa, to the renegotiation proposal pursuant to Law Decree No. 93 dated 27 May 2008 converted 
into law No. 126 dated 24 July 2008 and the framework agreement (convenzione) between the Ministry 
of Economy and Finance and the Italian Banking Association (ABI); 
15. mortgage loans entered into and advanced pursuant to any applicable law (even regional) or regulation 
providing for financial support or benefit with respect to principal and/or interest (mutui agevolati);  
16. mortgage loans in relation to which the ratio between the (i) outstanding principal amount and (ii) the 
estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the Valuation Date, is higher than 80 per 
cent. For the purposes of this criterion 16, “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around 
the Valuation Date” shall mean the estimated value determined in accordance with the technical and 
economic parameters used from time to time by the lender in the context of the monitoring of the value of 
the real estate assets mentioned in criterion 6. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within 
this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the relevant information, obtain 
the “estimated value of the mortgaged property, calculated around the Valuation Date” from the branch 
(filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
17. mortgage loans whose relevant borrower does not fall within one of the following categories: SAE 600 
(Famiglie Consumatrici), SAE 614 (Artigiani) or SAE 615 (Altre Famiglie Produttrici). In order to 
ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may obtain 
information, the relevant category to which he/she belongs from the branch (filiale) where the payments 
of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made;  
18. mortgage loans whose relevant borrower falls within one of the following categories (SAE 614 (Artigiani) 
or SAE 615 (Altre Famiglie Produttrici)) but who has been granted the relevant mortgage loan for 
business-related reasons. In order to ascertain whether a mortgage loans falls within this criterion 18, each 
relevant borrower may obtain information on relevant category to which he/she belongs and whether 
his/her mortgage loan is classified as a loan granted for business related reasons from the branch (filiale) 
as well as where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made;

--- Page 171 ---
171 
19. mortgage loans granted to a public administration entity (ente pubblico); 
20. mortgage loans granted to an ecclesiastic entity (ente ecclesiastico); 
21. mortgage loans which were classified as agricultural credit (mutui agrari) pursuant to articles 43, 44 and 
45 of the Banking Act, as at the relevant execution date; 
22. mortgage loans providing for the repayment of principal in several instalments in accordance with the so-
called “Mix” method, envisaging an amortisation plan partly based on a fixed rate and partly based on a 
variable rate; 
23. mortgage loans referring to real estate assets “under construction”; 
24. mortgage loans branded as “HLTV” mortgage loans; 
25. mortgage loans granted with the express aim of consolidating the borrower’s passivity;  
26. mortgage loans deriving from “forbearance”, or classified as “Non-Performing Loans”, “Unlikely to Pay” 
and “Past Due” (as defined in the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 dated 30 July 2008, as amended 
and supplemented on 20 January 2015 and following – “Matrice dei Conti”). In order to ascertain whether 
a mortgage loans falls within this criterion, each relevant borrower may, to the extent it is not aware of the 
relevant information, obtain its loan classification (as defined in the Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 272 
dated 30 July 2008, as amended and supplemented on 20 January 2015 and following – “Matrice dei 
Conti”) from the branch (filiale) where the payments of the instalments of its mortgage loans are made; 
and 
27. mortgage loans which, on the disbursement day, were secured by a pledge over securities. 
The Receivables shall also comply with the Specific Criteria. 
“Specific Criteria” means the criteria for the selection of the Receivables arising under Mortgage Loans to be 
included in the portfolios to which such criteria are applied, as set forth in Annex 1, part II to the BPER Master 
Transfer Agreement for the Initial Receivables and in the relevant offer for the sale of Subsequent Receivables. 
“Criteria” means jointly the General Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
THE CREDIT AND COLLECTION POLICIES 
BPER Credit Policy 
BPER’s origination process, which has been in force without significant modification for the last few years, 
comprises the following stages: 
1. Application and collection of documentation; 
2. Collection of technical information for mortgage loans; 
3. Deliberation; 
4. Signing of contracts; and 
5. Disbursement. 
Application and collection of documentation 
Following the first contact with the applicant, the necessary data and information are requested. 
In many cases mortgage loan applications are made by customers of BPER in which case a significant amount 
of information is likely to be already available and will only need to be updated.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
Collection of technical information 
The management of the loan application is distributed on a territorial basis: the branch closest to the property 
offered as security is responsible for the analysis of a client’s financial and economic situation. The objective 
of this analysis is to evaluate the credit merits of the client and any possible further guarantees that may be 
required. 
During this phase, BPER will conduct searches of the central database of risks and collect information from 
several public databases. With respect to retail customers, BPER relies on information provided by Centrale 
Rischi / Centrale Rischi di Importo Contenuto (CR/CRIC); EURISC, which gives a picture of the applicant’s 
track record towards financial institutions in terms of missed payments; and Credit Bureau Score, which is a 
scoring system returning the probability that the applicant would default in the following 12 months. 
The local branch also collects information regarding the ability of the applicant to generate income in order to 
service the debt. In particular, the DTI (debt-to-income) ratio is exanimated. Generally, the DTI ratio shall not 
be higher than 35%. Stresses on applicant’s net income are also applied. 
Since September 2008, the result of the analysis performed on the applicant is expressed in terms of a rating 
system, on the basis of which a rating is assigned to the potential borrower summarizing its credit standing.  
In addition to the evaluation of the applicant, a technical and legal examination of the real estate asset offered 
as a mortgage takes place.  
Deliberation 
Once the property appraisal has been completed, the branch transfers all data and documents to the central 
Loans Office, which will verify the whole set of information gathered and alert BPER’s appropriate level for 
deliberation and approval. According to the amount of the mortgage loan or the risk for the client, a specific 
hierarchy of approval authority is in place, detailed by the relevant internal procedure, provided that the Board 
of Directors has no credit approval limits: 
Signing of contracts 
Once the grant of the loan has been approved, the relevant loan agreement is transferred to the relevant BPER’s 
level in order to proceed with the signing of the agreement. A notary is charged for the formal registration of 
the mortgage.  
Disbursement 
Disbursement will only take place once BPER has confirmed that all documentation is in place and that the 
formal registration process has been completed. In addition, funds will only be made available once an insurance 
contract to cover the risk of fire and explosion has been activated. 
BPER Mortgage Monitoring and Management Procedures 
Introduction 
BPER monitors its existing loans on a constant basis. Generally, borrowers pay instalments by direct debit from 
their respective account held with BPER, authorised at the time of execution of the relevant mortgage loan 
agreement. On a regular basis, a solicitation is made to borrowers with any overdue and unpaid instalment. 
Definitions 
Any further details of BPER exposures classification according to the current regulation are described above in 
the section entitled “Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
Management and control of the loans  
The monitoring activity is performed at a central level in order to have all the necessary controls on loans which 
show some criticalities. The monitoring activity is aimed at identifying first signs of credit risk deterioration 
and providing assistance to local branches and directly managing the relevant claims.  
All the relevant management is duly informed in relation to the status of the claims and initiatives are promoted 
toward requiring claims such as: 
 
change of status of loans; 
 
provision adjustment on the non performing exposures; 
 
proposal of qualification of a loan as sofferenza (non-performing loan). 
Generally, the following represents the main causes leading a mortgage loan to be classified as sofferenza: 
 
the borrower is in serious and long-term economic and financial difficulty, so that BPER would start the 
legal recovery procedures; 
 
there is a loss forecast on the claim; 
 
the borrower is insolvent as ascertained by a court. 
Once the decision to qualify a claim as sofferenza has been taken, the definitive legal recovery process begins.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer guaranteed by the 
Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the service by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice to Pay. The Issuer will not be relying on payments by 
the Guarantor in order to pay interest or repay principal under the Covered Bonds. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
the Mandatory Tests are intended to ensure that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to pay any interest and 
principal under the Covered Bonds; 
the Asset Coverage Test is intended to test the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered 
Bonds prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, applying for the purpose of such coverage an Asset Percentage factor 
determined in order to provide a degree of over-collateralisation with respect to the Cover Pool; 
the Pre-Maturity Test is intended to ensure that there is sufficient liquidity available to redeem each Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, if any, on the relevant Maturity Date; 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the service of a Notice to Pay, for the purpose of testing 
the asset coverage of the Guarantor’s assets in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
the Swap Agreements are intended to hedge certain interest rate, basis, currency or other risks in respect of amounts 
received and amounts payable by the Guarantor; and 
a Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from Interest Available 
Funds in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest 
accruing with respect to the Covered Bonds. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts on the 
Due for Payment Date in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond 
Guarantee will not guarantee any other amount becoming payable in respect of the Covered Bonds for any other 
reason. In this circumstance (and until an Acceleration Notice is served), the Guarantor’s obligations will only 
be to pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date. 
For further details, see the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Covered Bond 
Guarantee” below, as regards the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pre-Maturity Test for Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
The Pre-Maturity Test is intended to provide liquidity for Hard Bullet Covered Bonds when the Issuer’s credit 
ratings fall below a certain level. The applicable Final Terms will set out whether the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds is a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. On each Pre-Maturity Test Date, prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay, the Calculation Agent will determine if the Issuer satisfies the following pre-maturity rating 
requirements (the “Pre-Maturity Test”) and shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Representative of Covered Bondholders if the Issuer does not satisfy such Pre-Maturity Test.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
The Issuer will not satisfy, and be in breach of, the Pre-Maturity Test if the Issuer’s (a) short-term credit rating 
for its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “P-1” from 
Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall within six 
months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date or (b) long-term credit rating for its unsecured, 
unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “A2” from Moody’s and the 
Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall within 12 months following the 
relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date. 
If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds within 12 months prior 
to the scheduled Maturity Date of that Series, the Calculation Agent will immediately serve a notice to that 
effect on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders the “Pre-Maturity Test 
Breach Notice”). Following the delivery of the Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice, the Issuer will be required to 
procure, within the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice 
is notified to the Issuer and (ii) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, that (A) 
an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds 
plus any amount that would be payable by the Guarantor in priority thereto in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments (regardless as to whether a Notice to Pay has been served) (the “Pre-
Maturity Collateral Amount”) is credited to an account opened for that purpose by the Guarantor with an 
Eligible Institution (the “Pre-Maturity Account”), or, alternatively, (B) a guarantee is provided in respect of 
the payment of the Final Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date for that Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds by a guarantor whose senior, unsecured and unsubordinated ratings are at least equal to “P-1” 
by Moody’s. 
If any of the actions under (A) and (B) above is not taken, the Guarantor may, among others: 
(i) 
offer to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and subject 
to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the relevant Seller; and/or 
(ii) 
seek to obtain the creation of Eligible Deposits from the Seller(s). The creation of Eligible Deposits will 
be financed through advances granted by the relevant Seller under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
Any proceeds deriving from the sale of Selected Assets and their related security and/or any contribution in 
cash by the relevant Seller shall be credited to the Pre-Maturity Account. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall apply funds standing to the Pre-Maturity Account to 
repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on its Maturity Date in accordance with the Post-Issuer 
Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
If the Issuer fully repays the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date thereof, any 
amount of cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account after such repayment shall be applied in 
accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, unless: 
(A) 
the Issuer does not satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, in which case the cash will remain credited on the Pre-Maturity Account and be used to provide 
liquidity for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(B) 
the Issuer does satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, 
but the Issuer resolves to retain the cash on the Pre-Maturity Account in order to provide liquidity for 
any future Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior to the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of the relevant 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
Tests 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (and, failing the Issuer to do so, the 
Additional Sellers, if any) must ensure that the Cover Pool complies with the Tests described below. 
Mandatory Tests 
For so long as any Covered Bond remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on an ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until 
the Programme Expiry Date that each of the following tests is met: 
(a) 
the outstanding aggregate principal balance of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that any Mortgage 
Loan in respect of which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth under Article 2, 
paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree will be considered up to an amount of principal which, taking into 
account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with such percentage 
limit) from time to time owned by the Guarantor plus the aggregate amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts (in relation to the principal component only) up to the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the aggregate principal notional amount of all Series of Covered 
Bonds at the same time outstanding (the “Nominal Value Test”); 
(b) 
the Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the Net Present 
Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds (the “NPV Test”); and 
(c) 
the Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool shall be at least equal to, or higher than, the 
interest payments scheduled to be due in respect of all the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds (the 
“Interest Coverage Test”), 
(the tests above are jointly defined as the “Mandatory Tests”). 
“Net Available Redemption Funds” means (i) the amounts standing to the credit of the Accounts plus (ii) 
without duplication with (i), the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets 
and Eligible Investments, without double counting any securities, monies or other amounts which is comprised 
in the Selected Assets minus (iii) the amounts required to repay any Series of Covered Bonds which mature on 
the same date as the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and all amounts to be applied on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Dates, up until the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date, if applicable) of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, to repay amounts ranking in priority or pari passu to the amounts to be paid 
on the Earliest Maturity Covered Bonds in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of 
Payments. 
“Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
positive difference between:  
(i) 
the sum of

--- Page 177 ---
177 
(A) 
interest payments received, or expected to be received, by the Guarantor under or in respect of 
the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that the interest payments expected to be received in respect 
of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the percentage limit set forth 
under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree, will be considered up to an amount that, 
taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, allows compliance with 
such percentage limit) in each and all respective Calculation Periods until the date on which all 
the outstanding Covered Bond are scheduled to be redeemed (including, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any amount of interest to be realised from the investment into Eligible Investments of 
principal collections arising from the expected amortisation of the Eligible Cover Pool in each 
and all respective Calculation Periods) and any amount of interest accrued on the Accounts and 
any additional cash flows expected to be deposited in the Accounts in each and all respective 
Calculation Periods; 
(B) 
any amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments under the Swap Agreements prior to 
or on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates; and  
(C) 
any other amount to be received by the Guarantor as payments owed under the Swap 
Agreements; and 
(ii) the payments (in relation to the interest component only) to be effected in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, by the Guarantor in priority to any amount to be paid on the Covered Bonds, and 
including payments under the Swap Agreements on each and all respective Guarantor Payment Dates. 
“Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
product of (i) the applicable Discount Factor and (ii) the expected principal and interest payments due in respect 
of the outstanding Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool” means, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or any other date on which the relevant Test is to be performed pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, an amount equal to the 
algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected future principal and future interest payments to be received by the Guarantor under 
or in respect of the Eligible Cover Pool (provided that such future principal and interest 
payments in respect of any Mortgage Loan for which the loan to value ratio exceed the 
percentage limit set forth under Article 2, paragraph 1, of the MEF Decree will be considered 
up to an amount that, taking into account the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan, 
allows compliance with such percentage limit); plus  
(ii) the product of: 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
the expected payments to be made or received by the Guarantor under or in respect of the Swap 
Agreements; minus 
(iii) the product of:

--- Page 178 ---
178 
(A) 
the applicable Discount Factor; and  
(B) 
any amount expected to be paid by the Guarantor in priority to the Swap Agreements in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments; plus 
(iv) any principal payment actually received by the Guarantor in respect of the Mortgage Loans and not yet 
applied under the relevant Priority of Payments.  
“Discount Factor” means the discount rate, implied in the relevant Swap Curve, calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the 
relevant Tests are to be carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
“Eligible Cover Pool” means, as at any relevant date, (i) all the Receivables comprised in the Cover Pool which 
are not Non Performing Loans and (ii) all the Integration Assets up to a nominal amount equal to 15 per cent. 
of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date. 
“Non Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In Arrears, or 
which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this definition differs from the classification of Non Performing Loan used in the section headed 
“Description of the Issuer and Initial Seller”. 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable by the 
relevant obligor or guarantor, but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business Days. 
“Swap Curve” means the term structure of interest rates used by the Servicer in accordance with the best market 
practice and calculated based on market instruments. 
The Calculation Agent, on the basis of the information provided to it pursuant to the Transaction Documents, 
shall verify compliance with the Mandatory Tests on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date 
and/or on any other date on which the verification of the Mandatory Tests is required pursuant to the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be. 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the Nominal Value Test will be deemed to be met as at any relevant date 
if the Asset Coverage Test is met as at such date. 
The calculations performed by the Calculation Agent in respect of the Mandatory Tests will be monitored and 
verified from time to time by the Asset Monitor in accordance with the provisions of the Asset Monitor 
Agreement. 
Asset Coverage Test 
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure, in accordance 
with the provisions set out in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out 
pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, 
as the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal

--- Page 179 ---
179 
Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Asset Coverage Test”, and together with the Mandatory Tests, the 
“Tests”). 
For the purpose of the Asset Coverage Test, “Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount calculated 
in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Y-W-Z 
where: 
“A” is equal to the lower of (i) and (ii), 
where: 
(i) 
is the aggregate of the “LTV Adjusted Principal Balance” of each Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover 
Pool as at any given date, calculated as the lower of: (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
relevant Mortgage Loan in the Eligible Cover Pool as at the last day of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period; and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied 
by M (where M is equal to (a) 80 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears 
or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears, but 
are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) zero for all Non Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(A) 
a Mortgage Loan was, during the immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the 
representations and warranties contained in the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
relevant Seller has not indemnified the Guarantor or otherwise cured such breach, to the extent required 
by the terms of the relevant Warranty and Indemnity Agreement (any such Mortgage Loan an “Affected 
Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the 
Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will 
be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the relevant 
Affected Loans (as calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period); and/or 
(B) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in 
any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, 
the aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (A) above and to be set off against 
any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer to 
indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss) (any such loss a “Breach Related Loss”); and/or 
(C) 
the relevant borrower has requested a suspension of payment pursuant to the applicable legislation and 
regulations (normativa primaria e secondaria), including any order, decree or any other decision issued 
by the judiciary authority (autorità giudiziaria) or administrative authority (autorità amministrativa) or 
any other competent authority, or to the schemes with the relevant associations (accordi con le 
associzioni di categoria), including without limitation the scheme named “Accordo per il Credito 2015”

--- Page 180 ---
180 
between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and the associations of enterprises for suspension of the 
debts of small and medium enterprises, according to Italian law No. 190/2014, and the scheme named 
“Accordo per la sospensione del credito alle famiglie” between the Associazione Bancaria Italiana and 
the associations of consumer clients dated 31 March 2015 as amended and supplemented, during the 
suspension period (any such Mortgage Loan a “Renegotiated Loan”). In this event, the aggregate LTV 
Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by an amount equal 
to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Renegotiated Loan multiplied 
by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, 
payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 50 per cent. for all Renegotiated 
Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 90 
days but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per cent. for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at 
such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days) provided however that, 
for the period starting from 1 June 2020 (included) and until 30 June 2021 (included), each suspension 
of payments requested or otherwise granted pursuant to Law Decree n. 18 of 17 March 2020 (so called 
“Decreto Cura Italia”) or any other suspension of payments pursuant to preferential regimes granted by 
the Issuer in connection or as a consequence of the spread of epidemics of the new respiratory syndrome 
“COVID-19” and relevant effects on the economic scenario and in line with the recent EBA guidelines 
on prudential treatment of payment moratoria (along with the EBA Guidelines on the application of the 
definition of default), (any such Mortgage Loan so affected a “Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan”), the 
aggregate LTV Adjusted Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the LTV Adjusted Principal Balance, as calculated in (i) above, of each Covid-19 
Renegotiated Loan multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans 
in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 
25 per cent. for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a 
residual suspension period of more than 90 days but less than 181 days (c) 50 per cent. for all Covid-19 
Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of 
more than 180 days but less than 271 days and (d) 100 per cent. for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in 
respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 270 days);  
AND 
(ii) 
is the aggregate “Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance” of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible 
Cover Pool as at any given date which in relation to each Mortgage Loan shall be calculated as the lower 
of (1) the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last 
day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period, and (2) the Latest Valuation relating to that 
Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by N (where N is equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage 
Loans that are less than three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 40 per cent. for Mortgage Loans 
that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) zero for all 
Non Performing Loans), 
minus 
the aggregate sum of (1) the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Affected Loan(s), calculated 
as described in item (i)(a) above and/or (2) any Breach Related Losses, calculated as described in item (i)(b) 
above and/or (3) the aggregate of the Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance of any Renegotiated Loan 
and/or Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan, calculated as described in item (i)(c) above,  
the result of which multiplied by the “Asset Percentage” (as defined below);

--- Page 181 ---
181 
“B” is equal to the aggregate amount of all sums standing to the credit of Accounts (minus any amount deposited 
to the Collection Account or on any other account opened in the name of the Guarantor in any Eligible 
Institution pursuant to clause 14.1.1(ii) of the Servicing Agreement) as at the end of the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period which have not been applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments up to a 
maximum nominal amount which cannot exceed, taking into account “C” below, 15 per cent. of the nominal 
amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at such date; 
“C” is equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets and/or Eligible 
Investments as the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period (without duplication with the amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts under “B” above) and up to a maximum nominal amount which cannot 
exceed, taking into account “B” above, 15 per cent. of the nominal amount of the aggregate Cover Pool as at 
such date; 
“Y” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Set-Off Amounts; 
“W” is equal to zero if the Issuer’s short term unsecured and unsubordinated debt ratings are at least “P1” by 
Moody’s, otherwise the Potential Commingling Amount; 
“Z” means the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) 0.50 per cent. (the “Negative Carry Factor”); 
“Asset Percentage” means, on any Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date 
on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the 
lower of (a) 84.03 per cent. and (b) the higher of (1) such other percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf 
of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to maintain the ratings assigned by Moody’s to the Covered Bonds of the first 
Series on the Initial Issue Date; and (2) to the extent that the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s is at the 
relevant date lower than the corporate rating of the Issuer by Moody’s as at the Initial Issue Date, such other 
percentage, determined by the Issuer on behalf of the Guarantor, as is sufficient to obtain a rating of the Covered 
Bonds equal to the rating that Moody’s would have assigned by applying the same Moody’s methodology used 
to assign the rating to the Covered Bonds of the first Series on the Initial Issue Date and considering a scenario 
where the corporate rating of the Issuer on the Initial Issue Date was such lower rating; 
“Latest Valuation” means the most recent valuation of the relevant property performed in accordance with 
article 208, paragraph 3 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and the BoI Regulations; 
“Potential Commingling Amount” means: 
(i) 
an amount equal to 2.1 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but 
excluding any Non-performing Loans; or 
(ii) if the Second Moody’s Rating Trigger is outstanding and (x) any of the remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) 
or (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount equal to zero or (y) none of the 
remedies set out in clause 14.1.1(i) and (ii) of the Servicing Agreement has been put in place, an amount 
equal to 2.52 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool but excluding 
any Non-performing Loans. 
The Potential Commingling Amount will be updated at least on a quarterly basis;  
A “Second Moody’s Rating Trigger” will be deemed to be outstanding if the Issuer’s short term unsecured 
and unsubordinated debt ratings assigned by Moody’s are at any time below “P2” by Moody’s;

--- Page 182 ---
182 
“Potential Set-Off Amounts” means the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Cover Pool that could 
potentially be lost as a result of the relevant Debtors exercising their set-off rights, and which in any case will 
never be lower than the Moody’s Set-Off Exposure. Such amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
on each Calculation Date and/or other date on which the Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and any other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, except 
when the Issuer’s short term rating is at least “P1” by Moody’s. The Potential Set-Off Amounts will be updated 
at least on a quarterly basis and after any transfer of Receivables to the Guarantor.; 
“Moody’s Set-Off Exposure” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under the 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller and any negative exposure 
for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any "over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction 
in each case as at the Transfer Date of the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash 
multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with 
the relevant Seller and any negative exposure for the relevant Seller vis à vis the Debtor referring to any 
"over-the-counter" (OTC) derivative transaction in each case as at the Transfer Date of the relevant 
Mortgage Loan, minus the Moody’s Deposit Compensation and (b) zero; and 
(ii) the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as at the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
“Moody’s Deposit Compensation” means, in respect of each Debtor and as at any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be performed under 
the Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the lower of: 
(i) 
the greater of (a) the lower of (1) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller at the Transfer Date of 
the relevant Mortgage Loan and (2) the aggregate amount of cash multiplied by (1 minus 15%), certificates 
of deposit and saving accounts, deposited by the Debtor with the relevant Seller as at the relevant date, 
minus an amount equal to the instalments due and paid under the relevant Mortgage Loan during the 
immediately preceding two months, and (b) zero; and 
(ii) the Compensation Threshold; 
“Compensation Threshold” means Euro 100,000.00; 
“Transfer Date” means, in respect of each Receivable arising under a Mortgage Loan, the later of (i) the date 
on which the relevant notice of assignment has been published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica 
Italiana and (ii) the date on which the relevant notice of assignment has been deposited with the relevant 
companies’ register. 
The Amortisation Test 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) 
and any Additional Seller will ensure that following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day 
on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan 
Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (the “Amortisation 
Test”).

--- Page 183 ---
183 
For the purpose of the Amortisation Test, the “Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” means an amount 
calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
A+B+C-Z 
where: 
“A” is the lower of: 
(1) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of each Mortgage Loan as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period multiplied by M; and 
(2) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan as at such date multiplied by M. 
For the purposes of items (1) and (2) above, M is equal to (a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up 
to three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, (b) 85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three 
months In Arrears but are not yet Non Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent. for all Non Performing Loans. 
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the 
Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool if any of the following occurred during the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period: 
(I) 
a Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, an Affected Loan. In this event, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loans (as calculated 
on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) multiplied by M (where M is equal to 
(a) 100 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are up to three months In Arrears or not In Arrears, and (b) 
85 per cent. for all Mortgage Loans that are more than three months In Arrears but are not yet Non 
Performing Loans and (c) 70 per cent. for all Non Performing Loans; and/or 
(II) 
the relevant Seller, in any preceding Calculation Period, was in breach of any other material 
representation and warranty under the relevant Master Transfer Agreement and/or the Servicer was, in 
any preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Servicing Agreement. In this event, 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as 
calculated on the last day of the immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be 
reduced, by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately 
preceding Calculation Period in respect of such Mortgage Loan (such financial loss to be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent without double counting with the reduction under (I) above and to be set off 
against any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the relevant Seller and/or the Servicer 
to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial loss); and/or 
(III) 
any Mortgage Loan was, in the immediately preceding Calculation Period, a Renegotiated Loan or, as 
applicable, a Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan. In this event, the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Eligible Cover Pool (as calculated on the last day of the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period) will be deemed to be reduced by (x) in case of a Renegotiated 
Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of each Renegotiated Loan 
calculated as the lower of (1) and (2) in “A” above multiplied by M (where M is equal to (a) zero for all 
Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been suspended for less than 91 
days, (b) 50 per cent. for all Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have 
been suspended for more than 90 days but less than 181 days and (c) 100 per cent. for all Renegotiated

--- Page 184 ---
184 
Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have been suspended for more than 180 days) or 
(y), for the period starting from 1 June 2020 (included) and until 30 June 2021 (included), in case of a 
Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan, an amount equal to the aggregate of the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
each Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan calculated as the lower of (1) and (2) in “A” above multiplied by M 
(where M is equal to (a) zero for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, 
payments have a residual suspension period of less than 91 days, (b) 25 per cent. for all Covid-19 
Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of 
more than 90 days but less than 181 days (c) 50 per cent. for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect 
of which, as at such date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 180 days but less 
than 271 days and (d) 100 per cent. for all Covid-19 Renegotiated Loans in respect of which, as at such 
date, payments have a residual suspension period of more than 270 days).  
“B” is the aggregate amount of all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Eligible Cover 
Pool up to the end of the immediately preceding Calculation Period which have not been provisioned as at the 
relevant Calculation Date to acquire further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets or otherwise 
provisioned in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
“C” is the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Integration Assets and/or Eligible Investments as at 
the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period. 
“Z” is the amount resulting from the product of (i) the weighted average remaining maturity of all Covered 
Bonds then outstanding expressed in days and divided by 365, (ii) the Euro Equivalent amount of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, and (iii) the Negative Carry Factor. 
The Calculation Agent shall verify compliance with the Amortisation Test on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration 
Notice) and on any other date on which the verification of the Amortisation Test is required pursuant to the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
For the purposes of verification of the Amortisation Test and the Mandatory Tests, the Nominal Value Test is 
deemed to be met if the Amortisation Test is met. 
A breach of the Amortisation Test will constitute a Guarantor Event of Default and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to deliver an Acceleration Notice to the Guarantor in accordance with 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
See also the section headed “Description of the Transaction Documents – Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement” below.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
ACCOUNTS AND CASH FLOWS 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at 
all times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
an “Initial Collection Account” in relation to the Receivables purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to 
the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
the “Expenses Account”; and 
(c) 
the “Quota Capital Account”, a euro-denominated deposit account or any other account as may replace 
it in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement into which the sum representing 
100 per cent. of the Guarantor’s equity capital (equal to Euro 10,000) has been deposited and will remain 
deposited therein for so long as all Covered Bonds issued or to be issued by the Issuer have been paid in 
full. 
The Guarantor may open and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at all 
times maintain with the Italian Account Bank, as separate accounts in the name of the Guarantor and in the 
interest of the Secured Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Additional Collection Accounts” and, together with the Initial Collection Account, the “Collection 
Accounts” and, any one of them, a “Collection Account” in relation to the Subsequent Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets purchased by the Guarantor from each Additional Seller pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) the “Securities Account”; and 
(c) 
the “Investment Account” (which, together with the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account and the 
Securities Account (if any), are referred to as the “Italian Accounts”). 
Collection Accounts 
(i) 
Payments into the Collection Accounts: 
(a) 
all the collections and/or recoveries arising out of the Receivables as they are collected and/or 
received and deposited by the Servicer in accordance with the Servicing Agreement;  
(b) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Receivables under the 
Master Transfer Agreements and the Servicing Agreement;  
(c) 
all the funds advanced under the Subordinated Loan Agreements and to be used for the purposes 
of creating Eligible Deposits; and 
(d) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Collection Accounts (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Collection Accounts: 
(a) 
on a daily basis and for value the day of receipt, all funds (if any) then standing to the credit of 
each Collection Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account by the Italian Account 
Bank; and 
(b) 
on the Initial Issue Date, the amount necessary to fund the Expense Required Amount. 
Expenses Account

--- Page 186 ---
186 
(i) 
Payments into the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
on the Initial Issue Date the Expense Required Amount will be credited on the Expenses 
Account out of the interest collections received from the Initial Receivables credited to the 
Initial Collection Account during the period starting from the Initial Valuation Date and ending 
on the Initial Issue Date; 
(b) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Expenses Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account equals 
the Expense Required Amount; and 
(c) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Expenses Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Expenses Account: 
(a) 
at any time the Italian Account Bank will use the funds standing to the credit of the Expenses 
Account to pay the Expenses on the basis of the payment instructions from time to time received 
from the Guarantor or the Corporate Servicer; and 
(b) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account and used 
to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
“Expense Required Amount” means Euro 50,000. 
Securities Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Securities Account: 
A Securities Account may be opened in the future on which all securities constituting Eligible Investments 
purchased upon instruction of the Investment Agent with the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Investment Account, pursuant to any order of the Investment Agent, and all Integration Assets consisting 
of securities will be deposited. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Securities Account: 
(a) 
on each relevant Liquidation Date, by 13:00 (Italian time) the Eligible Investments standing to 
the credit of the Securities Account will be liquidated and proceeds credited to the Investment 
Account by the Cash Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13:00 
(Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period; 
(b) 
the Integration Assets consisting of securities will be liquidated in accordance with the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement and proceeds credited to the Investment Account by the Cash 
Manager promptly upon liquidation and in any case not later than 13:00 (Italian time) of the 
last day of the relevant Collection Period; and 
(c) 
before 13:00 (Italian time) of the last day of the relevant Collection Period, the interest accrued 
on the investments until the end of the Collection Period standing to the credit balance of the 
Securities Account, if any, will be transferred to the Investment Account. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any investment 
made by using Available Funds other than Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day prior to the

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Payments Report Date falling nine months after the Payments Report Date immediately preceding the 
Investment Date on which investments were made by using Principal Available Funds. 
Investment Account 
(i) 
Payments into the Investment Account: 
(a) 
an Investment Account may be opened in the future into which (i) amounts standing to the 
credit of the Transaction Account and the Reserve Account will be deposited upon discretion 
of the Investment Agent and (ii) on each Liquidation Date, by 15:00 (Italian time), the proceeds 
of the liquidation of the relevant Eligible Investments and Integration Assets consisting of 
securities standing to the credit of the Securities Account and the interest accrued on the 
investments until the end of the Collection Period, if any, will be credited; and 
(b) 
on a monthly basis, the interest accrued on the Investment Account (if any) will be credited 
thereto. 
(ii) Withdrawals from the Investment Account: 
(a) 
the funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account (if any) will be used to make Eligible 
Investments in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(b) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the Investment 
Account and the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested in the relevant Eligible 
Investments and Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the preceding Collection 
Period, if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account or the Reserve Account, as 
applicable; and 
(c) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled in 
full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts standing 
to the credit of the Investment Account will be transferred to the Transaction Account and used 
to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor has opened and, subject to the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, shall at 
all times maintain with the English Account Bank, in the name of the Guarantor and in the interest of the Secured 
Creditors, the following accounts: 
(a) 
the “Transaction Account” 
(i) 
Payments into the Transaction Account: 
(a) 
on each Business Day, by 13:00 (Italian time) any amount standing on the balance of the 
Collection Accounts will be credited to the Transaction Account; 
(b) 
any amounts whatsoever received by or on behalf of the Guarantor pursuant to the Swap 
Agreements will be credited to the Transaction Account, except for collateral to be 
credited to the relevant Collateral Account; 
(c) 
all other payments paid to the Guarantor under any of the Transaction Documents 
including – for the avoidance of doubt – any indemnity paid by the Sellers in accordance 
with the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements will be credited to the Transaction Account; 
(d) 
all the proceeds made or received by the Guarantor from the sale of Selected Assets under 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
(e) 
any interest accrued on any of the Accounts held with the English Account Bank (except 
as otherwise provided in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement); 
(f) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the 
Investment Account and, on the relevant Liquidation Date, the proceeds of the liquidation 
of the amounts invested from the Transaction Account in the Eligible Investments and 
Integration Assets consisting of securities, during the applicable preceding Collection 
Period, if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; 
(g) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account; and 
(h) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account. 
(ii) 
Withdrawals from the Transaction Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments 
Report, will, no later than 13:00 (Italian time), make those payments as are indicated in 
the relevant Payments Report in accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments 
(including any payment as purchase price of Subsequent Receivables) other than those set 
out in paragraph (c) below; 
(b) 
the English Account Bank will transfer from the Transaction Account to the Investment 
Account (if any) upon instruction of the Investment Agent, all or part of the funds credited 
on, and standing to the credit of, the Transaction Account on the relevant Investment Date; 
and 
(c) 
one Business Day prior to each Guarantor Payment Date falling after the delivery of a 
Notice to Pay, the Cash Manager, on the basis of the relevant Payments Report, will 
transfer to the Italian Paying Agent Account the amounts necessary for the Italian Paying 
Agent to execute payments of interests and principal due in relation to the outstanding 
Covered Bonds. 
“Investment Date” means any date in which the Investment Agent elects to make investments according 
to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Any “Collateral Account/s” opened in respect of any Swap Counterparty, which shall be operated in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
relevant Swap Agreement entered into between the Guarantor and such Swap Counterparty. 
The “Reserve Account” (which, together with the Transaction Account and the Collateral Account(s), 
are referred to as the “English Accounts”).  
(iii) 
Payments into the Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date monies will be credited to the Reserve Account in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments until the balance of such account 
equals the relevant Required Reserve Amount on such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(b) 
on the relevant Liquidation Date the proceeds of the liquidation of the amounts invested 
from the Reserve Account in the Eligible Investments and Integration Assets consisting of 
securities, during the preceding Collection Period, if any, will be transferred to the Reserve 
Account. 
(iv) 
Withdrawals from the Reserve Account: 
(a) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, the funds standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve Amount will be 
applied by the Cash Manager as Interest Available Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
the English Account Bank will transfer from the Reserve Account to the Investment 
Account upon instruction of the Investment Agent all or part of the funds credited on, and 
standing to the credit of, the Reserve Account on the relevant Investment Date provided 
that any investments made by using such funds shall be liquidated no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date identified under paragraph (a) of the definition 
of “Liquidation Date; 
(c) 
on each Guarantor Payment Date following the service of a Notice to Pay, the funds 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account which are available on such Guarantor 
Payment Date to be applied by the Cash Manager as Interest Available Funds in 
accordance with the applicable Priority of Payments; 
(d) 
at the end of any Collection Period, the interest accrued on the credit balance of the 
Reserve Account, if any, will be transferred to the Transaction Account; and 
(e) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds will be redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amounts 
standing to the credit of the Reserve Account will be transferred to the Transaction 
Account and used to make payments in accordance with the applicable Priority of 
Payments. 
No payment may be made out of the Accounts which would thereby cause or result in any such account 
becoming overdrawn.

--- Page 190 ---
190 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds to the Issuer from the issue of all Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, either: 
(a) 
Issuer for general funding purposes of the Group (including funding of the mortgage loans business of the 
Group); or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects, meeting the Eligibility Green Criteria, Eligibility Social Criteria or Eligibility Sustainability 
Criteria (together, "Eligibility Criteria"). 
According to the Principles, only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any other 
criteria specified in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework, Social Bond Framework or Sustainability Bond Framework, 
may qualify as credible "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
For the purposes of this section:  
"Eligible Green Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Green Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Social Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Social Bond Framework. 
"Eligible Sustainability Projects" means projects identified as such in the Issuer’s Sustainability Bond Framework. 
"Eligibility Green Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Green Bond 
Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Green Projects and issue an opinion based on 
the Eligibility Green Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Social Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Social Bond 
Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Social Projects and issue an opinion based on 
the Social Eligibility Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
"Eligibility Sustainability Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer’s Sustainability 
Bond Framework, which, prior to the relevant Issue Date, will be available on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.bper.it. An external reviewer will be appointed to review the selected Eligible Sustainability Projects 
and issue an opinion based on the Eligibility Sustainability Criteria. This opinion will be made available on the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.bper.it. 
The information on the websites does not form part of the Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinized or approved 
by the competent authority.

--- Page 191 ---
191 
DESCRIPTION OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, pursuant to a master transfer agreement entered into between BPER as Initial Seller and 
the Guarantor, as subsequently amended, (the “BPER Master Transfer Agreement”), the Initial Seller (a) has 
transferred without recourse (pro soluto) to the Guarantor an initial portfolio of monetary receivables arising 
from Mortgage Loans (the “Initial Receivables”) and (b) may assign and transfer without recourse (pro soluto) 
further monetary receivables arising from Mortgage Loans (the “Subsequent Receivables”) and/or Integration 
Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor from time to time, in the cases and subject to the limits 
on the transfer of Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a), of the MEF Decree. 
“Valuation Date” means: (i) in respect of the Initial Receivables, 30 September 2011; and (ii) in respect of any 
portfolio of Subsequent Receivables, the date indicated as such in the relevant offer for Subsequent Receivables. 
Purchase Price 
The purchase price payable for the Initial Receivables has been determined and the purchase price for the 
Subsequent Receivables will be determined pursuant to the provisions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
The Subsequent Receivables 
In accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, BPER 
may (or, in order to prevent or to cure a breach of the Mandatory Tests and the other tests provided for in the 
Transaction Documents, shall) transfer further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) in the following circumstances: 
(a) 
to collateralise the issue of further Tranches of Covered Bonds by the Issuer, subject to the Limits to the 
Assignment (each an “Issuance Assignment”); 
(b) 
to invest the Principal Available Funds, subject to the Limits to the Assignment, provided that no Issuer 
Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default has occurred and is continuing (each a “Revolving 
Assignment”); 
(c) 
to ensure compliance with the Tests in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, 
subject to compliance with the provisions of the MEF Decree and the requirements set out in the 
definition of Eligible Investments (the “Integration Assignment”). 
The Integration Assignment 
The integration of the Cover Pool (whether through Integration Assets or Subsequent Receivables) shall be 
allowed solely for the purpose of complying with the Mandatory Test and the Asset Coverage Test or to comply 
with the Integration Assets Limit (as defined below) provided for under the OBG Regulations. 
The integration of the Cover Pool shall be carried out through the Integration Assets provided that, the 
Integration Assets shall not be, at any time, higher than 15 per cent. of the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the assets comprised in the Cover Pool (the “Integration Assets Limit”). 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3, of the MEF Decree 
consisting of (i) Eligible Deposits ; and (ii) securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States with residual 
maturity not greater than one year, in each case meeting the requirements set out in the definition of Eligible 
Investments.

--- Page 192 ---
192 
Further assignments 
Each portfolio of Subsequent Receivables shall be exclusively composed of monetary receivables arising under 
Mortgage Loans, which comply with the general criteria indicated in schedule 1 to the BPER Master Transfer 
Agreement (the “General Criteria”) and, if applicable in relation to the relevant transfer, the Specific Criteria 
specified in the relevant offer for sale sent by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor in accordance with the provisions 
of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
The obligation of the Guarantor to purchase any Subsequent Receivables shall be conditional upon: 
(a) 
for the Revolving Assignments, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available Funds in accordance 
with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) confirmation by the 
Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests 
will be complied with;  
(b) 
for the Issuance Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan, to pay 
the relevant purchase price; and 
(c) 
for the Integration Assignments, sufficient funds are advanced under the BPER Subordinated Loan 
and/or, only prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, (i) the existence of sufficient Principal Available 
Funds in accordance with the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and (ii) 
confirmation by the Calculation Agent that, as a result of such assignment, the Asset Coverage Test and 
the Mandatory Tests will be complied with. 
Price adjustments 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement provides a price adjustment mechanism pursuant to which: 
(a) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable 
does not meet the Criteria and was therefore erroneously transferred to the Guarantor, then such Initial 
Receivable or Subsequent Receivable will be deemed not to have been assigned and transferred to the 
Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement; 
(b) 
if, following the relevant effective date, it transpires that any initial receivable or subsequent receivable 
which met the Criteria was not included in the Initial Receivables or the Subsequent Receivables, then 
such Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable shall be deemed to have been assigned and transferred 
to the Guarantor as of the Valuation Date of the relevant Initial Receivable or Subsequent Receivable, 
pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor have set up a proper 
mechanism to manage the necessary settlements for the substitution or acquisition of the relevant Initial 
Receivables or Subsequent Receivables and the increase or decrease, as the case may be, of the amounts already 
paid as purchase price. 
Repurchase of receivables and Pre-emption right 
(a) 
The Initial Seller is granted with an option right, pursuant to Article 1331 of Italian civil code, to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Receivables assigned by it, also in different tranches, 
in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
(b) 
According to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the Initial Seller is granted a pre-emption right to 
repurchase the Initial Receivables or Subsequent Receivables assigned by it, to be sold by the Guarantor 
to third parties, at the same terms and conditions provided for such third parties.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
Termination of the Guarantor’s obligation to purchase Subsequent Receivables 
Pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent 
Receivables from the Initial Seller shall terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) the 
Programme Termination Date has occurred; or (b) a Notice to Pay has been served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor.  
For the purposes hereof, “Programme Termination Date” means the later of: 
(i) 
31 December 2023; and 
(ii) the date on which all Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been redeemed in full. 
Moreover, the obligation of the Guarantor to purchase Subsequent Receivables from the Initial Seller shall 
terminate upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) a breach of material obligations of BPER as Initial 
Seller pursuant to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, in the event such breach is not cured within 
the period specified in the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, or it is otherwise not curable; (b) any material 
breach of BPER’s representations and warranties given in any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and such breach has a material adverse effect on the Covered Bondholders; (c) a material adverse change 
has occurred in respect of BPER; (d) a change of control of BPER which has caused BPER not to be part of the 
BPER Group; and (e) winding up of BPER, or opening of other bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding with 
respect to BPER. 
Following the occurrence of one of the events described above, the Guarantor shall no longer be obliged to 
purchase Subsequent Receivables from BPER without prejudice, however, with the provisions set out in the 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement in relation to Integration Assignments. 
Undertakings 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also contains a number of undertakings by the Initial Seller in respect 
of its activities in relation to the Receivables. The Initial Seller has undertaken, inter alia, to refrain from 
carrying out activities with respect to the Receivables which may prejudice the validity or recoverability of any 
Receivables and, in particular, not to assign or transfer the Receivables to any third party or to create any 
security interest, charge, lien or encumbrance or other right in favour of any third party in respect of the 
Receivables. The Initial Seller has also undertaken to refrain from any action which could cause any of the 
Receivables to become invalid or cause a reduction in the amount of any of the Receivables or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. The BPER Master Transfer Agreement also provides that the Initial Seller shall waive any set 
off rights in respect of the Receivables, and co-operate actively with the Guarantor in any activity concerning 
the Receivables. 
Additional Sellers 
Any bank, other than the Initial Seller, which is and/or will be a member of the BPER Group (each an 
“Additional Seller”), that will sell further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets, other than 
Eligible Deposits, to the Guarantor, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions, and which, for such purpose, 
shall, inter alia: 
(i) 
enter into with the Guarantor a master transfer agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially 
the same terms and conditions of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (each an “Additional Master 
Transfer Agreement” and, together with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, the “Master Transfer 
Agreements” and, any one of them, a “Master Transfer Agreement”); and 
(ii) accede to the Intercreditor Agreement by signing an accession letter substantially in the form attached to 
the Intercreditor Agreement and the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, respectively.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
Governing law 
The BPER Master Transfer Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Servicing Agreement 
The Guarantor appointed BPER (in such capacity, the “Servicer”) as servicer of the Receivables pursuant to 
the terms of a servicing agreement dated 2 November 2011, as subsequently amended (the “Servicing 
Agreement”).  
Under the Servicing Agreement, the Servicer has agreed to perform certain servicing duties in connection with 
the Receivables, and, in general, the Servicer has agreed to be responsible for the management of the 
Receivables respectively assigned by it and for cash and payment services (soggetto incaricato della riscossione 
dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento) in accordance with the requirements of the Law 130. 
As consideration for activities performed and reimbursement of expenses, the Servicing Agreement provides 
that the Servicer will receive certain fees payable by the Guarantor on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the applicable Priorities of Payments. 
Servicer’s activities 
In the context of the appointment, the Servicer has undertaken to perform, with its best diligence, inter alia, the 
following activities: 
(a) 
administration, management and collection of the Receivables in accordance with the collection policies, 
management and administration of enforcement proceedings and insolvency proceedings; 
(b) 
being responsible for data processing (responsabile del trattamento dei dati personali) in respect of the 
data relating to the Receivables respectively assigned by it pursuant to Article 29 of the Legislative 
Decree no. 196 of 30 June 2003 (the “Privacy Law”); 
(c) 
to keep and maintain updated and safe the respective documents relating to the Receivables respectively 
assigned by it; to consent to the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
examining and inspecting the documents and drawing copies; and 
(d) 
upon the service of a Notice to Pay or of an Acceleration Notice, to comply with the instructions of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and shall, if acting on behalf of the Guarantor, sell or offer 
to sell to third parties one or more Receivables, in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer is entitled to delegate the performance of certain activities to third parties, except, inter alia, for 
the supervisory activities in accordance with Bank of Italy Regulations of 3 April 2015, No. 288, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. Notwithstanding the above, the Servicer shall remain fully liable for the 
activities performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer, and shall maintain the Guarantor fully indemnified 
for any losses, costs and damages incurred for the activity performed by a party so appointed by the Servicer. 
Servicer Reports 
The Servicer has undertaken to prepare and submit quarterly reports to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, 
the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparties and the Guarantor Calculation Agent, in the form set out in the Servicing Agreement, 
containing information as to the collections and recoveries made in respect of the Receivables during the 
preceding Collection Period. After the occurrence of a breach of any of the Tests, and until the date on which 
such breach has been cured, or, prior to a breach of any of the Test, at any time at its discretion, the Servicer

--- Page 195 ---
195 
will prepare and submit to the Guarantor, the Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, and the Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties monthly reports. The reports will provide the main information relating to the Servicer’s activity 
during each such period. 
Successor Servicer 
Pursuant to the Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor, upon the occurrence of a termination event, shall have the 
right to withdraw the appointment of the relevant Servicer at any time and to appoint a different entity (each a 
“Successor Servicer”). The Successor Servicer shall undertake to carry out the activity of administration, 
management and collection of the relevant Receivables in respect of which it has been appointed, as well as all 
other activities provided for in the relevant Servicing Agreement by entering into a servicing agreement having 
substantially the same form and contents as the relevant Servicing Agreement and accepting the terms and 
conditions of the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Guarantor may terminate the appointment of the Servicer and appoint a Successor Servicer following the 
occurrence of certain termination events set out in the Servicing Agreement (each a “Servicer Termination 
Event”). 
The Servicer Termination Events include, inter alia: 
(a) 
failure to transfer, deposit or pay any amount due by the relevant Servicer which failure continues for a 
period of five Business Days following receipt by the relevant Servicer of a written notice from the 
Guarantor requiring the relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(b) 
the Bank of Italy has proposed to the Minister of Finance to admit the relevant Servicer to any insolvency 
proceeding or a request for the judicial assessment of the insolvency of the relevant Servicer has been 
filed with the competent office or the relevant Servicer has been admitted to the procedures set out in 
articles 74 and 76 of the Italian Banking Act, or a resolution is passed by the relevant Servicer with the 
intention of applying for such proceedings to be initiated; 
(c) 
failure by the relevant Servicer to observe or perform duties under the Transaction Documents to which 
it is a party and the continuation of such failure for a period of 10 Business Days following receipt of 
written notice from the Guarantor and such failure is reasonably deemed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
the representations and warranties made by the Servicer in the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party are materially false or misleading and such misrepresentation is reasonably deemed by the 
Representative of the covered Bondholders as materially prejudicial to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(e) 
the Servicer is unable to meet the legal requirements and the Bank of Italy’s regulations for entities 
acting as servicer; and 
(f) 
the Servicer ceases to belong to the BPER Group.  
Governing law 
The Servicing Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, it is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
Back-up Servicing Facilitation Agreement 
Under a back-up servicing facilitation agreement between the Guarantor, BPER as Servicer, Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. as Back-up Servicing Facilitator and as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(the “Back-up Servicing Facilitation Agreement”) entered into on 21 June 2021, Banca Finanziaria 
Internazionale S.p.A. has committed itself, should BPER cease to act as Servicer of the Receivables, to use its 
best efforts in order to select an entity to be appointed as servicer on the same terms provided for in the Servicing 
Agreement. Any fees and commissions payable to Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as Back-up Servicer 
Facilitator shall be paid by BPER. 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a warranty and indemnity agreement, as 
subsequently amended, (the “BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial 
Seller made certain representations and warranties to the Guarantor in respect of the portfolios of Receivables 
transferred and to be transferred by it. 
Specifically, as of the date of execution of the BPER Master Transfer Agreement, as of each subsequent transfer 
date and as of each Issue Date, the Initial Seller has given to the Guarantor, inter alia, representations and 
warranties about: (a) its status and powers, (b) the information and the documents provided to the Guarantor, 
(c) its legal title on the Receivables assigned by it, (d) the status of the Receivables assigned by it and (e) the 
terms and conditions of the Receivables assigned by it. 
Pursuant to the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Initial Seller has undertaken to fully and 
promptly indemnify and hold harmless the Guarantor and its officers, directors and agents, from and against 
any and all damages, losses, claims, liabilities, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable 
attorney’s fees and disbursements and any value added tax and other tax thereon as well as any claim for 
damages by third parties) awarded against, or incurred by, any of them, arising from any representations and/or 
warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement being actually false, 
incomplete or incorrect and/or failure by the Initial Seller to perform any of the obligations and undertakings 
assumed by the Initial Seller under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party.  
Moreover, the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement provides that, in the event of a misrepresentation or 
a breach of any of the representations and warranties made by the Initial Seller under the BPER Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, which materially and adversely affects the value of one or more Receivables or the 
interest of the Guarantor in such Receivables, and such misrepresentation or breach is not cured, whether by 
payment of damages or indemnification or otherwise, by the Initial Seller within a period of 30 (thirty) days 
from receipt of a written notice from the Guarantor to that effect (the “Cure Period”), the Guarantor has the 
option, pursuant to article 1331 of the Italian civil code, to assign and transfer to the Initial Seller all of the 
Receivables affected by any such misrepresentation or breach (the “Affected Receivables”). The Guarantor 
will be entitled to exercise the put option by giving to the Initial Seller, at any time during the period 
commencing on the Business Day immediately following the last day of the Cure Period and ending on the day 
which is 180 days after such Business Day, written notice to that effect (the “Put Option Notice”). 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) to the Guarantor, will be, inter alia, required to enter into with the Guarantor a warranty and indemnity 
agreement providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement (each such agreement, an “Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” and, 
together with the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the “Warranty and Indemnity Agreements”).

--- Page 197 ---
197 
Governing law 
The BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement 
On 2 November 2011, the Initial Seller and the Guarantor entered into a subordinated loan agreement, as 
subsequently amended, (the “BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement”), pursuant to which the Initial Seller has 
granted to the Guarantor a subordinated loan (the “Subordinated Loan”) with a maximum amount equal to the 
BPER Commitment Limit. Under the provisions of such agreement, the Initial Seller shall make advances to 
the Guarantor in amounts equal to the relevant price of the Receivables transferred from time to time to the 
Guarantor by it, including the Subsequent Receivables or Integration Assets to be transferred in order to prevent 
a breach of the Tests. Each advance granted by the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement shall be identified in (a) a term loan advanced to fund the purchase price of Receivables to be sold 
in the framework of an Issuance Assignment (the “Issuance Advance”); (b) a term loan advanced for the 
purpose of purchasing further Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets in the framework of an 
Integration Assignment (the “Integration Advance”); (c) a term loan advanced for the purpose of paying any 
amount required to be paid as a result of an adjustment to be made to the purchase price of Initial Receivables 
and/or Subsequent Receivables in accordance with the BPER Master Transfer Agreement (the “Price 
Adjustment Advance”); and (d) financing the creation of Eligible Deposits (the “Eligible Deposits Advance” 
and, together with the Issuance Advance, the Integration Advance and the Price Adjustment Advance, the 
“Advances”).  
The Guarantor shall pay any interest due under the Subordinated Loan on each Guarantor Payment Date in 
accordance with the relevant Priorities of Payments. 
The Advances shall bear interest and be remunerated by way of the Subordinated Loan Interest. 
“Subordinated Loan Interest” means: 
(a) 
prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and, in the event that such Notice to Pay has been revoked, an 
amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Interest Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (ix) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payment; or 
(b) 
following the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been revoked, but 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic 
sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; and 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (vi) of the Post-Issuer Event of Default 
Priority of Payments; or 
(c) 
following the service of an Acceleration Notice an amount equal to the higher of zero and the algebraic 
sum of: 
(i) 
(+) the amount of Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(-) the sum of any amount paid under items from (i) to (v) of the Post-Guarantor Event of Default 
Priority of Payments.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
The Advances shall be due for repayment on the date that matches the latest maturity date of the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme, and shall be repayable within the limits of the Available Funds and in accordance 
with the relevant Priority of Payments. 
Pursuant to the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, should the rating of the Issuer fall below “Ba3” from 
Moody’s, the Issuance Advances shall be repayable on the date which is six months after the maturity date of 
the relevant Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
Notwithstanding the above, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, upon receipt by the Guarantor of a request 
from the Initial Seller, the Advances shall be repaid by the Guarantor prior to the date that matches the maturity 
date of the relevant series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments, provided that the Calculation Agent confirms that, as a result of such early repayment, 
the Asset Coverage Test and the Mandatory Tests will be complied with. 
Additional Sellers 
Any Additional Seller that will sell Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) to the Guarantor will be required to enter into with the Guarantor a subordinated loan agreement 
providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions of the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement (each such agreement an “Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” and, together with the 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, the “Subordinated Loan Agreements”). 
In such event, the portion of Subordinated Loan Interest to be paid to the Initial Seller and the relevant 
Additional Sellers will be determined on the basis of the formula to be agreed from time to time by the Initial 
Seller such Additional Sellers and the Guarantor (and indicatively based on the portion of assets transferred by 
each Seller at any date with respect to the aggregate amount of the Cover Pool at the same date). 
Governing law 
The BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On or about the Issue Date, the Guarantor issued a guarantee securing the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Covered Bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”), in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 
and of the MEF Decree. Under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee:  
(i) 
following the service of a Notice of Pay on the Guarantor but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order 
of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any 
amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date; and 
(ii) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor has agreed to pay, or procure to be paid, 
unconditionally and irrevocably to, or to the order of, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (for 
the benefit of the Covered Bondholders), any amounts due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on 
the Due for Payment Date. 
Pursuant to article 7-bis, paragraph 1 of Law 130 and article 4 of the MEF Decree, the guarantee provided under 
this Covered Bond Guarantee is a first demand autonomous guarantee (garanzia autonoma a prima richiesta) 
and therefore provides for direct and independent obligations of the Guarantor vis-à-vis the Covered 
Bondholders. The obligation of payment under this Covered Bond Guarantee shall be an unconditional and 
irrevocable (irrevocabile) obligation of the Guarantor, irrespective of, and unaffected by, any invalidity,

--- Page 199 ---
199 
irregularity or unenforceability or genuineness of any of the obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, 
with limited recourse to the Available Funds.  
The Covered Bond Guarantee is not a “fideiussione” and therefore the provisions of the Italian civil code 
relating to fideiussione set forth in articles 1939 (Validità della fideiussione), 1941, paragraph 1 (Limiti della 
fideiussione), 1944, paragraph 2 (Obbligazione del fideiussore), 1945 (Eccezioni opponibili dal fideiussore), 
1955 (Liberazione del fideiussore per fatto del creditore), 1956 (Liberazione del fideiussore per obbligazione 
futura) and 1957 (Scadenza dell’obbligazione principale) shall not apply to the Covered Bond Guarantee 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, 
payment by the Guarantor of the Guaranteed Amounts pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made, 
subject to and in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments, on the relevant 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, subject as described below in relation to an Article 74 Event. In addition, if 
an Extended Maturity Date is envisaged under the relevant Final Terms, where the Guarantor is required to 
make a payment of a Guaranteed Amount in respect of a Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity 
Date of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, to the extent that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys available 
after payment of higher ranking amounts and taking into account amounts ranking pari passu therewith in the 
relevant Priority of Payments, to pay such Guaranteed Amounts, it shall make partial payments of such 
Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments on such Maturity 
Date and any such amount due and remaining unpaid on such date may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
Scheduled Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date, if applicable. 
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default arising as a result of a resolution issued in respect of 
the Issuer pursuant to article 74 of the Banking Act (an “Article 74 Event”) and the service of a Notice to Pay, 
the Guarantor, in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 4, of the MEF Decree, shall be solely responsible for 
making the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts falling due under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds during 
the applicable Suspension Period. The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor (the “Article 74 Event Cure Notice”), 
informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, provided that in relation to such cure event, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled, if it deems appropriate, to receive and to rely upon 
prior confirmation from competent professionals of such cure event having occurred. Upon service of the Article 
74 Event Cure Notice and unless a Notice to Pay in connection with the occurrence of another Issuer Event of 
Default has been otherwise served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor’s obligation to make payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee shall cease to apply and the Issuer 
shall resume responsibility for making any payment due under the Covered Bonds (and, for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer). 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice, all Covered Bonds then outstanding will accelerate against the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Conditions and will become immediately due and payable ranking pari passu 
and without any preference amongst themselves. In such circumstances, the Available Funds shall be applied 
in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
All payments of Guaranteed Amounts by or on behalf of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or other governmental charges of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by the 
Italian Republic or any political subdivision or taxing authority therein or thereof unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law or regulation. If any such withholding or deduction is required, the Guarantor will 
pay the Guaranteed Amounts net of such withholding or deduction and shall account to the appropriate tax 
authority for the amount required to be withheld or deducted. The Guarantor will not be obliged to pay any 
amount to any Covered Bondholder in respect of the amount of such withholding or deduction.

--- Page 200 ---
200 
Exercise of rights 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the Guarantor – also in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Pool Administration 
Agreement and with reference and as of the date of compulsory administrative liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer in accordance with the provisions of article 4, paragraph 3, of the MEF Decree – 
shall substitute the Issuer in every and all obligations of the Issuer towards the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for the relevant Covered Bonds, so that the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders to receive payments under such Covered Bonds in such circumstances shall only 
be a right to receive payments of the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal from the Guarantor on the 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date. In consideration of the substitution of the Guarantor in the performance of 
the payment obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds, the Guarantor (directly or through the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders) shall be subrogated in the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-
à-vis the Issuer and shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and, to the extent applicable, in compliance with the 
provisions of article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree, the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the 
Issuer. Any amount so recovered from the Issuer shall form part of the Available Funds. 
As a result and as expressly indicated in the Conditions, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders) has irrevocably delegated – also in the interest and for the benefit of the 
Guarantor – to the Guarantor the exclusive right to proceed against the Issuer and to demand performance by 
the Issuer of any of its payment obligations under the Covered Bonds, including any right to enforce any 
acceleration of payment against the Issuer provided under the Conditions or under applicable laws and 
regulations. 
For the purposes of the Covered Bond Guarantee: 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such 
Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Due for Payment Date” means (a) at any time prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, a Scheduled Due 
for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) at any time following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the date 
on which the Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due for Payment Date is not a Business 
Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day Convention specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Tranche of Covered Bond, the amount specified in, or 
determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms. 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any Scheduled 
Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled Principal, in each 
case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, an 
amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and unpaid interest and all other 
amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts 
and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) and any other amount payable by 
the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds, provided that any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after 
the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was 
paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and 
recovered from the Covered Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in 
bankruptcy or other insolvency or similar official for the Issuer, named or identified in the Order, and has not 
been paid or recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”).

--- Page 201 ---
201 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent jurisdiction. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts and (ii) only with 
respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default, the day which is two Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on the Guarantor in 
respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Notice to Pay has not been served by the relevant Scheduled 
Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant Series 
of Covered Bonds, the relevant CB Payment Date that would have been applicable if the Maturity Date 
of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date and such other CB Payment 
Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have been due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions and the 
applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where applicable 
after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, in each 
case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any gross-up in respect of any 
withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) 
prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amounts relating to premiums, default 
interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional 
Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional 
Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable 
prior to their Maturity Date or Extended Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each CB 
Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have been 
due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the case may be) 
as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal shall: (i) prior to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to prepayments, early redemption, 
broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest payable by the Issuer following the service 
of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the 
Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that 
an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to article 
74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer and ending on the date on which the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing 
such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during which the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF 
Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the Guaranteed Amounts that falls due and payable during such 
period. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 202 ---
202 
Corporate Services Agreement 
Pursuant to a corporate services agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”), the Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide the Guarantor with certain corporate, 
administrative and accounting services, including the keeping of the corporate books and of the accounting and 
tax registers. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, 
is governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Intercreditor Agreement 
Under the terms of an intercreditor agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date, as subsequently 
amended, (the “Intercreditor Agreement”) among the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Issuer, BPER in 
any capacity, the Corporate Servicer, the Investment Agent, the English Account Bank, the Italian Account 
Bank, the Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the 
Asset Monitor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes 
to the Intercreditor Agreement (with the exception of the Guarantor, the “Secured Creditors”), the parties 
agreed that all the Available Funds of the Guarantor will be applied in or towards satisfaction of the Guarantor’s 
payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in accordance 
with the relevant Priorities of Payments provided in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
According to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, subject to the 
service of an Acceleration Notice, ensure that all the Available Funds are applied in or towards satisfaction of 
the payment obligations towards the Covered Bondholders, as well as the other Secured Creditors, in 
accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments provided in the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to each of the Covered Bondholders and each of the other Secured 
Creditors will be limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor. The Covered Bondholders and the other Secured 
Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the Available Funds, in each case subject 
to and as provided for in the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 
Pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor and each of the Secured Creditors have irrevocably 
agreed that, upon all the Covered Bonds becoming due and payable following the service of an Acceleration 
Notice, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be authorised (a) to carry out the activities provided 
by the Cover Pool Administration Agreement following the service of an Acceleration Notice and (b) to 
exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as a mandatario con rappresentanza of the Guarantor, 
also in the interest and for the benefit of the other Secured Creditors (according to Article 1723, paragraph 2, 
and Article 1726 of the Italian civil code), any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights, including, without limitation, 
the right to give instructions, under each relevant Transaction Document, to each of the Italian Account Bank, 
the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Providers, the Servicer, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Corporate Servicer and any 
other Secured Creditors. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not incur any liability as a result 
of its taking any action or failing to take any action in accordance with such mandate, except in the case of its 
wilful misconduct or gross negligence (dolo o colpa grave). 
“Guarantor’s Rights” means the Guarantor’s right, title and interest in and to the Cover Pool, any rights that 
the Guarantor has under the Transaction Documents and any other rights that the Guarantor has against any

--- Page 203 ---
203 
Secured Creditors (including any applicable guarantors or successors) or third parties in connection with the 
Programme. 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date the Guarantor, the Cash Manager, the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, the Servicer, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders entered into a cash management and agency agreement, as subsequently amended, (the 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement”), pursuant to which the English Account Bank, the Italian 
Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment Agent, 
the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Calculation Agent will provide 
the Guarantor with certain calculation, notification and reporting services, together with account handling and 
cash management services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement: 
(a) 
5 (five) Business Days after the end of the Calculation Period, as the case may be, the English Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with a report together with 
account handling services in relation to moneys from time to time standing to the credit of the Accounts; 
(b) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will, inter alia, calculate the amounts to be disbursed on the following 
Guarantor Payment Date (including, if any, amounts due to, respectively, BPER pursuant to the BPER 
Subordinated Loan Agreement and the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the Additional 
Subordinated Loan Agreements) pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and 
deliver to, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Cash Manager payments report to that effect (the “Payments 
Report”); 
(c) 
upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent will on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible 
Investments and the amounts of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement and will, prepare and deliver to, inter alios, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders a report to that effect (the “Post-Acceleration Report”); 
(d) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent will provide, inter alia, the Guarantor with an investors report (the 
“Investor Report”) which will set out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and the 
Covered Bonds; the Investor Report will be fully available at the Guarantor Calculation Agent web site 
no later than five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
the Principal Paying Agent will make the payments due on the Covered Bonds prior to the service of a 
Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise revoked in accordance 
with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents;  
(f) 
after the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked 
in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Italian Paying Agent will 
make the payments due on the Covered Bonds; and

--- Page 204 ---
204 
(g) 
on any Estense Cover Pool Report Date, the Calculation Agent shall prepare a report setting out certain 
information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, 
of CRR (the “Estense Cover Pool Report”). The Estense Cover Pool Report will be published in the 
Issuer’s web site. 
Account Banks 
The Collection Accounts, the Securities Account (if any), the Investment Account (if any), the Transaction 
Account, the Expenses Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral Account(s) (if any) (together the 
“Accounts”) will be opened in the name of the Guarantor and shall be operated by the Account Banks, and the 
amounts standing to the credit thereof shall be debited and credited in accordance with the provisions of the 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
The Account Banks shall, on behalf of the Guarantor, maintain or ensure that records in respect of all the 
Accounts are maintained and such records will, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date, as 
the case may be, show separately: (i) the balance of each of the Accounts, respectively, as of the close of business 
of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; (ii) the total interest accrued and paid on the Accounts, 
respectively, as of the close of business of the last day of the relevant Calculation Period; and (iii) details of all 
amounts or securities credited to, and transfers made from, each of the Accounts, respectively, in the course of 
the immediately preceding Collection Period. The Account Banks will inform the Guarantor and/or the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, upon their request, about the balance of those of the Accounts 
which are held with it. 
Pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Cash Manager, the Italian Paying Agent, the 
English Account Bank and the Italian Account Bank shall always qualify as an Eligible Institution, and failure 
to so qualify shall constitute a termination event thereunder. 
Investment Agent 
During each Collection Period, the Investment Agent may instruct the Italian Account Bank and the Cash 
Manager to invest on behalf of the Guarantor funds standing to the credit of the Investment Account in Eligible 
Investments which have the requisite maturity date, and any return generated thereby, and principal thereof, 
will be transferred to the Investment Account, and will form part of the Available Funds on the immediately 
following Guarantor Payment Date. 
Subject to compliance with the definition of Eligible Investments and the other restrictions set out in the Cash 
Management and Agency Agreement, the Investment Agent shall have absolute discretion as to the types and 
amounts of Eligible Investments which it may acquire and as to the terms on which, through whom and on 
which markets, any purchase of Eligible Investments may be effected. 
Guarantor Calculation Agent 
On or prior to the Investor Report Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare and deliver to, inter alios, 
the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Corporate Servicer 
and the Rating Agency, the Investor Report setting out certain information with respect to the Cover Pool and 
the Covered Bonds. 
On each Payments Report Date, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will calculate the amounts to be disbursed on 
the following Guarantor Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Priority of Payments and will prepare and submit 
to the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Italian Paying Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Servicer, the Swap Counterparties, the Account Banks 
and the Corporate Servicer the relevant Payments Report. The Payments Report will set out the Available Funds

--- Page 205 ---
205 
and payments to be made on the immediately succeeding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the 
applicable Priorities of Payments. Such Payments Report will be available for inspection during normal 
business hours at the registered office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
Prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement, the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that (a) all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Interest Available Funds and that such 
amounts shall be applied to make payments under item (i) to item (v) (included) of the Pre-Issuer Event of 
Default Interest Priority of Payments and (b) the fees due and payable to the Servicer on the next following 
Guarantor Payment Date shall be equal to the amount specified in the last available Payments Report. In such 
circumstances no payments or provisions will be made under the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority 
of Payments. Any amount that will not be used and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments 
on each Guarantor Payment Date shall remain credited onto the Transaction Account and shall be considered 
as Available Funds and applied on the immediately following Guarantor Payment Date. If the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent is notified or informed by the transaction party in charge to determine the relevant amounts 
that any assumptions made by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and referred to above are wrong, then the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, on the immediately following Calculation Date, shall prepare a Payments Report 
including the relevant incorrect amounts assumed, with the purpose to off-setting such amounts with any 
amounts due and payable on the next following Guarantor Payment Date. Subject to receipt of the Servicer’s 
Report and any of the other information to be delivered pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement on each subsequent Calculation Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare a Payments 
Report taking into account all the relevant adjustments and recalculations reflecting any difference between (i) 
the amounts paid on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and (ii) the amounts that would have been payable on the preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date had the Servicer’s Report being duly received by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and the service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor, if the 
Servicer fails to provide the Servicer Report pursuant to Clause 17.1.2 of the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement the Guarantor Calculation Agent will be entitled to assume that all amounts collected during the 
immediately preceding Collection Period fall within the definition of Available Funds and that such amounts 
shall be applied to make payments under the relevant Priority of Payments. If the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
is notified or informed by the transaction party in charge to determine the relevant amounts that any assumptions 
made by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and referred to above are wrong, then the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, on the immediately following Calculation Date, shall prepare a Payments Report including the relevant 
incorrect amounts assumed, with the purpose to off-setting such amounts with any amounts due and payable on 
the next following Guarantor Payment Date. Subject to receipt of the Servicer’s Report and any of the other 
information to be delivered pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement on each subsequent 
Calculation Date the Guarantor Calculation Agent shall prepare a Payments Report taking into account all the 
relevant adjustments and recalculations reflecting any difference between (i) the amounts paid on the preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and (ii) the amounts 
that would have been payable on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date had the Servicer’s Report being duly 
received by the Guarantor Calculation Agent. 
Upon the service of an Acceleration Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent shall, on the relevant Calculation Date or upon the request of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, calculate the amount of the Available Funds, the Eligible Investments and the amounts 
of each of the payments and allocations to be made by the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor 
Agreement and will prepare and submit the Post-Acceleration Report to, inter alios, the Representative of the

--- Page 206 ---
206 
Covered Bondholders, each of the Secured Creditors and the Rating Agency as soon as reasonably practicable 
following the date of request for its production and, in any event, no later than five Business Days following 
such request. 
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date. 
“Investor’s Report Date” means five Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
Cash Manager 
On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Manager shall, subject to the provisions of the Cash Management 
and Agency Agreement, execute the payment instructions stated by the Guarantor Calculation Agent and shall 
allocate the amounts standing on the Transaction Account and the Reserve Account according to the relevant 
Priority of Payments on the basis of the Payments Report or the Post-Acceleration Report (as applicable). 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent will prepare the Test Performance Reports, subject to receipt by it of reports from the 
Servicer, the Cash Manager, the Account Banks and the Corporate Servicer. 
Principal Paying Agent 
Prior to the service of a Notice to Pay and at any time thereafter if such Notice to Pay has been otherwise 
revoked in accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Principal Paying Agent 
will make payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Issuer in 
accordance with the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and 
the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Italian Paying Agent 
After the service of a Notice to Pay and for so long as such Notice to Pay has not been otherwise revoked in 
accordance with the Conditions and the other Transaction Documents, the Italian Paying Agent shall make 
payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds on behalf of the Guarantor in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Conditions, the relevant Final Terms, the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement and the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli. 
Termination 
Upon the occurrence of certain events, including the Account Banks, the Cash Manager or the Italian Paying 
Agent ceasing to qualify as Eligible Institutions, either the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Guarantor, provided that (in the case of the Guarantor) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders consents 
in writing to such termination, may terminate the appointment of any Agent, as the case may be, under the terms 
of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
Governing law 
Save for certain provisions which are governed by English law, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. 
The opening and managing provisions concerning the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the 
Collateral Account(s), if any, (and the duties of the English Account Bank in respect thereof) and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, English law.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Asset Monitor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders have entered into a cover pool 
administration agreement, as subsequently amended, (the “Cover Pool Administration Agreement”). Pursuant 
to the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer, also in its capacity as Initial Seller and the Guarantor 
have undertaken certain obligations for the replenishment of the Cover Pool in order to cure a breach of the 
Tests (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests” below). 
Under the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and the 
Additional Sellers (if any) shall procure on a ongoing basis (and, without prejudice of the OBG Regulations, 
such obligation shall be deemed to be complied with if the tests are satisfied on each Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant tests are to be carried out pursuant to 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be) and until 
the Programme Termination Date that the Mandatory Test (as described in detail in the section headed “Credit 
structure – Tests” below) is met with respect to the Cover Pool.  
Starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds and until the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with the Conditions and the Final Terms; and 
(b) 
the date on which a Notice to Pay is served on the Guarantor, 
the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) and any Seller shall procure that on any Calculation Date and/or 
Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to 
the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case 
may be, that the Asset Coverage Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
For so long as any Series of Covered Bonds remains outstanding, the Issuer (also in its capacity as Initial Seller) 
and any Additional Seller will ensure that, following the service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of 
an Acceleration Notice), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation Date and/or on each other day 
on which the relevant Test is to be carried out pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in 
the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent shall also verify, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, that the Asset Coverage Test is 
met as of the date specified in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and, following the service of a Notice 
to Pay, that the Amortisation Test (as defined in the section headed “Credit structure – Tests”) is met. 
The Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on any other day on which the Test Performance Report is to be delivered pursuant to the provisions 
of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the case may be, to the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Swap Counterparties, the Guarantor, the Calculation Agent, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Cash Manager, the Rating Agency and the Asset Monitor, a 
report setting out the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Tests (the “Test Performance Report”). 
Such report shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Mandatory Tests and/or of the Asset Coverage Test 
and/or the Amortisation Test. 
Following the notification by the Calculation Agent, in the relevant Test Performance Report, of a breach of 
any Test, the Guarantor shall, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, to any possible extent use 
the Available Funds to purchase Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets in order to cure the relevant 
Test. To the extent the Available Funds are not sufficient, the Issuer shall sell to the Guarantor Integration Assets

--- Page 208 ---
208 
and/or Subsequent Receivables, in an amount sufficient to permit to satisfy the Tests on the next following 
Monthly Calculation Date. Failing the Issuer to cure the Tests, any Additional Seller (if any) shall sell, and the 
Guarantor shall purchase, as soon as possible, sufficient Subsequent Receivables and/or Integration Assets. If 
the Tests are not satisfied on the immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve a notice (the “Breach of Tests Notice”) on the Issuer and the Guarantor.  
If, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the relevant Tests are not satisfied on or before the 
immediately following Monthly Calculation Date, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its 
sole discretion, and shall, if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders, serve a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Sale of Selected Assets following the service of a Notice to Pay 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of an 
Acceleration Notice), the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely payments under the 
Covered Bonds) direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, subject to the pre-emption right of the relevant Seller pursuant to the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement. The proceeds from any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction Account and applied 
as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
The Guarantor shall, through a tender process, appoint a bank or investment company or an auditing firm of a 
recognised standing, with a long experience in the management, sale and/or financing of portfolio of 
receivables, to act as cover pool manager (the “Cover Pool Manager”), on a basis intended to incentivise the 
Cover Pool Manager to achieve the best price for the sale of the Receivables and/or Integration Assets, other 
than Eligible Deposits, (if such terms are commercially available in the market), to advise it in relation to the 
sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets, other than Eligible Deposits (except where the relevant Seller is 
buying the Receivables and/or Integration Assets pursuant to its pre-emption rights under the relevant Master 
Transfer Agreement in accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement). The terms 
of the agreement giving effect to the appointment of the Cover Pool Manager in accordance with such tender 
shall be approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The instructions given to the 
Cover Pool Manager will be in line with the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and will 
include the duty to prepare and send to the Rating Agency a business plan containing any relevant information 
on the sale of assets performed by it pursuant to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
The Servicer will be required to comply with the directions given by the Cover Pool Manager. Upon its 
appointment, the Cover Pool Manager shall accede to the Intercreditor Agreement, undertaking all the 
applicable obligations provided therein. 
Before offering Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) for sale in accordance with 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the Guarantor shall ensure that the assets to be offered for sale (the 
“Selected Assets”): (i) have been selected from the Cover Pool on a Random Basis; (ii) no more Selected Assets 
will be selected than it is necessary to raise disposal proceeds equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption 
Amount and (iii) have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount (the “Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance Amount”) which is as close as possible to (and in any event no higher than) the amount 
calculated in accordance to the following formula: 
 
Adjusted Required 
Redemption Amount 
X 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Receivables and Integration Assets 
(other than Eligible Deposits) 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds then outstanding

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
For the purposes of the formula above: 
“Adjusted Required Redemption Amount” means an amount equal to: 
(i) 
the Required Redemption Amount of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds; plus or minus  
(ii) any swap termination amounts payable under the relevant Swap Agreements by the Guarantor to the 
relevant Swap Counterparty/ies (to the extent that they rank in priority or pari passu to the Covered Bonds) 
or by the relevant Swap Counterparty/ies to the Guarantor, respectively; minus 
(iii) the Net Available Redemption Funds. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the amount calculated 
as the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by 
(1+(Negative Carry Factor* (days to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if applicable) of the 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds /365)). 
If:  
(i) 
there is more than one Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding and the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount of the Selected Assets selected in accordance with the formula above is not sufficient to 
redeem the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall ensure that additional Selected Assets 
are selected on a Random Basis for an amount such that the disposal proceeds expected to be realised 
from the sale of the aggregate Selected Assets will permit to effect timely payments on the Earliest 
Maturing Covered Bonds in accordance with the applicable Final Terms, provided, however, that 
following the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets, the Amortisation Test is complied with (assuming 
that the disposal proceeds realised from the sale of such aggregate Selected Assets are used exclusively to 
repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds); or 
(ii) there is only one Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding, the Guarantor will be permitted to select more 
Selected Assets than it is expected to be necessary to raise disposal proceeds for an amount equal to the 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount, provided that it will be required to offer the Selected Assets to 
purchasers for sale for the best price reasonably obtainable.  
Notwithstanding the above, following the service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor may, based on the 
evaluations carried out by the Cover Pool Manager taking into account the then relevant market conditions, sell 
additional Selected Assets on a Random Basis to meet the obligations in respect of any other Series of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding, provided that, prior to and following the sale of such Selected Assets, the Amortisation 
Test is complied with. 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that has the 
earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Random Basis” means any process which selects Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible 
Deposits) on a basis that is not designated to favour the selection of any identifiable class or type or quality of 
assets over all the Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) forming part of the Cover 
Pool. 
The Guarantor (through the Servicer) will offer the Selected Assets to purchasers for sale for the best price 
reasonably obtainable, but in any event for an amount not less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount.  
If the Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) have not been sold for a consideration 
at least equal to the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as

--- Page 210 ---
210 
applicable, the Maturity Date of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds 
is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or, as applicable, the Extended Maturity Date in respect of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity 
Date), then the Guarantor will offer the Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) for 
sale for the best price reasonably available, notwithstanding that the proceeds deriving from such sale may be 
less than the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount.  
The Guarantor (through the Servicer) will ensure that, in each case, the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller 
(if any) will have the right to exercise its pre-emption right in accordance with the relevant Master Transfer 
Agreement. 
In respect of any sale of Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits), the Guarantor 
will instruct the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the Receivables and/or 
Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) are sold as quickly as reasonably practicable (in accordance 
with the recommendations of the Cover Pool Manager) and for the best price reasonably obtainable, in each 
case taking into account the market conditions at that time and, where relevant, the scheduled repayment dates 
of the Covered Bonds, the Conditions and the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale to different purchasers part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a “Partial 
Cover Pool”). Except in circumstances where the portfolio of Selected Assets is being sold within six months 
of the Maturity Date or, where the relevant Series of Covered Bonds has an Extended Maturity Date, prior to 
such Extended Maturity Date, as applicable, of the Series of Covered Bonds to be repaid from such proceeds, 
the sale price of the Partial Cover Pool (as a proportion of the Adjusted Required Redemption Amount) shall 
be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Cover Pool bears to the relevant portfolio Selected Assets. 
If the Selected Assets are sold, then the Guarantor will enter into a sale and purchase agreement with the relevant 
purchasers which will require, inter alia, a cash payment from the relevant purchasers. Any such sale will not 
include any representation and warranties from the Guarantor or the relevant Seller in respect of the Selected 
Assets unless expressly otherwise agreed by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or by the relevant 
Seller. 
With respect to any sale of Selected Assets, the Guarantor may transfer by way of novation or otherwise to the 
purchaser of Selected Assets or terminate, if so requested by the purchaser(s), all or part of its rights under any 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap, subject to (i) the relevant provisions of the relevant Swap Agreement, (ii) the 
consent of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and (iii) confirmation by Moody’s that any such 
novation or termination will not adversely affect the then current ratings of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
If necessary in order to effect timely payments under the Covered Bonds, the Integration Assets (other than 
Eligible Deposits) may be sold first by the Guarantor and the proceeds applied in accordance with the relevant 
Priority of Payments. 
Sale of Selected Asset following the service of an Acceleration Notice 
Following the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor (so authorised by means of execution of the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement), direct the Servicer or, in the absence of the Servicer, the Cover Pool 
Manager to sell Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) and/or Selected Assets as quickly as reasonably 
practicable and for the best price reasonably obtainable in each case taking into account the market conditions 
at that time, subject to any pre-emption right of the Initial Seller or any Additional Seller (if any) pursuant to 
the relevant Master Transfer Agreement. The proceeds of any such sale shall be credited to the Transaction 
Account and applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments. In addition to the procedures

--- Page 211 ---
211 
described above (and notwithstanding anything to the contrary provided thereunder) the following provisions 
shall apply: 
(i) 
in addition to offering Selected Assets for sale to purchasers in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered 
Bonds, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may offer to sell a portfolio of Selected Assets in 
respect of all the Series of Covered Bonds or to sell all Receivables and/or Integration Assets comprised 
in the Cover Pool, in each case for the best price reasonably obtainable taking into account the market 
conditions at that time; and 
(ii) the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, instruct 
the Cover Pool Manager to use all reasonable endeavours to procure that Selected Assets are sold as 
quickly as reasonably practicable and for the best price reasonably obtainable, in each case taking into 
account the market conditions at that time. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Administration Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with it, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Quotaholders’ Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
entered into a quotaholders’ agreement (the “Quotaholders’ Agreement”) containing provisions and 
undertakings in relation to the management of the Guarantor. In addition, pursuant to the Quotaholders’ 
Agreement, SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. has granted a call option in favour of the Issuer to 
purchase from SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. and the Issuer has granted a put option in favour 
of SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. to sell to the Issuer the quota of the Guarantor quota capital 
held by SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l. 
Governing law 
The Quotaholders’ Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
On or about the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders, the Arranger and the initial Dealer entered into a programme agreement, as subsequently amended 
(the “Programme Agreement”), which contains certain arrangements under which the Covered Bonds may be 
issued and sold, from time to time, by the Issuer to any one or more Dealers. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any 
Tranche which may from time to time be agreed between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer 
and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, 
the representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given 
pursuant to the terms of the Programme Agreement. Unless otherwise agreed, neither the Issuer nor any 
Dealer(s) is, are or shall be, in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement, under any obligation 
to issue or subscribe for any Covered Bonds of any Tranche. 
Under the Programme Agreement, the initial Dealer has appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which appointment has been confirmed by the Issuer and the Guarantor.

--- Page 212 ---
212 
The Issuer and the Guarantor, as the case may be, will indemnify the Dealers for costs, liabilities, charges, 
expenses and claims incurred by or made against the Dealers arising out of, in connection with or based on, 
breach of duty or misrepresentation by the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
The Programme Agreement contains provisions relating to the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealer(s) and for the appointment of additional or other dealers acceding as new dealer: (a) generally 
in respect of the Programme; or (b) in relation to a particular issue of Covered Bonds. 
The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and market-making provisions. 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer and the Guarantor have given certain representations and 
warranties to the Dealers in relation to, inter alia, themselves and the information given by them in connection 
with this Base Prospectus. 
Governing law 
The Programme Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, is 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Subscription Agreement 
The Programme Agreement also contains the pro forma of the Subscription Agreement to be entered into in 
relation to the syndicated issue of Covered Bonds. 
On or prior to the relevant Issue Date, the Issuer and the Dealers who are parties to such Subscription Agreement 
(the “Relevant Dealers”) will enter into a subscription agreement under which the Relevant Dealers will agree 
to subscribe for the relevant tranche of Covered Bonds, subject to the conditions set out therein. 
Under the terms of the Subscription Agreement, the Relevant Dealers will confirm the appointment of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
Governing law 
The Subscription Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Italian Deed of Pledge 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor will execute an Italian deed of pledge (the “Italian Deed of 
Pledge”) pursuant to which the Guarantor will grant in favour of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
for itself and on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, concurrently with the issue 
of the Covered Bonds, (i) an Italian law pledge over all monetary claims and rights and all the amounts 
(including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits and guarantees) to which the Guarantor 
is entitled from time to time pursuant to Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements, 
the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, the 
Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement (other than the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement which are governed by 
English law), the Asset Monitor Agreement and the Quotaholders’ Agreement; and (ii) an Italian law pledge 
over the securities from time to time owned by it as a result of investing in Eligible Investments deposited, from 
time to time, in the Securities Account.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
Governing law 
The Italian Deed of Pledge, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor will execute a deed of charge (the “English Law Deed of 
Charge and Assignment”) pursuant to which the Guarantor will grant in favour of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders for itself and as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, 
inter alia, (i) an English law assignment by way of security of all the Guarantor’s rights under the Swap 
Agreements, the English-law governed provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and all 
present and future contracts, agreements, deeds and documents governed by English law to which the Guarantor 
may become a party in relation to the Covered Bonds and the Cover Pool; (ii) an English law charge over the 
Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the Collateral Accounts, any amounts standing to the credit of, 
or deposited in, such accounts and the rights and benefits arising from such accounts; and (iii) a floating charge 
over all of the Guarantor’s assets which are subject to the charge and assignments described under (i) and (ii) 
above and not effectively assigned thereunder. 
Governing law 
The English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with it, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On or about the Initial Issue Date, the Guarantor will execute a mandate agreement (the “Mandate 
Agreement”) pursuant to which the Guarantor has conferred an irrevocable mandate to the Representative of 
Covered Bondholders for the exercise of the rights of the Guarantor under certain circumstances indicated in 
the Mandate Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Swap Agreements 
Covered Bond Swaps 
The Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Covered Bond Swaps on the relevant Issue Date with 
the Covered Bond Swap Counterparties to hedge certain interest rate, basis, and/or, if applicable, currency, risks 
in respect of, after the service of a Notice to Pay, amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of such Series 
of Covered Bonds. 
Each Covered Bond Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will entitle 
either party to terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap. In particular, the respective Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the relevant 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Covered Bond Swap Counterparty to 
take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring all of its rights and 
obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an adequately rated third-
party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Covered Bond Swap), the Guarantor will be entitled to 
terminate the relevant Covered Bond Swap.

--- Page 214 ---
214 
Upon the termination of such Covered Bond Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the 
respective Covered Bond Swap. 
Mortgage Pool Swaps 
In order to hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in the Cover Pool, the 
Guarantor may, if necessary, enter into one or more Mortgage Pool Swap with the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparties. 
Any such Mortgage Pool Swap will hedge the interest rate risks relating to the Mortgage Loans comprised in 
the Cover Pool. 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap will contain certain limited termination events and events of default which will 
entitle either party to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. In particular, the respective Mortgage Pool 
Swap Counterparty will be, inter alia, required to have certain minimum ratings. Upon downgrading of the 
relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty below such ratings and failure by such Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty to take certain actions to remedy such downgrading (including, without limitation, transferring 
all of its rights and obligations to an adequately rated swap counterparty or obtaining a guarantee from an 
adequately rated third-party in relation to its obligations under the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap), the Guarantor 
will be entitled to terminate the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Upon the termination of such Mortgage Pool Swap, the Guarantor or the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap 
Counterparty may be liable to make a termination payment to the other in accordance with the provisions of the 
respective Mortgage Pool Swap. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap, which may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and (i) each Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty and (ii) each Covered Bond Swap Counterparty respectively, 
will be documented in accordance with the documentation published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association Inc. (“ISDA”) and will be subject to: 
(a) 
the 1992 ISDA Master Agreement with the Schedule thereto or the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement with 
the Schedule thereto (each an “ISDA Master Agreement”); 
(b) the 1995 ISDA Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (the “CSA”); 
and 
(c) 
the relevant Confirmation(s). 
Pursuant to the relevant CSA, if required to do so following a downgrade of the relevant Swap Counterparty or 
the downgrade of such Swap Counterparty’s credit support provider, as the case may be, and subject to the 
conditions specified in the CSA, such Swap Counterparty will make transfers of collateral (either cash or 
securities) to the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement (the “Collateral”), 
to the Collateral Account opened in respect of the relevant Swap Counterparty . 
Collateral (and all income in respect thereof) transferred to the relevant Collateral Account will only be available 
to be applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant 
Swap Counterparty in accordance with the terms of the relevant CSA. 
Any Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Counterparty directly in accordance with 
the terms of the relevant CSA and not under the Priorities of Payments.

--- Page 215 ---
215 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are 
governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 216 ---
216 
SELECTED ASPECTS OF ITALIAN LAW 
The following is a summary only of certain aspects of Italian law that are relevant to the transactions described 
in this Base Prospectus and of which prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware. It is not intended to 
be exhaustive and prospective Covered Bondholders should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Law 130 and Article 7-bis thereof. General remarks 
Law 130 (as amended from time to time) was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the 
securitisation process and to facilitate the increased use of securitisation as a financing technique in the Republic 
of Italy. 
Law Decree of 14 March 2005, No. 35, converted into law by law 14 May 2005, No. 80, added Articles 7-bis 
and 7-ter to Law 130, in view of allowing Italian banks to use the securitisation techniques introduced by Law 
130 in view of issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite). 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, certain provisions of Law 130 apply to transactions involving the true sale (by way of 
non-gratuitous assignment) of receivables or asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation 
transactions meeting certain eligibility criteria set out in Article 7-bis and in the Decree of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance No. 310 of 14 December 2006 (the “MEF Decree”), where the sale is to a special purpose 
vehicle created in accordance with Article 7-bis and all amounts paid by the debtors are to be used by the 
relevant special purpose vehicle exclusively to meet its obligations under a guarantee to be issued by it, in view 
of securing the payment obligations of the selling bank or of other banks in connection with the issue of covered 
bonds (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”). 
Pursuant to Article 7-bis, the purchase price of the assets to be comprised in the cover pool shall be financed 
through the taking of a loan granted or guaranteed by the banks selling the assets or a different bank. The 
payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under such loan shall be subordinated to the payment 
obligations of the special purpose vehicle vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the counterparties of any derivative 
contracts hedging risks in connection with the assigned receivables and securities, the counterparties of any 
other ancillary contract and counterparties having a claim in relation to any payment of other costs of the 
transaction. 
Under the BoI Regulations, the covered bonds may be issued also by banks which individually satisfy, or which 
belong to banking groups which on a consolidated basis satisfy, certain requirements related to the regulatory 
capital and the solvency ratio. Such requirements must also be complied with by banks selling the assets, where 
the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds. 
Following the issue of the MEF Decree, the Bank of Italy supervisory regulations on covered bonds were 
published on 17 May 2007, as subsequently amended on 24 March 2010 and further supplemented by Title V, 
Chapter 3 of the “Nuove Disposizioni di Vigilanza Prudenziale per le Banche” (Circolare No. 263 of 27 
December 2006), completing the relevant legal and regulatory framework and allowing for the implementation 
on the Italian market of the covered bonds, which have previously only been available under special legislation 
to specific companies. 
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of 
Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV and 
setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the 
publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
the Bank of Italy's covered bonds regulation have been included in Part III, Section 3 (Obbligazioni Bancarie

--- Page 217 ---
217 
Garantite) under the Bank of Italy's circular No 285 of 17 December 2013, containing the "Disposizioni di 
Vigilanza per le Banche", and provisions set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 
2006 have been abrogated. 
For more detailed information, see paragraph "Eligibility criteria of the claims and limits to the assignment of 
claims" below. 
The Special Purpose Vehicle 
On 8 May 2015, the Ministerial Decree No. 53/2015 (the “Decree 53/2015”) issued by the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance has been published in the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy. The Decree 53/2015 came into 
force on 23 May 2015, repealing the Decree No. 29/2009. Pursuant to Article 7 of the Decree 53/2015, the 
assignee companies which guarantee covered bonds, belonging to a banking group as defined by Article 60 of 
the Banking Act (such as Estense Covered Bond S.r.l.), will no longer have to be registered in the general 
register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 106 of the Banking Act. 
Eligibility criteria of the claims and limits to the assignment of claims 
Under the MEF Decree, the following assets, inter alia, may be assigned to the special purpose vehicle, together 
with any ancillary contracts aimed at hedging the financial risks embedded in the relevant assets: (a) Italian 
residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) and Italian commercial mortgage loans (mutui 
ipotecari commerciali) pursuant to Article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) and (b) of the MEF Decree; (b) loans extended 
to, or guaranteed by, the following entities, and securities issued or guaranteed by the same entities: (i) public 
administrations of States comprised in the European Economic Space and the Swiss Confederation (the 
“Admitted States”), including therein any Ministries, municipalities (enti pubblici territoriali), national or 
local entities and other public bodies, which attract a risk weighting factor not exceeding 20 per cent. under the 
“Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; (ii) public administrations of States other than Admitted 
States which attract a risk weighting factor equal to zero per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit 
risk measurement, municipalities and national or local public bodies not carrying out economic activities 
(organismi pubblici non economici) of States other than Admitted States which attract a risk weight factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement. Such receivables and 
securities may not exceed 10 per cent. of the nominal value of the assets held by the special purpose vehicle; 
(c) asset backed securities issued in the context of securitisation transactions, meeting the following criteria: (i) 
the relevant securitised receivables comprise, for an amount equal at least to 95 per cent., loans and securities 
referred to in (a) and (b) above; (ii) the relevant asset backed securities attract a risk weighting factor not 
exceeding 20 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement. 
For the purpose above, the relevant provisions define a guarantee “valid for purposes for the credit risk 
mitigation” as a guarantee eligible for the “credit risk mitigation”, in accordance with Directive 2006/48/EC of 
14 June 2006 (the “Restated Banking Directive”). Similarly, the “Standardised Approach” shall be the 
standardised approach to credit risk measurement as defined by the Restated Banking Directive. 
The BoI Regulations provides that covered bonds may be issued by banks which satisfy, on a consolidated 
basis, the following requirements: 
(i) 
own funds (fondi propri) at least equal to € 250,000,000; and 
(ii) total capital ratio at least equal to 9 per cent. 
The above mentioned requirements must be complied with, as of the date of the assignment, also by the banks 
selling the assets, where the latter are different from the bank issuing the covered bonds and do not fall within 
the same banking group.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
If the bank selling the assets does not belong to a banking group, the above mentioned requirements relate to 
the individual regulatory capital and/or overall capital ratio. 
Banks not complying with the above mentioned requirements may set up covered bond programmes only with 
prior notice to the Bank of Italy, which may start an administrative process to assess the compliance with the 
required requirements. 
The BoI Regulations set out certain limits to the possibility for banks to assign eligible assets, which are based 
on the level of the consolidated “tier 1 ratio” (“T1”) and the “common equity tier 1 ratio” (the “CET1”), in 
accordance with the following grid, contained in the BoI Regulations: 
Capital adequacy condition 
 
Limits to the assignment 
Group “A” 
T1 ≥ 9 per cent. and CET1 ≥ 8 
per cent. 
No limits 
Group “B” 
T1 ≥ 8 per cent. and CET1 ≥ 7 
per cent. 
Assignment allowed up to 60 per 
cent. of the eligible assets 
Group “C” 
T1 ≥ 7 per cent. e CET1 ≥ 6 per 
cent. 
Assignment allowed up to 25 per 
cent. of the eligible assets 
 
The relevant T1 and CET1 set out in the grid relate to the aggregate of the covered bonds transactions launched 
by the relevant banking group or individual bank, as the case may be. If foreign entities belonging to the banking 
group of the bank selling the assets have issued covered bonds in accordance with their relevant jurisdiction 
and have therefore segregated part of their assets to guarantee the relevant issuances, the limits set out above 
shall be applied to the eligible assets held by the Italian companies being part of the assigning bank's banking 
group. 
In addition to the above, certain further amendments have been introduced in respect of the monitoring activities 
to be performed by the asset monitor. 
The Limits to the Assignment do not apply to Integration (as defined below) of the portfolio, provided that 
Integration is allowed exclusively within the limits set out by the BoI Regulations. 
Ring Fencing of the Assets 
Under the terms of Article 3 of Law 130, the assets relating to each transaction, the relevant collections and the 
financial assets purchased using the collections arising from the relevant receivables will by operation of law 
be segregated for all purposes from all other assets of the special purpose vehicle and from those relating to the 
other Law 130 transactions carried out by the same special purpose vehicle. On a winding-up of such a special 
purpose vehicle, such assets will only be available to holders of the covered bonds in respect of which the 
special purpose vehicle has issued a guarantee and to the other Secured Creditors. In addition, the assets relating 
to a particular transaction will not be available to the holders of covered bonds issued under any other covered 
bonds transaction or to general creditors of the special purpose vehicle. 
Law 130 provides, inter alia, that the bank accounts used in the context of securitisation or covered bonds 
transactions are not subject to actions or claims by parties other than the holders of the securities of the specific 
transaction and that the possible commencement of insolvency proceedings against the depositary does not give 
rise to the suspension of payments on the sums standing to the credit of the accounts opened with the same 
depositary, even in connection with sums that are deposited in such accounts over the course of the insolvency 
proceedings. Indeed, the Law Decree 91 provides that such sums are immediately available, without any need

--- Page 219 ---
219 
for specific requests or claims (domanda di ammissione al passivo o di rivendica) in the context of the 
insolvency proceedings and outside of the applicable insolvency distributions (fuori dei piani di riparto o di 
restituzione di somme). 
However, under Italian law, any other creditor of the special purpose vehicle which is not a party of the 
transaction documents would be able to commence insolvency or winding-up proceedings against the company 
in respect of any unpaid debt. 
The Assignment 
The assignment of the receivables under Law 130 will be governed by Article 58 paragraphs 2, 3 and 4, of the 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the “Banking Act”). The prevailing interpretation of this 
provision, which view has been strengthened by Article 4 of Law 130, is that the assignment can be perfected 
against the originator, assigned debtors and third party creditors by way of publication of a notice in the Italian 
Official Gazette and by way of registration of such notice in the register of enterprises (registro delle imprese) 
at which the purchaser is registered, so avoiding the need for notification to be served on each debtor. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, the assignment becomes enforceable against: 
(a) 
the debtors and any creditors of the originator who have not, prior to the date of publication of the notice, 
commenced enforcement proceedings in respect of the relevant receivables; 
(b) 
the liquidator or any other bankruptcy officials of the debtors (so that any payments made by a debtor to 
the special purpose vehicle may not be subject to any claw-back action according to Article 67 of Royal 
Decree no. 267 of 16 March 1942 (Legge Fallimentare), the “Bankruptcy Law”); and 
(c) 
other permitted assignees of the originator who have not perfected their assignment prior to the date of 
publication. 
Upon the completion of the formalities referred to above, the benefit of any privilege, guarantee or security 
interest guaranteeing or securing repayment of the assigned receivables will automatically be transferred to and 
perfected with the same priority in favour of the purchaser, without the need for any formality or annotation. 
As from the latest to occur between the date of publication of the notice of the assignment in the Italian Official 
Gazette and the date of registration of such notice with the Register of Enterprises at which the purchaser is 
registered, no legal action may be brought against the receivables assigned or the sums derived therefrom other 
than for the purposes of enforcing the rights of the holders of the covered bonds and other creditors for costs 
incurred in the framework of the transaction. 
Notice of the initial assignment of the Initial Receivables pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement 
was published in the Italian Official Gazette and was filed with the relevant Register of Enterprises. 
However, Article 7-bis, para. 4, also provides that, where the role of servicer (soggetto incaricato della 
riscossione dei crediti) is attributed, in the context of covered bonds transaction, to an entity other than the 
assigning bank (whether from the outset or eventually), notice of such circumstance shall be given by way of 
publication in the Italian Official Gazette and registered mail with return receipt to the relevant public 
administrations.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
Assignments under Law 130 
Assignments executed under Law 130 are subject to revocation on bankruptcy under Article 67 of the 
Bankruptcy Law, but only in the event that the transaction is entered into within three months of the adjudication 
of bankruptcy of the relevant party or in cases where paragraph 1 of Article 67 applies, within six months of the 
adjudication of bankruptcy. 
The subordinated loans to be granted to the special purpose vehicle and the Covered Bond Guarantee are subject 
to the provisions of Article 67, paragraph 4, of the Bankruptcy Law, pursuant to which the provisions of Article 
67 relating to the claw-back of for-consideration transactions, payments and guarantees do not apply to certain 
transactions. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the special purpose vehicle may not be 
subject to any claw back action according to Article 65 and 67 of the Bankruptcy Law. 
Tests set out in the MEF Decree 
Pursuant to Article 3 of the MEF Decree, the issuing bank and the assigning bank (to the extent different from 
the issuer) will have to ensure that, on a continuing basis, the following mandatory tests are complied with: 
(a) 
the nominal amount of the cover pool shall be equal to, or greater than, the aggregate nominal amount 
of the outstanding covered bonds; 
(b) 
the net present value of the cover pool, net of the transaction costs to be borne by the special purpose 
vehicle, including therein the expected costs and the costs of any hedging arrangement entered into in 
relation to the transaction, shall be equal to, or greater than, the net present value of the outstanding 
covered bonds; and 
(c) 
the amount of interests and other revenues generated by the cover pool, net of the costs borne by the 
special purpose vehicle, shall be equal to, or greater than, the interests and costs due by the issuer under 
the outstanding covered bonds, also taking into account any hedging arrangements entered into in 
relation to the transaction. 
For the purpose of ensuring compliance with the tests described above and pursuant to Article 2 of the MEF 
Decree, the following assets (the “Integration Assets”) may be used for the purpose of integration of the 
portfolio, in addition to eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations: 
(i) 
the establishment of deposits with banks incorporated in Admitted States or in a State which attract a 
risk weight factor equal to 0 per cent. under the “Standardised Approach” to credit risk measurement; 
and 
(ii) 
the assignment of securities issued by the banks referred to under paragraph (i) above, having a residual 
maturity not exceeding one year. 
Integration Assets 
Integration through Integration Assets shall be allowed within the Integration Assets Limit. 
In addition, pursuant to Article 7-bis and the MEF Decree, integration of the cover pool – whether through 
eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations or through integration assets – (the “Integration”) shall be 
carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the BoI Regulations.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
More specifically, under the BoI Regulations, the Integration is allowed exclusively for the purpose of: (a) 
complying with the tests provided for by the MEF Decree; (b) complying with any contractual 
overcollateralisation requirements agreed by the parties to the relevant agreements; or (c) complying with the 
15 per cent. maximum amount of Integration Assets within the portfolio. 
The Integration is not allowed in circumstances other than as set out in the BoI Regulations. 
The features of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
According to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be limited recourse to the 
portfolio of assets comprised in the cover pool, irrevocable, callable on demand, unconditional and independent 
from the obligations assumed by the issuer under the covered bonds. Accordingly, such obligations shall be a 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligation of the special purpose vehicle, limited recourse to the assets 
comprised in the cover pool, irrespective of any invalidity, irregularity or unenforceability of any of the 
guaranteed obligations of the issuer. 
In order to ensure the autonomous and independent nature of the Covered Bond Guarantee, Article 4 provides 
that the following provisions of the Italian civil code, generally applicable to personal guarantees (fideiussioni), 
shall not apply: (a) Article 1939, providing that a fideiussione shall not generally be valid where the guaranteed 
obligation is not valid; (b) Article 1941, para. 1, providing that a fideiussione cannot exceed the amounts due 
by the guaranteed debtor, nor can it be granted for conditions more onerous than those pertaining to the main 
obligation; (c) Article 1944, para. 2, providing, inter alia, that the parties to the contract pursuant to which the 
fideiussione is issued may agree that the guarantor shall not be obliged to pay before the attachment is carried 
out against the guaranteed debtor; (d) Article 1945, providing that the guarantor can raise against the creditor 
any objections (eccezioni) which the guaranteed debtor is entitled to raise, except for the objection relating to 
the lack of legal capacity on the part of the guaranteed debtor; (e) Article 1955, providing that a fideiussione 
shall become ineffective (estinta) where, as a consequence of acts of the creditor, the guarantor is prevented 
from subrogating into any rights, pledges, mortgages, and liens (privilegi) of the creditor; (f) Article 1956, 
providing that the guarantor of future receivables shall not be liable where the creditor – without the 
authorisation of the guarantor – has extended credit to a third party, while being aware that the economic 
conditions of the principal obligor were such that recovering the receivable would have become significantly 
more difficult; and (g) Article 1957, providing, inter alia, that the guarantor will be liable also after the 
guaranteed obligation has become due and payable, provided that the creditor has filed its claim against the 
guaranteed debtor within six months and has diligently pursued them. 
The obligations of the special purpose vehicle following a liquidation of the issuer 
The MEF Decree also set out certain principles which are aimed at ensuring that the payment obligations of the 
special purpose vehicle are isolated from those of the issuer. To that effect, it requires that the Covered Bond 
Guarantee contains provisions stating that the relevant obligations thereunder shall not accelerate upon the 
issuer’s default, so that the payment profile of the covered bonds shall not automatically be affected thereby. 
More specifically, Article 4 of the MEF Decree provides that, in the event of breach by the issuer of its 
obligations vis-à-vis the covered bondholders, the special purpose vehicle shall assume the obligations of the 
issuer – within the limits of the cover pool – in accordance with the terms and conditions originally set out for 
the covered bonds. The same provision applies where the issuer is subject to mandatory liquidation procedures 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
In addition, the acceleration (decadenza dal beneficio del termine) provided for by Article 1186 of the Italian 
civil code and affecting the issuer shall not affect the payment obligations of the special purpose vehicle under

--- Page 222 ---
222 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. Pursuant to Article 4 of the MEF Decree, the limitation in the application of 
Article 1186 of the Italian civil code shall apply not only to the events expressly mentioned therein, but also to 
any additional event of acceleration provided for in the relevant contractual arrangements. 
In accordance with Article 4, para. 3, of the MEF Decree, in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa of the 
issuer, the special purpose vehicle shall exercise the rights of the covered bondholders vis-à-vis the issuer in 
accordance with the legal regime applicable to the issuer. Any amount recovered by the special purpose vehicle 
as a result of the exercise of such rights shall be deemed to be included in the cover pool. 
The Bank of Italy shall supervise on the compliance with the aforesaid provisions, within the limits of the 
powers vested with the Bank of Italy by the Banking Act. 
Controls over the transaction 
The BoI Regulations lay down rules on controls over transactions involving the issuance of covered bonds. 
Inter alia, in order to provide support to the resolutions passed on the assignment of portfolios to the special 
purpose vehicle, both in the initial phase of transactions and in later phases, the assigning bank shall request to 
an auditing firm a confirmation (relazione di stima) stating that, on the basis of the activities carried out by that 
auditing firm, there are no reasons to believe that the appraisal criteria utilised in order to determine the purchase 
price of the assigned assets are not in line with the criteria which the assigning bank must apply when preparing 
its financial statements. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if the assignment is made at the book 
value, as recorded in the latest approved financial statements of the assigning bank, on which the auditors have 
issued a clean opinion. The above mentioned confirmation is not required if any difference between the book 
value and the purchase price of the relevant assets is exclusively due to standard financial fluctuations of the 
relevant assets and is not in any way related to reductions in the qualitative aspects of those assets and/or the 
credit risk related to the relevant debtors. 
The management body of the issuing banks must ensure that the structures delegated to the risk management 
verify at least every six months and for each transaction, inter alia: 
(a) 
the quality and integrity of the assets sold to the special purpose vehicle securing the obligations 
undertaken by the latter; 
(b) 
compliance with the maximum ratio between covered bonds issued and the assets sold to the special 
purpose vehicle for purposes of backing the issue, in accordance with the MEF Decree; 
(c) 
compliance with the Limits to the Assignment and the rules on, and Limits to, the Integration set out by 
the BoI Regulations;  
(d) 
the effectiveness and adequacy of the coverage of risks provided under derivative agreements entered 
into in connection with the transaction; and 
(e) 
the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the information provided to investors pursuant 
to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR. 
The bodies with management responsibilities of issuing banks and banking groups ensure that an assessment is 
carried out of the legal aspects of the activity on the basis of specially issued legal opinions setting out an in-
depth analysis of the contractual structures and schemes adopted, with a particular focus on, inter alia, the 
characteristics of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
The BoI Regulations also contain certain provisions on the asset monitor, who is delegated to carry out controls 
over the regularity of the transaction (including the completeness, truthfulness and the timely delivery of the 
information provided to investors pursuant to article 129, paragraph 7, of CRR) and the integrity of the special

--- Page 223 ---
223 
purpose vehicle (the “Asset Monitor”). Pursuant to the BoI Regulations, the Asset Monitor shall be an auditing 
firm having professional experience which is adequate in relation to the tasks entrusted with the same and 
independent from: (a) the audit firm entrusted with the auditing of the issuing bank; (b) the bank which is 
granting the relevant mandate; and (c) the other entities which take part to the transaction. 
Based upon controls carried out and assessments on the performance of transactions, the Asset Monitor shall 
prepare annual reports, to be addressed, inter alia, to the control body of the bank which granted the mandate 
to the Asset Monitor. The BoI Regulations cite the provisions (art. 52 and 61, para 5, of the Banking Act), which 
impose on persons responsible for conducting controls specific obligations to report to the Bank of Italy. Such 
reference appears to be aimed at ensuring that any irregularities found are reported to the Bank of Italy. 
In order to ensure that the special purpose vehicle can fulfil, in an orderly and timely manner, the obligations 
arising under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the issuing banks shall use asset and liability management 
techniques for purposes of assuring, including by way of specific controls at least every six months, stability 
between the payment dates of the cash flows generated under the assets assigned to the special purpose vehicle, 
and included in the latter’s segregated portfolio, and the payments dates with respect to payments due by the 
issuing bank in connection with the covered bonds issued and other transaction costs. 
Finally, in relation to the information flows, the parties to the covered bond transactions shall assume contractual 
undertakings allowing the issuing and the assigning bank (and the third party servicer, if any) to hold the 
information on the assigned assets (including the status thereof) which are necessary for the carrying of the 
controls described in the BoI Regulations and for the compliance with the supervisory reporting obligations, 
including therein the obligations arising in connection with the membership to the central credit register 
(Centrale dei Rischi). 
Insolvency proceedings 
Insolvency proceedings (procedure concorsuali) conducted under Italian law may take the form of, inter alia, 
an involuntary liquidation (fallimento) or creditors’ agreements (concordato preventivo and accordi di 
ristrutturazione dei debiti). Insolvency proceedings are only applicable to businesses (imprese) either run by 
companies, partnerships or by individuals. An individual who is not a sole entrepreneur or an unlimited partner 
in a partnership is not subject to insolvency. 
A debtor can be declared bankrupt (fallito) and subject to fallimento (at its own initiative, or at the initiative of 
any of its creditors or the public prosecutor) if it is not able to fulfil its obligations in a timely manner. The 
debtor loses control over all its assets and of the management of its business, which is taken over by a court 
appointed receiver (curatore fallimentare). Once judgment has been made by the court and the creditors’ claims 
have been approved, the sale of the debtor’s property is conducted in accordance with a liquidation plan 
(approved by the delegated judge and the creditors’ committee) which may provide for the dismissal of the 
whole business or single business units, even through competitive procedures. 
A qualifying insolvent debtor may avoid being subject to fallimento by proposing to its creditors a composition 
with creditors (concordato preventivo). Such proposal must contain, inter alia: (a) an updated statement of the 
financial and economic situation of the insolvent company; (b) a detailed list of the creditors and their respective 
credit rights and related security interest; (c) a list of creditors secured by assets of the company or having 
possession of assets owned by the company; (d) detailed evaluation of the assets of the insolvent company; and 
(e) a restructuring plan. The offer may be structured as an offer to transfer all assets of the insolvent debtor to 
the creditors or an offer to undertake other restructuring plans such as, inter alia, the allocation to the creditors 
of shares, quotas, and other debt instruments of the company. The truthfulness of the business data provided by 
the company and the feasibility of the proposal must be attested by an expert’s report. A qualifying insolvent 
debtor may also enter into a debt restructuring agreement (accordo di ristrutturazione dei debiti) with such

--- Page 224 ---
224 
creditors representing at least 60 per cent of its debts . A report of an expert certifying the truthfulness of the 
business data provided by the qualifying insolvent debtor and the feasibility of the settlement shall be attached 
to the debt restructuring agreement (accordo di ristrutturazione dei debiti) and the latter shall have to be 
approved by the Court. The Legislative Decree no. 83 of 27 June 2015, amending the Bankruptcy Law, also 
provided special rules for debt restructuring agreements with banks and financial intermediaries. 
The composition with creditors (concordato preventivo) may, subject to certain conditions, be proposed by the 
qualifying insolvent debtor also as a “blank proposal” (concordato in bianco). In this case, the debtor (which 
has to include the last three financial statements and a detailed list of the creditors and their respective credit 
rights) demands the competent Court to set a term comprised between 60 and 120 days (or maximum 60 days, 
in case of a pending demand for insolvency (fallimento)), with the possibility to obtain, in case of grounded 
reasons, additional 60 days for the submission of either (i) a proposal for a composition with creditors 
(concordato preventivo), or (ii) a proposal for a debt restructuring agreement (accordo di ristrutturazione dei 
debiti). The competent Court, in setting such term (i) may appoint a judicial commissioner to overseeing the 
procedure and (ii) set out periodic information duties (including as to the financial situation and as to the activity 
performed for the preparation of the relevant plan) to be carried out by the qualifying insolvent debtor. 
Following the amendments introduced by the Legislative Decree no. 83 of 27 June 2015, a different composition 
proposal (proposta concorrente) may be filed by creditors of the debtor representing at least 10 per cent. of the 
receivables resulting from the report on its financial situation filed pursuant to article 161, section 1, letter a), 
of the Bankruptcy Law, including the receivables acquired after the petition of the debtor and excluding the 
receivables of the debtor’s parent company, the debtor’s subsidiaries and the other of the debtor’s parent 
company. The proposta concorrente will be admissible only if the debtor’s composition proposal does not 
guarantee the payment of at least 40 per cent. of the unsecured receivables. 
After insolvency proceedings are commenced, no legal action can be taken against the debtor and no foreclosure 
proceedings may be initiated. Moreover, all actions taken and proceedings already initiated by creditors are 
automatically stayed but for few exceptions provided under applicable laws. 
Law No. 3 of 27 January 2012, as amended, provides that consumers and other entities which cannot be subject 
to insolvency proceedings may benefit from special proceedings for the restructuring of their debts. Law No. 3 
of 27 January 2012 provides that such persons may file a recovery plan for the restructuring of their debts with 
a special authority and with the competent court and that in the case of approval of the plan, it will become 
binding on all the creditors of such persons. 
Pursuant to the principles set out in Law No. 155/2017, it has been enacted Legislative Decree no. 14/2019 
(hereinafter the “Code”) which sets out, inter alia, an overall reform of the Bankruptcy Law.  
Except for certain provisions which are applicable starting from 16 March 2019 (including, inter alia, with 
reference to certain organizational duties for Italian corporates), further to the approval of Law Decree 23 of 8 
April 2020, the Code (as eventually amended pursuant to any new piece of legislation, taking also into 
consideration the provisions of Directive 2019/1023/EU) will apply to turnaround and insolvency proceedings 
started after 1 September 2021. 
Description of Amministrazione Straordinaria delle Banche 
A bank may be submitted to the amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche where: (a) serious administrative 
irregularities, or serious violations of the provisions governing the bank’s activity provided for by laws, 
regulations or the bank’s by-laws activity are found; (b) serious capital losses are expected to occur; (c) the 
dissolution has been the object of a request by the administrative bodies or an extraordinary company meeting 
providing the reasons for the request.

--- Page 225 ---
225 
According to the Banking Act, the procedure is initiated by decree of the Minister of Economy and Finance, 
acting on a proposal by the Bank of Italy, which shall terminate the board of directors and the board of auditors 
of the bank. Subsequently, the Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or more special administrators (commissari 
straordinari); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five members (comitato di 
sorveglianza). The commissari straordinari is entrusted with the duty to assess the situation of the bank, remove 
the irregularities which may have been found and promote solutions in the best interest of the depositors of the 
bank. The comitato di sorveglianza exercises auditing functions and provides to the commissari straordinari 
the opinions requested by the law or by the Bank of Italy. However, it should be noted that the Bank of Italy 
may instruct in a binding manner the commissari straordinari and the comitato di sorveglianza providing 
specific safeguards and limits concerning the management of the bank. 
In exceptional circumstances, the commissari straordinari, in order to protect the interests of the creditors, in 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to an authorisation by the Bank of Italy, may suspend 
payment of the bank’s liabilities and the restitution to customers of financial instruments. Payments may be 
suspended for a period of up to one month, which may be extended for an additional two months. 
The amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche shall last for one year from the date of issue of the decree of 
the Minister of the Economy and Finance. If the circumstances for the activation of the procedure remain, it 
may be extended for one or more period of one year and the decision is published in the Italian Official Gazette. 
At the end of the procedure, the commissari straordinari shall undertake the necessary steps for the appointment 
of the bodies governing the bank in the ordinary course of business. After the appointment, the management 
and audit functions shall be transferred to the newly appointed bodies. It should, however, be noted that, should 
at the end of the procedure or at any earlier time the conditions for the declaration of the liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa (described in the following section) be met, the bank may be subject to such procedure. 
Description of Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa delle Banche 
According to the Banking Act, when the conditions for the Amministrazione Straordinaria delle banche and 
described in the preceding paragraph are exceptionally serious (di eccezionale gravità), or when a court has 
declared the state of insolvency of the bank, the Minister of economy and finance, acting on a proposal from 
the Bank of Italy, by virtue of a decree, may revoke the authorisation for the carrying out of banking activities 
and submit the bank to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa). 
From the date of issue of the decree, the functions of the administrative and control bodies, of the shareholders’ 
meetings and of every other governing body of the bank shall cease. The Bank of Italy shall appoint: (a) one or 
more liquidators (commissari liquidatori); and (b) an oversight committee composed of between three and five 
members (comitato di sorveglianza). 
From the date the commissari liquidatori and the comitato di sorveglianza have assumed their functions and, 
in any case, from the sixth business day following the date of issue of the aforesaid decree of the Minister of 
Economy and Finance, the payment of any liabilities and the restitution of assets owned by third parties shall 
be suspended. 
The commissari liquidatori shall act as legal representatives of the bank, exercise all actions that pertain to the 
bank and carry out all transactions concerning the liquidation of the bank’s assets. The comitato di sorveglianza 
shall: (a) assist the commissari liquidatori in exercising their functions; (b) control the activities carried out by 
commissari liquidatori; and (c) provide to the commissari straordinari the opinions requested by the law or by 
the Bank of Italy. The Bank of Italy may issue directives concerning the implementation of the procedure and 
establish that some categories of operations and actions shall be subject to its authorisation and to preliminary 
consultation with the comitato di sorveglianza.

--- Page 226 ---
226 
The Banking Act regulates the procedure for the assessment of the bank’s liabilities (accertamento del passivo) 
and the procedures which allow creditors whose claims have been excluded from the list of liabilities (stato 
passivo) to challenge the list of liabilities. 
The liquidators, with the favourable opinion of the comitato di sorveglianza and subject to authorisation by the 
Bank of Italy, may assign assets and liabilities, going concerns, assets and legal relationships identifiable en 
bloc. Such assets may be assigned at any stage of the procedure, even before the stato passivo has been 
deposited. The assignor shall, however, be liable exclusively for the liabilities included in the stato passivo. 
Subject to prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy and for the purpose of maximising profits deriving from the 
liquidation of the assets, the commissari liquidatori may continue the banks’ activity, or of specific going 
concerns of the bank, in compliance with any indications provided for by the comitato di sorveglianza. In such 
case, the provision of the Bankruptcy Law concerning the termination of legal relationships shall not apply. 
Once the assets have been realised and before the final allotment to the creditors or to the last restitution to 
customers, the commissari liquidatori shall present to the Bank of Italy the closing statement of accounts of the 
liquidation, the financial statement and the allotment plan, accompanied by their own report and a report by the 
oversight committee.

--- Page 227 ---
227 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions” and, each of them, a “Condition”) that, 
subject to completion in accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the 
Covered Bonds. For the avoidance of doubt, the Conditions do not apply to the Registered Covered Bonds. In 
these Conditions, references to the “holder” of Covered Bonds and to the “Covered Bondholders” are to the 
ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds, dematerialised and evidenced by book entries with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with the provisions of (i) Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 as subsequently amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the “Financial Law”) and implementing regulations and (ii) the joint 
regulation of CONSOB and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018  and published in the Official Gazette No. 
201 of 30 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In relation to Registered Covered Bonds, the terms and conditions of such Series of Registered Covered Bonds 
will be as set out in the Registered Covered Bond and the Registered CB Conditions, together with the 
Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bond. Any reference to a “Registered CB 
Condition” other than in this section shall be deemed to be, as applicable, a reference to the relevant provision 
of the Registered Covered Bond, or the Registered CB Conditions attached as a schedule thereto or the 
provisions of the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating to such Registered Covered Bonds. 
Any reference to the Conditions or a Condition shall be referred to the Conditions and/or the Registered CB 
Conditions as the context may require. Any reference to the Covered Bondholders shall be referred to the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and/or the registered holder for the time being of a Registered Covered Bond as the 
context may require. 
Any reference to the Covered Bonds will be construed as to including the Covered Bonds issued under the 
Conditions and/or the Registered Covered Bonds as the context may require. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) (the 
“Issuer” or “BPER”) has established a covered bond programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance 
of up to Euro 7,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of covered bonds (the “Covered Bonds”) 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. (the “Guarantor”). Covered 
Bonds are issued pursuant to Article 7-bis of law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time ( the “Law 130”), the Decree of the Ministry of the Economy and 
Finance of 14 December 2006 No. 310, as amended and supplemented from time to time (the “MEF 
Decree”) and the Supervisory Instructions of the Bank of Italy set out in Part III, Chapter 3 of the 
“Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), as replaced, 
amended and supplemented from time to time (the “BoI Regulations” and, together with Law 130 and 
the MEF Decree, the “OBG Regulations”). 
(b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may comprise one or more tranches, 
whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the Interest Commencement Date and 
their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to be consolidated and have the same 
Series number (each a “Tranche”) of Covered Bonds. As used in these Conditions, reference to a 
Tranche is a reference to Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the “Final Terms”) which complete these Conditions. The terms

--- Page 228 ---
228 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Covered Bond benefits of a guarantee issued by the Guarantor (the “Covered Bond Guarantee”) 
for the purpose of guaranteeing the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all 
Series issued under the Programme. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool 
constituted by certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Transfer 
Agreements (as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the OBG Regulations. The 
obligations of the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be 
limited recourse to the assets from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool (as defined below). 
Payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be made subject to, and in 
accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments (as defined below). 
(d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreements 
In respect of each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme agreement (the “Programme 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the dealer(s) named therein (the “Dealers”), as 
supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into between the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) on or around the date of the relevant Final Terms in respect of the relevant 
Tranche (each a “Subscription Agreement”). In accordance with the Programme Agreement, the 
Relevant Dealer(s) has appointed or will appoint Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such capacity, the “Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders”), as described in Condition 12 (Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
(e) 
The Covered Bonds 
In these Conditions, references to “Covered Bonds” are to Covered Bonds of a Series subject to the 
relevant Final Terms and references to “each Series of Covered Bonds” are to (i) Covered Bonds of 
Series subject to the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other Series of Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds or Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Where the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date applies to a Series of 
Covered Bonds, those Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the period 
from the Issue Date to and including the Maturity Date, and Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms in respect of the 
period from the Maturity Date up to and including the Extended Maturity Date, subject as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
The Covered Bonds may be scheduled to be redeemed at par on the Maturity Date or redeemable in two 
or more instalments if they are specified as Instalment Covered Bonds, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
(f) 
Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders

--- Page 229 ---
229 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by and shall have the benefit of 
the terms of the rules of the organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Rules of the Organisation 
of the Covered Bondholders”) which constitute an integral and essential part of these Conditions. The 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached hereto as a schedule. The rights and 
powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Covered Bondholders may be 
exercised only in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. References 
in these Conditions to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders include such rules as 
from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any agreement or 
other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
(g) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents (as defined below) 
and are subject to their detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound 
by and are deemed to have notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents applicable to them. 
In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding one or more Covered Bonds, recognises 
the Representative of the Noteholders as its representative, acting in its name and on its behalf, and 
agrees to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is a party as if such Covered Bondholder was itself a signatory thereto. Copies of 
the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by Covered Bondholders during normal business 
hours at the registered office of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from time to time and, 
where applicable, at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents. 
1 
Interpretation 
(i) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Acceleration Notice” means the notice served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on 
the Guarantor in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement, upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
“Account Banks” means the Italian Account Bank and the English Account Bank. 
“Accounts” means, collectively, the Italian Accounts and the English Accounts and “Account” means 
any one of them. 
“Accumulation Date” means, following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the earlier of (i) each 
date on which the amount of the moneys at any time available to the Guarantor or to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders for the payments to be made in accordance with the Post-Guarantor Event 
of Default Priority of Payments shall be equal at least to 2 per cent. of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of all Series of Covered Bonds, (ii) each day falling 10 Business Days before the day 
that, but for the service of an Acceleration Notice, would have been a Guarantor Payment Date and (iii) 
each Business Day designated as such by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders.  
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 230 ---
230 
“Additional Master Transfer Agreement” means each master transfer agreement between the 
Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and 
conditions as the BPER Master Transfer Agreement.  
“Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means each warranty and indemnity agreement 
between the Guarantor and an Additional Seller providing for, mutatis mutandis, substantially the same 
terms and conditions as the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Additional Seller” means any entity, other than the Initial Seller, which is or will be part of the Gruppo 
Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna that will accede to the Programme and sell Subsequent 
Receivables and/or Integration Assets (other than Eligible Deposits) to the Guarantor. 
“Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement” means each subordinated loan agreement entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Additional Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider providing for, 
mutatis mutandis, substantially the same terms and conditions as the BPER Subordinated Loan 
Agreement.  
“Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount” means the amount calculated pursuant to the formula set out in 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may 
be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate 
or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no such 
recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate); 
(b) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner), is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard 
for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate 
has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or (if the 
Issuer determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged);  
(c) 
the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) in 
accordance with Condition 5(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) is customary in market usage in 
the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test” means the test intended to ensure that, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of a Notice to Pay (but prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice following 
the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default), on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly Calculation 
Date and/or on each other day on which the Amortisation Test is to be carried out pursuant to the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as the

--- Page 231 ---
231 
case may be, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is equal to or higher than the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement.  
“Article 74 Event Cure Notice” means a notice delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (having received, if it deems appropriate, and being entitled to rely on, prior confirmation 
of such cure event having occurred from competent professionals) to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured. 
“Asset Coverage Test” means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement in order to ensure that, on the relevant Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on each other day on which the Asset Coverage Test is to be carried out pursuant 
to the provisions of the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, as 
the case may be, the Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount is at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds. 
“Asset Monitor” means PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Asset Monitor Agreement” means the Asset Monitor agreement entered into on or about the Initial 
Issue Date among, inter alios, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Issuer. 
“Available Funds” means (a) the Interest Available Funds, (b) the Principal Available Funds and (c) the 
Excess Proceeds. 
“Banking Act” means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended and supplemented. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(a) 
the Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or ceasing to 
exist; or 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Reference Rate that it will, by a specified date 
within the following six months, cease publishing the Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
(in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate, that the Reference 
Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six months, be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate as a consequence 
of which the Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either generally, or in respect of 
the Covered Bonds, in each case within the following six months; or 
(e) 
it has become unlawful for, the Principal Paying Agent, any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Issuer or other party to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholders 
using the Reference Rate. 
“BPER Master Transfer Agreement” means the master transfer agreement entered into on 2 November 
2011, as subsequently amended, between BPER as the Initial Seller and the Guarantor.

--- Page 232 ---
232 
“BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement” means the subordinated loan agreement entered into on 2 
November 2011, as subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and BPER as Subordinated Loan 
Provider. 
“BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement” means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered 
into on 2 November 2011, as subsequently amended, between the BPER as Initial Seller and the 
Guarantor. 
“Breach of Tests Notice” means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor in accordance with the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
“Broken Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms.  
“Business Day” means a day on which banks are generally open for business in London, Milan and 
Luxembourg and on which the Target System (or any successor thereto) is open. 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given to such term in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in 
relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred, provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any such 
date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such date 
will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next 
calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; 
and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 233 ---
233 
(v) 
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention. 
“Calculation Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna 
Società Cooperativa), acting as such pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Calculation Date” means the 13th day of January, April, July and October or, if that day is not a 
Business Day, the immediate following Business Day. The first Calculation Date will fall on 13 April 
2012. 
“Calculation Period” means each Collection Period and, after the delivery of a Test Performance Report 
assessing that a breach of Test has occurred and is outstanding, each period beginning on (and including) 
the first day of a calendar month and ending on (and including) the last day of the same calendar month 
until such time the relevant breach of Test has been cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement.  
“Call Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Cash Management and Agency Agreement” means the cash management and agency agreement 
entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Italian Account 
Bank, the English Account Bank, the Cash Manager, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Investment Agent, the Italian Paying Agent, 
the Principal Paying Agent and the Servicer. 
“Cash Manager” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan branch. 
“CB Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) a CB Payment Date (or, in case 
of the first CB Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on (but excluding) the next 
CB Payment Date (or, in case of the last CB Interest Period, the Maturity Date). 
“CB Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first CB Payment 
Date) or the previous CB Payment Date (in any other case). 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, Luxembourg. 
“Collateral” means (i) prior to the occurrence of an Early Termination Date (as defined in the relevant 
Swap Agreement) for the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable), the 
amount and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the account into which the collateral posted 
pursuant to the relevant Swap Agreement is held (each a “Collateral Account”); and (ii) following the 
date on which the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) is

--- Page 234 ---
234 
terminated, the moneys and/or securities (if any) standing to the credit of the relevant Collateral Account 
in an amount equal to the Excess Swap Collateral. 
“Collection Accounts” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Collection Period” means (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, each period commencing 
on (and including) the first calendar day of January, April, July and October and ending on (and 
including) the last calendar day of March, June, September and December, and in the case of the first 
Collection Period, commencing on (and excluding) the Initial Valuation Date and ending on (and 
including) 31 March 2012, and (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, each period 
commencing on (but excluding) the last day of the preceding Collection Period and ending on (and 
including) the immediately following Accumulation Date. 
“CONSOB” means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa. 
“Corporate Servicer” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. or any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Corporate Services Agreement” means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about the 
Initial Issue Date between the Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor. 
“Cover Pool” means the Receivables and the Integration Assets held by the Guarantor from time to time. 
“Cover Pool Administration Agreement” means the Cover Pool administration agreement entered into 
on or about the Initial Issue Date between, inter alios, the Issuer, the Seller, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Calculation Agent. 
“Cover Pool Manager” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement. 
“Covered Bondholders” means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 2 (Form, Denomination and Title).  
“Covered Bond Swap” means each covered bond swap agreement which may be entered into between 
the Guarantor and the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty in order to hedge certain interest rate, 
basis, and, if applicable, currency risks in respect of amounts received by the Guarantor under the 
Mortgage Pool Swaps and the Covered Bonds. 
“Covered Bond Swap Counterparty” means each entity acting as such under a Covered Bond Swap. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Covered 
Bond for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting a CB Interest Period) (the “OBG Calculation Period”): 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) 
the number of days in such Regular Period and (y) the number of Regular Periods normally 
ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the OBG Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 235 ---
235 
(A) 
the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the Regular Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the number of days in such OBG Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Regular Period and 
(2) the number of Regular Periods normally ending in any year; 
(ii) 
if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the OBG 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion 
of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of 
days in that portion of the OBG Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
OBG Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360” “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of 
days in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:  
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days 
in the OBG Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where:

--- Page 236 ---
236 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number of days in the OBG 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation Period 
falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the OBG Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the OBG Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the OBG Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
“Dealer” means NatWest Markets N.V. and any other entity which may be appointed as such by the 
Issuer pursuant to the Programme Agreement. 
“Due for Payment Date” means (a) at any time prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, a 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date (as defined below) or (b) at any time following the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, the date on which the Acceleration Notice is served on the Guarantor. If the Due 
for Payment Date is not a Business Day, the date determined in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
“Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds” means, at any time, the relevant Series of Covered Bonds that has 
the earliest Maturity Date as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms. 
“Early Redemption Date” means, as applicable, the Optional Redemption Date (Call), the Optional 
Redemption Date (Put) or the date on which any Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed pursuant to 
Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) or Condition 7(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Eligible Deposits” means the deposits held with banks having their registered office in Eligible States 
pursuant to article 2, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. 
“Eligible Institution” means any depository institution organised under the laws of any state which is a 
member of the European Union or of the United States of America (a) whose short-term bank deposits 
are rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at least “A2” by 
Moody’s or (b) whose obligations under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are guaranteed 
in compliance with the Rating Agency’s criteria by a depository institution organised under the laws of 
any state which is a member of the European Union or of the United States of America, whose short-
term bank deposits are rated at least P-1 by Moody’s and whose long-term bank deposits are rated at 
least “A2” by Moody’s. 
“Eligible Investment” means  
(A) 
euro-denominated senior (unsubordinated) debt securities or other debt instruments provided 
that (i) such investments are immediately repayable on demand at par together with accrued 
and unpaid interest, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later 
than the immediately following Liquidation Date; (ii) such investments provide a fixed 
principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount); 
and (iii) the debt securities or other debt instruments are issued by, or fully and unconditionally 
guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis by, an institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated 
debt obligations are rated at least (1) either “Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, 
if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, 
with regard to investments having a maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating 
being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” 
by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-
2” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity 
between one and three months, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; 
(B) 
euro-denominated demand and time deposits in, certificates of deposit of and bankers’ 
acceptances issued by any credit institution (including, without limitation, the English Account 
Bank and the Italian Account Bank, provided that they qualify as an Eligible Institution) 
qualifying as Eligible Institution, provided that such investments shall have a minimum rating 
equal to the ones reported on the following table: 
Maturity 
Rating 
 
Moody’s

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
 
Up to 9 months 
“Baa2” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-2” in respect 
of short-term debt” 
Up to 1 month 
“Baa3” in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating is available, “P-3” in respect 
of short-term debt  
(C) 
any eligible asset and/or public entity securities, in each case pursuant to the OBG Regulations, 
provided that, in all cases, such investments shall from time to time comply with Moody’s 
requirements in respect of type of asset, minimum rating and maturity;  
(D) 
repurchase transactions in respect of euro-denominated debt securities or other debt instruments 
provided that (i) title to the securities underlying such repurchase transactions (in the period 
between the execution of the relevant repurchase transactions and their respective maturity) 
effectively passes to the Guarantor, (ii) such repurchase transactions are immediately repayable 
on demand, disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the 
immediately following Liquidation Date and (iii) such repurchase transactions provide a fixed 
principal amount at maturity (such amount not being lower than the initially invested amount) 
provided that either (a) the debt securities or other debt instruments underlying the repurchase 
transactions are issued by, or fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsubordinated basis 
by, or (b) the counterparty of the Guarantor under the repurchase transaction is a credit 
institution whose unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations are rated at least (1) either 
“Baa3” by Moody’s in respect of long-term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is 
available, “P-3” by Moody’s in respect of short-term debt, with regard to investments having a 
maturity of less than one month, or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria 
established by Moody’s from time to time; (2) either “Baa2” by Moody’s in respect of long-
term debt or, if no long-term rating by Moody’s is available, “P-2” by Moody’s in respect of 
short-term debt, with regard to investments having a maturity between one and three months, 
or such other lower rating being compliant with the criteria established by Moody’s from time 
to time; and  
(E) 
securities lending transactions with the counterparty acting as borrower regulated under the 
Global Master Securities Agreements governed by English law provided that (i) the underlying 
securities comply with the requirements set out in paragraph (A) above, (ii) the counterparty 
acting as borrower of the Guarantor acting as lender under the securities lending transaction is 
a credit institution (including, without limitation, the English Account Bank and the Italian 
Account Bank, to the extent they qualify as Eligible Institutions) qualifying as an Eligible 
Institution, (iii) such securities lending transactions are immediately repayable on demand, 
disposable without penalty or loss or have a maturity date falling no later than the immediately 
following Liquidation Date, (iv) the counterparty acting as borrower of the Guarantor has 
acceded to the Intercreditor Agreement and has agreed to be bound by the provisions thereof 
and (v) in case of downgrade of the relevant counterparty below the minimum ratings by 
Moody’s, the Guarantor shall terminate in advance the securities lending transaction within 35 
calendar days from the downgrade,  
provided that, in any event, (i) none of the investments set out above may consist, in whole or in part, 
actually or potentially, of credit-linked notes or similar claims resulting from the transfer of credit risk 
by means of credit derivatives nor may any amount available to the Guarantor in the context of the 
Programme otherwise be invested in any such instruments at any time and (ii) no amount available to 
the Guarantor in the context of the Programme may be otherwise invested in asset-backed securities, 
irrespective of their subordination, status, or ranking at any time.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
“Eligible States” means any country belonging to the European Economic Area, Switzerland and any 
other country attracting a zero per cent. risk weighting factor under the standardised method provided 
for by Directive 2006/48/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2006 relating to 
the taking up and pursuit of the business of credit institutions. 
“English Account Bank” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, London branch or any permitted 
successor or assignee thereof.  
“English Accounts” means, collectively, the Transaction Account, the Reserve Account and the 
Collateral Account(s) and “English Account” means any one of them.  
“English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment” means a deed of charge under English law to be 
executed on or around the Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders acting on its own behalf and as trustee of the Secured Creditors. 
“Estense Cover Pool Report Date” means 15 Business Days following each Guarantor Payment Date.  
“EURIBOR” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 5(c). 
“Euro”, “€” and “EUR” refer to the single currency of member states of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
“Euro Equivalent” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset, the aggregate 
nominal principal amount outstanding of such loan, bond, or asset as at such date denominated in Euro 
where, if denominated in another currency, the exchange rate corresponds to (i) the current exchange 
rate fixed by the Calculation Agent in accordance with its usual practice at that time for calculating that 
equivalent should any currency hedging agreement not be in place or (ii) the exchange rate indicated in 
the relevant currency hedging agreement if such agreement is in place. 
“Euroclear” means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts collected, received or recovered by the Guarantor as a result of 
any enforcement taken vis-à-vis the Issuer in accordance with article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF Decree. 
“Excess Swap Collateral” means an amount equal to the value of the collateral (or the applicable part 
of any collateral) provided by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor in respect of the relevant 
Swap Counterparty’s obligations to transfer collateral to the Guarantor under the credit support annex 
to the relevant Swap Agreement (i) which is in excess of the termination payment (if any) that would 
have otherwise been payable by the relevant Swap Counterparty to the Guarantor had the collateral not 
been provided under the credit support annex to the relevant Swap Agreement as at the date of 
termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) or (ii) which the 
relevant Swap Counterparty is otherwise entitled to have returned to it under the terms of the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
“Expenses Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Extended Maturity Date” means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date if any specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms on which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final 
Redemption Amount otherwise payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 7(b) 
(Extension of maturity).

--- Page 240 ---
240 
“Extension Determination Date” means the date falling seven Business Days after the Maturity Date 
of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions. 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, with respect to a Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount specified 
in, or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms which, in respect of any Series 
of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, shall be equal to the nominal amount of the 
relevant Covered Bond. 
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Fixed Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions). 
“Floating Rate Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Floating Rate Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest 
Provisions). 
“Guaranteed Amounts” means (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, with respect to any 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date, the sum of amounts equal to the Scheduled Interest and the Scheduled 
Principal, in each case, payable on that Scheduled Due for Payment Date, or (ii) after the service of an 
Acceleration Notice, an amount equal to the relevant Early Redemption Amount plus all accrued and 
unpaid interest and all other amounts due and payable in respect of the Covered Bonds, including all 
Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts and all Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts (whenever the 
same arose) and any other amount payable by the Guarantor under the Covered Bonds, provided that 
any Guaranteed Amounts representing interest paid after the Maturity Date (or Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be) shall be paid on such dates and at such rates as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Guaranteed Amounts include any Guaranteed Amount that was paid by or on behalf of the Issuer to 
the Covered Bondholders to the extent it has been clawed back and recovered from the Covered 
Bondholders by the receiver, conservator, debtor-in-possession or trustee in bankruptcy or other 
insolvency or similar official for the Issuer, named or identified in the Order, and has not been paid or 
recovered from any other source (the “Clawed Back Amounts”). 
“Guarantor Calculation Agent” means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as such 
pursuant to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement or any permitted successor or assignee 
thereof. 
“Guarantor Events of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 10(c) (Guarantor 
Events of Default). 
“Guarantor Payment Date” means (a) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, the 22nd day of 
January, April, July and October or if any such day is not a Business Day, the following Business Day 
or (b) following the service of an Acceleration Notice, the day falling 10 Business Days after the 
Accumulation Date. 
“Hard Bullet Covered Bonds” means the Series of Covered Bonds in relation to which (i) no Extended 
Maturity Date is specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms; (ii) the Final Redemption Amount 
will be due for payment on the Maturity Date; and (iii) the Pre-Maturity Test shall apply.

--- Page 241 ---
241 
“In Arrears” means, in respect of any Mortgage Loans, any amount which has become due and payable 
by the relevant obligor or guarantor but has remained unpaid for more than five consecutive Business 
Days.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 5(j)(a) 
(Independent Adviser) 
“Initial Issue Date” means the date on which the Issuer will issue the first Series of Covered Bonds. 
“Initial Receivables” means the first portfolio of monetary claims arising from Mortgage Loans 
transferred by the Initial Seller to the Guarantor pursuant to the BPER Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Initial Seller” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società 
Cooperativa). 
“Initial Valuation Date” means 30 September 2011.  
“Instalment Covered Bonds” means Covered Bonds specified as being redeemable in instalments in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
“Integration Assets” means the assets mentioned in article 2, paragraph 3, points 2 and 3 of the MEF 
Decree consisting of (i) Eligible Deposits; and (ii) securities issued by banks residing in Eligible States 
with residual maturity not greater than one year, in each case meeting the requirements set out in the 
definition of Eligible Investments. 
“Intercreditor Agreement” means the agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors. 
“Interest Amount” means: 
(i) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, and unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest determined in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Provisions; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds which are Floating Rate Covered Bonds, the amount 
of interest payable per Calculation Amount for the relevant CB Interest Period. 
“Interest Available Funds” means, in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(A) 
any interest component collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and credited into 
the Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date together with any amount retained in the Transaction Account from the Interest 
Available Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(B) 
without duplication of (A) above, an amount equal to the interest components invested in 
Eligible Investments (if any) during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date, following liquidation thereof; 
(C) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest and penalties received by the Servicer and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date;

--- Page 242 ---
242 
(D) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts and on the Eligible Deposits during the Collection Period preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; 
(E) 
all interest amounts received from the Eligible Investments during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(F) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Mortgage Pool 
Swaps; 
(G) 
any amount received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under the Covered Bond 
Swaps; 
(H) 
any premium received (net of any costs reasonably incurred by the Guarantor (if any) to find a 
replacement swap counterparty), if any, by the Guarantor from a replacement swap 
counterparty in consideration for entering into a swap transaction with the Guarantor on the 
same terms as the Mortgage Pool Swaps or the Covered Bond Swaps (as applicable), upon 
termination of the relevant Swap Agreement; 
(I) 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account in excess of the Required Reserve 
Amount; prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing 
to the credit of the Reserve Account (but excluding item (B)(b) of the definition of Required 
Reserve Amount calculated as at the relevant Guarantor Payment Date), in each case at the end 
of the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; following the service 
of an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor, any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve 
Account; and, on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been 
redeemed or cancelled in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, 
any amount standing to the credit of the Reserve Account; 
(J) 
on the Guarantor Payment Date on which all Covered Bonds have been redeemed or cancelled 
in full and no more Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme, any amount standing 
to the credit of the Expenses Account; and 
(K) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period, 
but excluding (i) any amount representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date 
under the Covered Bond Swaps which are currency swaps; (ii) any amount paid by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty upon termination of the relevant Covered Bond Swap and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as 
applicable) in respect of any termination payment and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been 
found, exceeding the net amounts which would have been due and payable by the relevant Swap 
Counterparty with respect to the next Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap 
and/or Mortgage Pool Swap (as applicable) not been terminated; (iii) the Collateral (if any); and (iv) any 
amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Interest Commencement Date” means, in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Issue Date 
of such Covered Bonds or such other date as may be specified as Interest Commencement Date in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
“Interest Coverage Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration 
Agreement.  
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Investment Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Investment Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna 
Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof. 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
Covered Bonds. 
“ISDA Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with Condition 
5(c) (ii) (ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds). 
“Issue Date” means the date of issue of a Tranche of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
“Issue Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Issuer Event of Default” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of 
Default). 
“Italian Account Bank” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan branch or any permitted 
successor or assignee thereof. 
“Italian Accounts” means the Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account, the Securities Account (if 
any) and the Investment Account (if any). 
“Italian Deed of Pledge” means a deed of pledge under Italian law to be executed on or around the 
Initial Issue Date between the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders acting on 
its own behalf and on behalf of the Secured Creditors. 
“Italian Paying Agent” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan branch or any permitted 
successor or assignee thereof. 
“Liquidation Date” means (a) one Business Day prior to the relevant Payments Report Date for any 
investment made by using Available Funds other than Principal Available Funds or (b) one Business Day 
prior to the Payments Report Date falling nine months after the Payments Report Date immediately 
preceding the Investment Date on which investments were made by using Principal Available Funds.  
“Listing Agent” means BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch. 
“Mandate Agreement” means the mandate agreement entered into on or about the Initial Issue Date 
between the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor. 
“Mandatory Tests” means the tests provided for under article 3 of the MEF Decree and namely the 
Nominal Value Test, the NPV Test and the Interest Coverage Test. 
“Margin” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Master Transfer Agreements” means the BPER Master Transfer Agreement and each Additional 
Master Transfer Agreement (if any) and each of them a “Master Transfer Agreement”, as the context 
requires.

--- Page 244 ---
244 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Meeting” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
“Minimum Rate of Interest” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Monte Titoli” means Monte Titoli S.p.A., a società per azioni having its registered office at Piazza 
degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy. 
“Monte Titoli Account Holders” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any Relevant Clearing 
System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any depository banks appointed by the Relevant 
Clearing System). 
“Monthly Calculation Date” means, following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that 
a breach of Test has occurred, the 13th day of the month immediately following the date of such Test 
Performance Report and, thereafter, the 13th day of each month until the relevant breach of Test has been 
cured or otherwise remedied in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement, or, if any 
such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day. 
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service Espana S.A., or its successors, to the extent that at the 
relevant time it provides ratings in respect of the then outstanding Covered Bonds. 
“Mortgage Loans” means Italian residential mortgage loans (mutui ipotecari residenziali) having the 
characteristics set out in article 2, paragraph 1, lett. (a) of the MEF Decree. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap” means each mortgage pool swap agreement which may be entered into between 
the Guarantor and the relevant Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty in order to hedge interest rate risk on 
the Cover Pool or a portion thereof. 
“Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty” means each swap counterparty which agrees to act as such under 
a Mortgage Pool Swap. 
“Negative Carry Factor”) means 0.50 per cent. 
“Nominal Value Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Non Performing Loan” means a receivable which has been for at least 180 consecutive days In 
Arrears, or which has been classified as a credito in sofferenza pursuant to the Servicing Agreement. 
“Notice to Pay” means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default. 
“NPV Test” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Official Gazette” means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della Repubblica Italiana.

--- Page 245 ---
245 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Order” means a final, non-appealable judicial decision, ruling or award from a court of competent 
jurisdiction. 
“Organisation of the Covered Bondholders” means the organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
created by the issue and subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and regulated by the Rules of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached hereto as a schedule. 
“Outstanding Principal Balance” means, at any date, in relation to a loan, a bond, a Series of Covered 
Bonds or any other asset, the aggregate nominal principal amount outstanding (including, for the 
avoidance of doubt, any principal fallen due but unpaid) of such loan, bond, Series of Covered Bonds or 
asset at such date. 
“Paying Agents” means the Principal Paying Agent, the Italian Paying Agent and each other paying 
agent appointed from time to time under the terms of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Payments Report Date” means five Business Days following each Calculation Date.  
“Payment Business Day” means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the Specified Currency is Euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the Specified Currency is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
“Place of Payment” means, in respect of any Covered Bondholder, the place in which the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder for which such Covered Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the 
Covered Bonds is located. 
“Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of 
an Acceleration Notice, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery 
of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement.

--- Page 246 ---
246 
“Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of a Notice to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments” means the order of priority pursuant to which 
the Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a Notice 
to Pay, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Pre-Maturity Account” means the account to be opened, if required, to hold amounts aimed at 
providing compliance with the Pre-Maturity Test. 
“Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-
Maturity Test). 
“Pre-Maturity Rating Period” means the period of 12 months preceding the Maturity Date of the 
relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
“Pre-Maturity Test” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-Maturity Test). 
“Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice” has the meaning given to such term in Condition 7(m) (Pre-
Maturity Test). 
“Pre-Maturity Test Date” means any Business Day falling during the Pre-Maturity Rating Period, prior 
to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default.  
“Principal Available Funds” means in respect of any Guarantor Payment Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Servicer in respect of the Receivables and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date together with any amount retained in the Transaction Account from the Principal Available 
Funds on the preceding Guarantor Payment Date (if any); 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal collected by the Servicer and credited to the 
Transaction Account during the Collection Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(c) 
all proceeds deriving from the sale, if any, of the Receivables during the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(d) 
without duplication with any of the other items of this definition, an amount equal to the principal 
amounts invested in Eligible Investments (if any) following liquidation thereof on the Liquidation 
Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(e) 
all amounts representing principal received in respect of such Guarantor Payment Date under any 
Covered Bond Swap which is a currency swap, if any; 
(f) 
amounts standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account at the end of the Collection Period 
preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
(g) 
any amount to be transferred pursuant to item (vi) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Interest Available 
Funds or the Principal Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the 
Transaction Documents during the immediately preceding Collection Period; and

--- Page 247 ---
247 
(i) 
all amounts of principal standing to the credit of the Eligible Deposits at the end of the Collection 
Period preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date, 
but excluding (i) any amount paid by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty upon termination 
of the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, in respect of any termination payment 
and, until a replacement swap counterparty has been found, exceeding the net amounts which would 
have been due and payable by the relevant Covered Bond Swap Counterparty with respect to the next 
Guarantor Payment Date, had the relevant Covered Bond Swap, which is a currency swap, not been 
terminated; (ii) the Collateral (if any); and (iii) any amount received by the Guarantor in respect of a Tax 
Credit (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement). 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency, provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case 
of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
“Principal Paying Agent” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna 
Società Cooperativa) or any permitted successor or assignee thereof.  
“Priority of Payments” means, as the context requires, any of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments, Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, Post-Issuer Event of 
Default Priority of Payments or Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
“Programme Limit” means up to Euro 7,000,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at the 
date of the agreement to issue such Covered Bonds, and the Euro exchange rate used shall be included 
in the Final Terms) in aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds outstanding at any one time. 
“Programme Resolution” has the meaning given to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
“Put Option” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by any Covered Bondholder intending to exercise its right 
to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option of Covered 
Bondholders). 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of the Covered Bond with such Principal Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder intending to exercise its right to redeem Covered Bonds in accordance with Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders). 
“Quotaholders’ Agreement” means the quotaholders’ agreement executed on or about the Initial Issue 
Date by, inter alios, the Issuer and SVM Securitisation Vehicles Management S.r.l.

--- Page 248 ---
248 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s. 
“Receivables” means, collectively, the Initial Receivables, the Subsequent Receivables and the 
monetary receivables arising under any other eligible assets pursuant to the OBG Regulations and 
Integration Assets, other than Eligible Deposits, from time to time comprised in the Cover Pool. 
“Redemption/Payment Basis” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, 
or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Principal Paying Agent in the market that is most closely connected with 
the Reference Rate. 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Reference Rate” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Registered Paying Agent” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Registrar” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency Agreement. 
“Regular Period” means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first CB Payment Date and each successive period from and including one CB Payment Date to 
but excluding the next CB Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first CB Interest Period, interest is scheduled 
to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one CB Interest Period other than the first CB 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, 
where “Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any CB Payment 
Date falls other than the CB Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular CB Interest Period. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, and/or any other clearing system 
(other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment in respect of the Covered Bonds, the date on which 
payment in respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld 
or refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date

--- Page 249 ---
249 
which is seven days after that on which the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
“Relevant Dealer(s)” means, in relation to any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers with or through whom 
an agreement to issue Covered Bonds has been concluded, or is being negotiated, by the Issuer. 
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate. 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Representative of the Covered Bondholders” means the entity that will act as representative of the 
holders of each Covered Bond pursuant to the Transaction Documents and any permitted successor or 
assignee thereof. 
“Required Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the amount 
calculated as the Euro Equivalent of the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Series of Covered Bonds 
multiplied by (1+(Negative Carry Factor* (days to the Maturity Date (or the Extended Maturity Date if 
applicable) of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds /365))).  
“Required Reserve Amount” means, in respect of each relevant Guarantor Payment Date: 
(A) 
if the Issuer’s short term, unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are 
rated at least “P-1” by Moody’s, nil or such other amount as agreed between the Issuer and the 
Guarantor from time to time; otherwise 
(B) 
an amount to be determined on each relevant Calculation Date which will be equal to the 
aggregate amount of:  
(a) 
the aggregate amount payable on the immediately following Guarantor Payment 
Date in respect of items (ii) and (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments;  
(b) 
the higher of (i) zero and (ii) the net amount that would be payable by the Guarantor 
on any relevant Covered Bond Swap in the immediately following three months or,

--- Page 250 ---
250 
if no Covered Bond Swap has been entered into or if it has been entered into with 
BPER in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds, the interest amount due under that 
Series of Covered Bonds in the immediately following three months; and 
(c) 
Euro 400,000.00. 
“Reserve Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Scheduled Due for Payment Date” means: 
(a) 
(i) each Scheduled Payment Date in respect of the relevant Guaranteed Amounts, and (ii) only 
with respect to the first Scheduled Payment Date immediately after the occurrence of an Issuer 
Event of Default, the day which is two Business Days following service of the Notice to Pay on 
the Guarantor in respect of such Guaranteed Amounts, if such Notice to Pay has not been served 
by the relevant Scheduled Payment Date; or 
(b) 
if the applicable Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable to the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant CB Payment Date that would have been applicable if the 
Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds had been the Extended Maturity Date and such 
other CB Payment Date(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Scheduled Interest” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of interest which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date as specified in the Conditions 
and the applicable Final Terms falling on or after service of a Notice to Pay on the Guarantor and, where 
applicable after the Maturity Date, such other amounts of interest as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, in each case less any additional amounts the Issuer would be obliged to pay as result of any 
gross-up in respect of any withholding or deduction made in the circumstances set out in the Conditions. 
The Scheduled Interest shall: (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional 
amounts relating to premiums, default interest or interest upon interest payable by the Issuer following 
the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts”); and (ii) after the service 
of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts (whenever the same 
arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable prior to their Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
“Scheduled Payment Date” means, in relation to payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, each 
CB Payment Date. 
“Scheduled Principal” means an amount equal to the amount in respect of principal which would have 
been due and payable under the Covered Bonds on each CB Payment Date or the Maturity Date (as the 
case may be) as specified in the Conditions and the applicable Final Terms. The Scheduled Principal 
shall: (i) prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, exclude any additional amount relating to 
prepayments, early redemption, broken funding indemnities, penalties, premiums or default interest 
payable by the Issuer following the service of a Notice to Pay (the “Additional Scheduled Principal 
Amounts”); and (ii) after the service of an Acceleration Notice, include such Additional Scheduled 
Principal Amounts (whenever the same arose) had the Covered Bonds not become due and repayable 
prior to their Maturity Date or, if the Final Terms specifies that an Extended Maturity Date is applicable 
to such relevant Series, such Extended Maturity Date. 
“Screen Rate Determination” means that the Rate of Interest will be determined in accordance with 
Condition 5(c) (i) (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds).

--- Page 251 ---
251 
“Secured Creditors” means, collectively, the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (in its own capacity and as legal representative of the Covered Bondholders), the Initial 
Seller, the Additional Sellers (if any), the Subordinated Loan Provider(s), the Servicer, the Corporate 
Servicer, the Italian Account Bank, the English Account Bank, the Italian Paying Agent, the Investment 
Agent, the Swap Counterparties, the Cash Manager, the Asset Monitor, the Cover Pool Manager (if any), 
the Registered Paying Agent (if any), the Registrar (if any), the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and any additional party who accedes to the Intercreditor Agreement. 
“Securities Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Selected Assets” has the meaning given to such term in the Cover Pool Administration Agreement. 
“Sellers” means, collectively, the Initial Seller and the Additional Sellers (if any). 
“Series” or “Series of Covered Bonds” means a series of Covered Bonds comprising one or more 
Tranches, whether or not issued on the same date, that (except in respect of the first payment of interest 
and their Issue Price) have identical terms on issue and are expressed to have the same series number. 
“Servicer” means BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società 
Cooperativa) or any successor servicer appointed from time to time in respect of this Programme. 
“Servicer Report” means the report prepared and submitted by the Servicer to the Guarantor, the 
Corporate Servicer, the Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating 
Agency, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties, in the form set 
out in the Servicing Agreement, containing information as to the collections and recoveries made in 
respect of the Receivables during the preceding Collection Period. 
“Servicing Agreement” means the servicing agreement entered into on 2 November 2011, as 
subsequently amended, between the Guarantor and the Servicer. 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Specified Denomination(s)” means € 100,000 and integral multiples of € 1,000 in excess thereof or 
such higher denomination as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms (or its equivalent in another 
currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Covered Bonds). 
“Specified Office” means, with reference to the Principal Paying Agent, its office at via Aristotele 195, 
Modena, Italy or such other office in the same city or town as the Principal Paying Agent may specify 
by notice to the Issuer and the other parties to the Cash Management and Agency Agreement in the 
manner provided therein. 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Subordinated Loan Agreements” means the BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement and each 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement (if any), and each of them a “Subordinated Loan 
Agreement”, as the context requires.  
“Subordinated Loan Provider” means any of BPER and the Additional Seller, and any respective 
successor thereof, appointed as subordinated loan provider in accordance with the terms of the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
“Subsequent Receivables” means the further portfolios of monetary claims arising from Mortgage 
Loans, transferred or to be transferred to the Guarantor by (i) the Initial Seller pursuant to the BPER

--- Page 252 ---
252 
Master Transfer Agreement and/or (ii) by the Additional Sellers (if any) pursuant to the relevant 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement. 
“Subsidiary” has the meaning given to such term in article 2359 of the Italian civil code. 
“Successor Rate” means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is a successor to or replacement of the 
Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
“Swap Agreements” means, collectively, each Mortgage Pool Swap and each Covered Bond Swap. 
“Swap Counterparties” means, collectively, the Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparties and the Covered 
Bond Swap Counterparties and “Swap Counterparty” means any one of them as the context requires. 
“Swap Trigger” means the occurrence of an early termination of any Covered Bond Swap and/or 
Mortgage Pool Swap due to either: 
(a) 
(i) the occurrence of a Rating Event and (ii) the failure by the relevant Swap Counterparty to 
take such action as is required in the relevant Swap Agreement to remedy such Rating Event; 
or 
(b) 
the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement (which, for 
the avoidance of doubt, is not the same as a Guarantor Event of Default or an Issuer Event of 
Default) and as designated as such by the Guarantor) in respect of the relevant Swap 
Counterparty. 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which the TARGET System is open. 
“TARGET System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system (known as TARGET2) which utilises a single shared platform and which was 
launched on 19 November 2007 or any successor thereto. 
“Test Performance Report” means the report to be delivered, on each Calculation Date and/or Monthly 
Calculation Date and/or on any other date on which the Test is to be performed under the Transaction 
Documents, as the case may be, by the Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement. 
“Tests” means, collectively, the Mandatory Tests, the Asset Coverage Test and the Amortisation Test. 
“Transaction Account” has the meaning given to such term in the Cash Management and Agency 
Agreement. 
“Transaction Documents” means, collectively, the Master Transfer Agreements, the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreements, the Servicing Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, the Cover Pool 
Administration Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Subordinated Loan Agreements, the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Cash Management and Agency Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, 
the Programme Agreement, the Quotaholders’ Agreement, the Italian Deed of Pledge, the Swap 
Agreements, the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment, the Subscription Agreement, the 
Mandate Agreement, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and 
any document or agreement which supplements, amends or restates the content of any of the above-
mentioned documents and any further documents or agreement entered into in connection with the 
Programme and designated as such by the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders.

--- Page 253 ---
253 
“Warranty and Indemnity Agreements” means the BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreements (if any) and each of them a “Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement”, as the context requires. 
“Zero Coupon Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Zero Coupon Provisions” means the relevant provisions set out in Condition 6 (Zero Coupon 
Provisions). 
(ii) 
In these Conditions, the following events and the criteria are deemed to have occurred or been satisfied, 
as the case may be, as set out below: 
an “Insolvency Event” will have occurred in respect of any bank, company or corporation if: 
(a) 
such bank, company or corporation becomes subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, receivership, insolvency, composition or reorganisation (among which, without 
limitation, fallimento, liquidazione coatta amministrativa, concordato preventivo, accordi di 
ristrutturazione and amministrazione straordinaria, each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including also any equivalent or analogous 
proceedings under the law of the jurisdiction in which such bank, company or corporation is 
deemed to carry on business, including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, reorganisation, 
dissolution, administration, receivership, arrangement, adjustment, protection or relief of debtors) 
or similar proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such 
bank, company or corporation are subject to a pignoramento or similar procedure having a similar 
effect (other than, in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor 
for the purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer 
selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed by the Issuer in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; 
(b) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under paragraph (i) above is 
made in respect of or by such bank, company or corporation or the same proceedings are 
otherwise initiated against such bank, company or corporation or notice is given of an intention 
to appoint an administrator in relation to such bank, company or corporation and, in the opinion 
of the Representative of the Noteholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a lawyer 
selected by it), the commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in good faith with 
a reasonable prospect of success; 
(c) 
such bank, company or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than the Secured Creditors) or is granted by a competent court a 
moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by 
it or applies for suspension of payments; or 
(d) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation, 
administration or dissolution in any form of such bank, company or corporation (except a 
winding-up for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation or reconstruction, the terms 
of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) or any of the events under article 2484 of the Italian civil code occurs with respect 
to such bank, company or corporation; and

--- Page 254 ---
254 
a “Rating Event” will have occurred in respect of a Swap Counterparty if the unsecured, unsubordinated 
debt obligations of such Swap Counterparty (or its guarantors) cease to be rated at least as high as the 
highest rating required under the relevant Swap Agreement. 
(iii) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(a) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation in the 
Republic of Italy), any premium payable in respect of any Covered Bond and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 1(i) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression 
is “not applicable”, then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(d) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented from time to time; 
(e) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) 
shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
Series only; and 
(f) 
any reference to any Italian legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other 
subsidiary legislation enacted to implement primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference 
to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-
enacted. 
2 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000 (or, where the Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form and in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with article 
83-bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will 
at all times be in book entry form and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by, and title thereto will be 
transferred by means of, book entries in accordance with: (i) the provisions of article 83-bis of Italian legislative 
decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998; and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended, in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time. No 
physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The rights and powers of the Covered

--- Page 255 ---
255 
Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the Issuer, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor and the Paying Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the Monte Titoli Account Holder, whose account is at the relevant time credited 
with a Covered Bond, as the absolute owner of such Covered Bond for the purposes of payments to be made to 
the holder of such Covered Bond (whether or not the Covered Bond is overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
to the contrary, any notice of ownership or writing on the Covered Bond or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft of the Covered Bond) and shall not be liable for doing so. 
3 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected, received, or recovered by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Covered Bond when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
However, the Guarantor shall have no obligation under the Covered Bond Guarantee to pay any 
Guaranteed Amount on the Due for Payment Date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and 
service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on the Issuer and the Guarantor of a Notice 
to Pay. Any payment made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall discharge the 
corresponding obligations of the Issuer under the Covered Bonds vis-à-vis the Covered Bondholders. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due by the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bonds Guarantee shall be paid in accordance 
with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement, and recourse in respect of the 
Guarantor is limited in the manner described in Condition 13 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition). 
4 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the 
Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and including) 
the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate 
of Interest. Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Payments), up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. 
Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to

--- Page 256 ---
256 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under 
this Condition 4 (Fixed Rate Provisions) to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount and Broken Amount 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of each Fixed 
Rate Covered Bond for any CB Interest Period in respect of which the Fixed Rate Provisions apply will 
amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, will amount to the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination. Payments of interest on any CB Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, amount to the Broken Amount(s) so specified. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which no Fixed Coupon Amount is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms, such interest shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards). For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than Euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect 
to Euro, means one cent. 
5 
Floating Rate Interest Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of 
which the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest on its Outstanding Principal Balance from (and 
including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each CB Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 8 
(Payments) up to (and excluding) the Maturity Date, or, as the case may be, the Extended Maturity Date. 
Each Covered Bond will cease to accrue interest on the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (both before and after judgment) at the applicable Rate of Interest in the manner provided under 
this Condition 5 to the Relevant Date. 
(c) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will be 
determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each 
CB Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations,

--- Page 257 ---
257 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent. If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, 
the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the 
lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation 
agent, such calculation agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of such offered quotations. 
If, in the case of (1) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than 
three such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable in each 
case as at the Relevant Time, the Principal Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide 
the Principal Paying Agent with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) for 
the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question; and 
(B) 
if two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Principal Paying Agent with such offered 
quotations, determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations, 
and if fewer than two such offered quotations are provided as requested, the Principal Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) as communicated to 
(and at the request of) the Principal Paying Agent by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of 
the Specified Currency, selected by the Principal Paying Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant CB Interest 
Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to the relevant 
CB Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time, and the Rate of Interest for such CB Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Principal Paying 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the 
above provisions in relation to any CB Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered 
Bonds during such CB Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) 
the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds in respect of the preceding CB 
Interest Period. 
(ii) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) 
of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each CB 
Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “ISDA Rate” means, in relation to any 
CB Interest Period, a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent were acting as Calculation Agent (as that term is 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which:

--- Page 258 ---
258 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (A) if the relevant Floating Rate Option is based on the London 
inter bank offered rate (“LIBOR”) or on the Euro-zone inter-bank offered rate (“EURIBOR”), 
the first day of that CB Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (ii), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, “Designated 
Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(d) 
Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms for any CB Interest Period, then the applicable Rate of Interest in respect of such CB Interest 
Period shall in no event be greater than the Maximum Rate of Interest and/or be less than the Minimum 
Rate of Interest so specified, as the case may be. 
(e) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each CB Interest Period, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant CB 
Interest Period.  
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Floating Rate Covered 
Bond for such CB Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be equal to the product of the Rate of 
Interest, the Calculation Amount and the Day Count Fraction for such CB Interest Period, rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) 
and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a “sub-unit” means, in the case of 
any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(f) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent, then 
the Principal Paying Agent or such calculation agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times 
at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount will 
be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in the manner specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
(g) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount for each CB Interest Period, the 
relevant CB Payment Date and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any 
relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Italian Paying Agent and any 
stock exchange on which the Floating Rate Covered Bond are for the time being listed and admitted to 
trading as soon as practicable after such determination, but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and CB Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant CB Interest

--- Page 259 ---
259 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with 
Condition 16 (Notices). The Principal Paying Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount 
(on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the relevant CB Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified 
Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond 
having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(h) 
Determination and calculation by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
If for any reason at any relevant time the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms 
specifies a calculation agent, such calculation agent does not for any reason comply with its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or any Interest Amount in accordance with the above provisions or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, as the case may be, and in each case in accordance 
with paragraphs (f) and (g) above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall do so (or shall 
appoint an agent on its behalf to do so) and such determination or calculation shall be deemed to have 
been made by the Principal Paying Agent or, as the case may be, the calculation agent. In doing so, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall apply the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5 
(Floating Rate Interest Provisions), with any necessary consequential amendments, to the extent that, in 
its opinion, it can do so, and, in all other respects, it shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and 
reasonable in all the circumstances. 
(i) 
Notifications etc. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 5 (Floating Rate Interest Provisions) by 
the Principal Paying Agent or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, such 
calculation agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Paying Agents and the Covered Bondholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person 
will attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant calculation agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.  
(j) 
Fallback provisions 
(a)  
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in respect of Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the 
Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to a Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference 
to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative 
Rate (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and whether any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments)) are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread. 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 5(j)(a) shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad 
faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Issuer, the party responsible for determining the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bond (being

--- Page 260 ---
260 
the Principal Paying Agent or such other party specified in the form of Final Terms) or the Covered 
Bondholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 5(j). 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer (acting in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate, provided however that if the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date in the case of the Rate of Interest on Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies 
the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding 
Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Covered Bonds 
whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of 
Interest for Covered Bonds whose Final Terms specifies the Floating Rate Provisions as being applicable 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to 
the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
(as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period (as applicable). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 5(j)(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest 
Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 5(j)(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided 
in Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future 
payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 5(j)); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate 
shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 5(j)(c) (Adjustment Spread) subsequently 
be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 5(j)). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or if the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate in accordance with Condition this 5(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date) acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required 
to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread 
shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 261 ---
261 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 5(j) and the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (if it is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or if the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing 
which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with Condition 5(j)(a) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date) acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and the other Programme Documents, including but not limited to 
Relevant Screen Page, are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread and/or necessary or appropriate to comply with any applicable regulation 
or guidelines on the use of benchmarks or other related document issued by the competent regulatory 
authority (such amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 5(j)(e) 
(Notices) and subject (to the extent required) to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, or non-objection from, the competent regulatory authority, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Covered Bondholders vary these Conditions and the other 
Programme Documents to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date 
specified in such notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders together with the Guarantor, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Covered Bondholders, be obliged to concur 
with the Issuer in effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an 
amendment agreement to the Programme Documents) and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that if, in the opinion 
of the Covered Bondholders doing so would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to 
any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or amend rights and/or the protective 
provisions afforded to the Covered Bondholders in these Conditions or the Programme Documents 
(including for the avoidance of doubt, any amendment to the Programme Documents), the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall give effect to such Benchmark Amendments 
(including, inter alia, by the execution of any amendment agreement to the Programme Documents), 
subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction by the Issuer. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 5(j)(d), the Issuer shall comply 
with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being listed or 
admitted to trading. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) is 
to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest  (as applicable) relating to the 
relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent and each Paying Agent 
and, in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
(e) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate

--- Page 262 ---
262 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Conditions 5(j)(a) (Independent Adviser) to 
5(j)(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 5 (Floating Rate Provisions) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has 
occurred. 
6 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 (Zero Coupon Provisions) is applicable only to Covered Bonds in respect of which the 
Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld 
or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount calculated as provided in Condition 
7(i) (Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds) as though the references therein to the date fixed 
for the redemption were replaced by references to the date which is the earlier of: 
(i) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(ii) 
seven days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
7 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Covered Bond will be 
redeemed at its Final Redemption Amount in the relevant Specified Currency on the relevant Maturity 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity) and Condition 8 (Payments). If an 
Extended Maturity Date is not specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying for a Series of Covered 
Bonds, Condition 7(m) (Pre-Maturity Test) shall apply. If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and, prior to the service of a Notice to 
Pay, the Issuer fails to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two 
Business Days thereafter, the maturity of the Covered Bonds and the date on which such Covered Bonds 
will be due and repayable for the purposes of these Conditions will be, subject to sub-paragraph (b) 
below, automatically extended up to but no later than the Extended Maturity Date. The Issuer shall 
confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least on the 
Extension Determination Date as to whether payment of the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the 
Covered Bonds will or will not be made in full on that Maturity Date or within two Business Days 
thereafter. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or 
effectiveness of the extension. 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
(i) 
Without prejudice to Condition 10 (Events of Default), if an Extended Maturity Date is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of Covered Bonds and the Issuer has failed 
to redeem all of those Covered Bonds in full on the Maturity Date or within two Business Days 
thereafter or an Issuer Event of Default is otherwise outstanding, the Guarantor (as determined 
on its behalf by the Guarantor Calculation Agent) has insufficient moneys available under the

--- Page 263 ---
263 
relevant Priorities of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final 
Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds on the date falling 
on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below) payment of the unpaid 
amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date, provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and 
remaining unpaid after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any 
CB Payment Date thereafter up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
(ii) 
Notwithstanding the above, if the Covered Bonds are extended as a consequence of the 
occurrence of an Article 74 Event, upon termination of the suspension period and service of the 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice, the Issuer shall resume responsibility for meeting the payment 
obligations under any Series of Covered Bonds in respect of which an Extension of Maturity has 
occurred, and any Final Redemption Amount shall be due for payment on the last Business Day 
of the month on which the Article 74 Event Cure Notice has been served. 
(iii) 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant Covered Bondholders (in accordance with Condition 16 
(Notices)), any relevant Swap Counterparties, the Rating Agency, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent and the Italian Paying Agent, as soon as 
reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day prior to the relevant Maturity 
Date, of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds pursuant to the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such persons shall not affect the validity 
or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
(iv) 
In the circumstances described above, the Guarantor shall, on the relevant Scheduled Due for 
Payment Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available 
(after making payments or provisions for payment of amounts ranking higher or pari passu with 
the relevant Priorities of Payments) pro rata towards payment of an amount equal to the Final 
Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds and shall pay Guaranteed 
Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation 
of the Guarantor to make any payment towards satisfaction of the Final Redemption Amount not 
so done on such Due for Payment Date shall be deferred as described above. 
(v) 
Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity 
Date in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity), the Covered Bonds shall 
bear interest from (and including) the Maturity Date to (but excluding) the earlier of the relevant 
CB Payment Date after the Maturity Date on which the Covered Bonds are redeemed in full or 
the Extended Maturity Date unless on such date payment of principal is improperly withheld or 
refused (in which case, interest will continue to accrue in accordance with these Conditions and 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms). In these events, interest shall be payable on those 
Covered Bonds at the rate determined in accordance with Condition 7(b)(vi) on the principal 
amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds in arrear on the CB Payment Date in each month after 
the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately prior to the relevant 
CB Payment Date, subject as otherwise provided in the applicable Final Terms. The final CB 
Payment Date shall fall no later than the Extended Maturity Date. 
(vi) 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applying to a Series of 
Covered Bonds and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is extended beyond the Maturity Date 
in accordance with this Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity), the rate of interest payable from

--- Page 264 ---
264 
time to time in respect of the principal amount outstanding of the Covered Bonds on each CB 
Payment Date after the Maturity Date in respect of the CB Interest Period ending immediately 
prior to the relevant CB Payment Date will be as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, 
where applicable, determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the Italian Paying Agent, as the 
case may be, or, where the applicable Final Terms specifies a calculation agent, the calculation 
agent so specified, two Business Days after the Maturity Date in respect of the first such CB 
Interest Period and thereafter as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(vii) 
The provisions set out in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) above shall only apply to Covered Bonds to 
which an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer fails 
to redeem those Covered Bonds (in full) on the Maturity Date (or within two Business Days 
thereafter) and the maturity of those Covered Bonds is automatically extended up to the Extended 
Maturity Date in accordance with Condition 7(b) (Extension of maturity). 
(viii) Where an Extended Maturity Date is specified in the relevant Final Terms as applying to a Series 
of Covered Bonds, a failure to pay by the Guarantor on the Maturity Date shall not constitute a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any CB Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption, if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the 
laws or regulations of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having 
power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations 
(including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes 
effective on or after the date of issue of the first Series of Covered Bonds; and 
(ii) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 days prior to the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on a CB Payment Date, 60 days prior to the CB 
Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the Issuer would be 
obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered Bonds were then 
due.

--- Page 265 ---
265 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver 
to the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Listing Agent and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, a certificate signed by duly authorised officers of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence 
shall be sufficient to the Italian Paying Agent and the Principal Paying Agent and conclusive and binding 
on the Covered Bondholders). Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 7(c) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance with 
this Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons). 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(c) (Redemption for tax reasons) will be redeemed 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may 
be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on 
any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer 
giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such 
date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption 
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed 
at the principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance 
with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected 
in the records of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their 
discretion), subject to compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 7(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be 
redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable to the relevant Covered Bonds, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) in respect of such Covered Bonds shall in no event be greater than the Maximum 
Redemption Amount or be less than the Minimum Redemption Amount so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the holder of any such Covered Bond, redeem such Covered Bond on the Optional Redemption 
Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) 
together with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption. To exercise such option, the 
Covered Bondholder must, not less than 15 nor more than 30 days before the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal Paying Agent with which a Put 
Option Notice is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Covered Bondholder. Once deposited in accordance with this Condition 7(f) (Redemption at the option

--- Page 266 ---
266 
of Covered Bondholders), no duly completed Put Option Notice may be withdrawn; provided, however, 
that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bond becomes immediately 
due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bond on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the 
Principal Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Covered Bond against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding 
Covered Bonds are held by the Principal Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 7(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), the Covered Bondholder and not the Principal 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part, 
at any time, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices), all Covered 
Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next CB 
Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any payments 
under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which 
change or amendment has become or will become effective before the next CB Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 7(g) (Redemption due to illegality) will be 
redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. 
(h) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in 
Conditions 9(a) (At maturity) to 9(g) (Redemption due to illegality). 
(i) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption 
of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount calculated in 
accordance with the following formula: 
Early Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
“RP” means the Reference Price per Calculation Amount; 
“AY” means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
“y” is a fraction the numerator of which is equal to the number of days (calculated on the basis of a 360-
day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Covered Bond becomes 
due and repayable and the denominator of which is 360. 
(j) 
Instalments 
Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed in the amount(s) and on the payment date(s) specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. In the case of early redemption, Instalment Covered Bonds will be redeemed

--- Page 267 ---
267 
at their Early Redemption Amount together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of redemption. 
(k) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase beneficially or 
procure others to purchase beneficially for its account Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or 
otherwise. Such Covered Bonds may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option of the Issuer or any of its 
Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor), cancelled. The Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds 
at any time. 
(l) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed, in accordance with Conditions from 9(a) (At maturity) to 9(g) 
(Redemption due to illegality), shall forthwith be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Pre-Maturity Test 
The Calculation Agent will on each Pre-Maturity Test Date, prior to the service of a Notice to Pay, in 
relation to a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
determine if the Issuer satisfies the following pre-maturity rating requirements (the “Pre-Maturity 
Test”) and shall immediately notify the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of Covered 
Bondholders if the Issuer does not satisfy such Pre-Maturity Test. 
The Issuer will not satisfy, and be in breach of, the Pre-Maturity Test if the Issuer’s (a) short-term credit 
rating for its unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “P-
1” from Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled to fall 
within six months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date or (b) long-term credit rating for its 
unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations is equal to or lower than “A2” from 
Moody’s and the Maturity Date of the Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is scheduled fall within 12 
months following the relevant Pre-Maturity Test Date. 
If the Pre-Maturity Test is breached in respect of a Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds within 12 
months prior to the scheduled Maturity Date of that Series, the Calculation Agent will immediately serve 
a notice to that effect on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(the “Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice”). Following the delivery of such notice, the Issuer will be 
required to procure, within the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Pre-Maturity 
Test Breach Notice is notified to the Issuer and (ii) the Maturity Date of the relevant Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, that (A) an amount equal to the Required Redemption Amount in respect of such 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds plus any amount that would be payable by the Guarantor in priority 
thereto in accordance with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments (regardless as to 
whether a Notice to Pay has been served) (the “Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount”) is credited to an 
account opened for that purpose by the Guarantor with an Eligible Institution (the “Pre-Maturity 
Account”), or, alternatively, (B) a guarantee is provided in respect of the payment of the Final 
Redemption Amount on the relevant Maturity Date for that Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds by a 
guarantor whose senior, unsecured and unsubordinated ratings are at least equal to “P-1” by Moody’s. 
If any of the actions under (A) and (B) above is not taken, the Guarantor may, among others: 
(a) offer to sell Selected Assets in accordance with the Cover Pool Administration Agreement and 
subject to any right of pre-emption enjoyed by the relevant Seller; and/or

--- Page 268 ---
268 
(b) seek to obtain the creation of Eligible Deposits from the Seller(s). The creation of Eligible Deposits 
will be financed through advances granted by the relevant Seller under the relevant Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Any proceeds deriving from the sale of Selected Assets and their related security and/or any contribution 
in cash by the relevant Seller shall be credited to the Pre-Maturity Account. 
Following service of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall apply funds standing to the Pre-Maturity 
Account to repay the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on its Maturity Date in accordance 
with the Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 
If the Issuer fully repays the relevant Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds on the Maturity Date thereof, 
any amount of cash standing to the credit of the Pre-Maturity Account after such repayment shall be 
applied in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments, unless: 
(a) 
the Issuer does not satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet 
Covered Bonds, in which case the cash will remain credited on the Pre-Maturity Account and 
used to provide liquidity for that other Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds; or 
(b) 
the Issuer does satisfy the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any other Series of Hard Bullet Covered 
Bonds, but the Issuer resolves to retain the cash on the Pre-Maturity Account in order to provide 
liquidity for any future Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds. 
8 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds deposited with Monte 
Titoli will be credited, in accordance with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Italian Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the 
accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with those 
Covered Bonds, and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such aforementioned 
accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds. Payments made by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) according to the instructions of Monte Titoli 
to the accounts with Monte Titoli of the banks and authorised brokers whose accounts are credited with 
those Covered Bonds will relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the 
corresponding payment obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the 
case may be). 
Alternatively, the Principal Paying Agent and/or the Italian Paying Agent may arrange for payments of 
principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made to the Covered Bondholders through 
Euroclear and Clearstream to be credited to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the 
beneficial owners of the Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, 
as the case may be, Clearstream. Payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the 
case may be) to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream of the beneficial owners of the Covered 
Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear or, as the case may be, Clearstream will 
relieve the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) pro tanto from the corresponding payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds or the Covered Bond Guarantee (as the case may be). 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, directives and regulations in the place of payment or other laws to which the Issuer, the Guarantor

--- Page 269 ---
269 
or their Agents agree to be subject and neither Issuer nor the Guarantor will be liable for any taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by such laws, regulations, directives or agreements, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 9 (Taxation in the Republic of Italy).  
(c) 
Payments on Business Days 
If the due date for any payment of principal and/or interest in respect of any Covered Bond is not a 
Payment Business Day in the Place of Payment, the holder of the relevant Covered Bond shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the immediately succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such Place of Payment and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect 
of any such delay. 
9 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall 
be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such 
additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered Bondholders after such withholding or 
deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in respect to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva provided by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended (“Decree No. 
239”) with respect to any Covered Bonds (including in all circumstances in which the 
requirements and procedures of Decree No. 239 and related implementing rules have not been 
properly and promptly met or complied with) or, for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 
June 1998) (as any of the same may be amended or supplemented) or any related implementing 
regulations; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Covered Bond presented for payments: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Covered 
Bond by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the 
mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Covered Bond by making, or procuring, a declaration or any other 
statement to the relevant tax authority including, but not limited to, a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Maturity Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Covered Bond for 
payment on such 30th day assuming that day to have been a CB Payment Date; or

--- Page 270 ---
270 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident legal 
entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not 
allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities for the purpose 
of Decree No. 239; or 
(F) 
in respect of any Covered Bonds where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant 
to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as amended or supplemented from 
time to time; or 
(G) 
in respect of Covered Bonds classified as atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time; or 
(iii) 
where such withholding or deduction required to be made pursuant to European Council Directive 
2014/48/EU of 24 March 2014 or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced in 
order to conform to, such Directive; or 
(iv) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to a Paying Agent in another 
Member State of the EU but they failed to do so. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Terms and Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the 
Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer, will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed 
or required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the “Code”), or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or any treaty, law or regulation 
or of any other jurisdiction, or relating to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and 
another jurisdiction facilitating the implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules 
or practices implementing such a treaty, law or regulation or intergovernmental agreement) (any such 
withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be 
required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic 
of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
10 Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default 
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(A) 
failure by the Issuer for a period of seven days or more to pay any principal or redemption amount, 
or for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds of any 
Series when due; or 
(B) 
breach by the Issuer of any material obligations under or in respect of the Covered Bonds (of any 
Series outstanding) or any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (other than any 
obligation for the payment of principal or interest on the Covered Bonds and/or any obligation to 
comply with the Tests) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the Representative of the

--- Page 271 ---
271 
Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case no notice will be 
required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer, certifying that such failure 
is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and specifying 
whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(C) 
if, following the delivery of a Breach of Tests Notice, the Tests are not cured by the immediately 
following Monthly Calculation Date; or 
(D) 
if the Pre-Maturity Test in respect of any Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds is not satisfied on 
any Pre-Maturity Test Date falling during the 12 month-period prior to the Maturity Date of that 
Series of Hard Bullet Covered Bonds, and such breach has not been cured in accordance with 
these Conditions on or before the earlier of (i) 14 calendar days from the date on which the Issuer 
is notified of the breach of the Pre-Maturity Test and (ii) the Maturity Date of that Series of Hard 
Bullet Covered Bonds, unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Meeting of 
the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders resolves otherwise; or 
(E) 
an Insolvency Event of the Issuer; or 
(F) 
an Article 74 Event, 
then, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve a 
Notice to Pay on the Issuer and Guarantor declaring that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred 
(specifying, in case of an Article 74 Event, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary). 
(b) 
Effect of a Notice to Pay 
Upon service of a Notice to Pay to the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(A) 
each Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and they will rank pari passu 
amongst themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such events shall not trigger an 
acceleration against the Guarantor, (B) in accordance with Article 4, paragraph 3 of the MEF 
Decree and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall 
be solely responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer 
and (C) in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under point (F) above (I) the Guarantor, 
in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the suspension period and (II) upon the end of the 
suspension period the Issuer shall be responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the 
Covered Bonds (and for the avoidance of doubts, the Covered Bonds then outstanding will not 
be deemed to be accelerated against the Issuer); 
(B) 
the Guarantor will pay the Guaranteed Amounts on the Scheduled Due for Payment Date in 
accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Priority of Payments set 
out in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(C) 
the Mandatory Tests (as defined above) shall continue to be applied and the Amortisation Test (as 
defined below) shall be also applied; 
(D) 
 the Guarantor shall (only if necessary in order to effect timely due payments under the Covered 
Bonds), direct the Servicer to sell the Receivables in accordance with the provisions of the Cover 
Pool Administration Agreement; 
(E) 
no further Covered Bonds may be issued;

--- Page 272 ---
272 
provided that in case of an Article 74 Event the effects listed in items (A) to (E) of paragraph (b) above 
will only apply for as long as the Suspension Period will be in force and effect. 
“Suspension Period” means the period of time starting from the date on which a resolution pursuant to 
article 74 of the Banking Act is passed in respect of the Issuer (the “Article 74 Event”) and ending on 
the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves an Article 74 Event Cure Notice 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor, informing such parties that the Article 74 Event has been cured, during 
which the Guarantor, in accordance with the MEF Decree, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts that fall due and payable during such period. 
(c) 
Guarantor Events of Default 
Following the service of a Notice to Pay, if any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of 
Default”) occurs and is continuing: 
(i) 
default by the Guarantor for a period of seven days or more to pay any principal or redemption 
amount, or for a period of 14 days or more in the payment of any interest on the Covered Bonds 
of any Series; or 
(ii) 
breach of the Amortisation Test on any Calculation Date; or 
(iii) 
breach by the Guarantor of any material obligations under the provisions of any Transaction 
Documents to which the Guarantor is a party (other than any obligation for the payment of 
principal or interest on the Covered Bonds) and (except where, in the sole opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy, in which case 
no notice will be required), and such failure remains unremedied for 30 days after the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor, 
certifying that such failure is, in its opinion, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and specifying whether or not such failure is capable of remedy; or 
(iv) 
an Insolvency Event of the Guarantor, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at its sole discretion, and shall if so directed 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Meeting of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, serve 
an Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor declaring that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
(d) 
Effect of an Acceleration Notice 
From and including the date on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers an 
Acceleration Notice on the Guarantor: 
(i) 
the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable by the Guarantor at their Early 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with any accrued interest; and 
(ii) 
if a Guarantor Event of Default occurs with respect to a Series, each other Series of Covered 
Bonds will cross accelerate at the same time against the Guarantor, becoming due and payable, 
and they will rank pari passu amongst themselves; and 
(iii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against 
the Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued 
interest and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts 
payable under Condition 9(a) (Gross-up by Issuer)) in accordance with the Priority of Payments 
set out in the Intercreditor Agreement; and

--- Page 273 ---
273 
(iv) 
subject to the failure of the Guarantor in taking the necessary actions pursuant to paragraph (ii) 
above, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
shall be entitled to take any steps and proceedings against the Issuer to enforce the provisions of 
the Covered Bonds, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice, take such steps and/or institute such proceedings against 
the Guarantor as it may think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any 
such proceedings or steps unless requested or authorised by an Extraordinary Resolution of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 10 (Events of Default) by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor 
and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer 
or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with the exercise or 
non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions hereunder. 
11 Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall be barred and become void unless made within 10 years (in 
respect of principal) or five years (in respect of interest) of the appropriate Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
12 Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance 
of the first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until 
repayment in full or cancellation of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall 
at all times be a Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is 
made by the Covered Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders. 
In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have appointed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to perform 
the activities described in the Programme Agreement, these Conditions (including the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders), the Intercreditor Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Initial Issue Date and 
ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have been 
cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions. 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative, acting in its name 
and on its behalf, and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by the terms of 
the Transaction Documents to which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is a party 
and by any agreement entered into from time to time by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Dealers shall not be liable, without prejudice for the provisions 
set forth under Article 1229 of the Italian civil code, in respect of any loss, liability, claim, 
expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a result of the

--- Page 274 ---
274 
performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the exercise of 
any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
13 Limited Recourse and Non-Petition 
(a) 
Limited recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as 
provided under the OBG Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool which constitute 
Available Funds subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which 
specified payments will be made to other parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non-petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the 
general law or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly 
against the Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted by the 
Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to enforce the 
Covered Bonds Guarantee or take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction 
Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor for 
the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
until the date falling two years and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds 
issued in the context of the Programme, or any other similar programme established for the 
issuance of covered bond guaranteed by the Guarantor, have been cancelled or redeemed in full 
in accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu 
thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, legal 
proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priority of Payments not being 
complied with. 
14 Agents 
In acting under the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and in connection with the Covered Bonds, the 
Paying Agents will act solely as agents of the Issuer and, following service of a Notice to Pay or an Acceleration 
Notice, as agents of the Guarantor and do not assume in the framework of the Programme any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 275 ---
275 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. Any additional 
Paying Agent and its Specified Offices (if any) are specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer, and (where 
applicable) the Guarantor, reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying 
Agent and to appoint an additional or successor paying agent; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall at all times maintain a paying agent; and   
(b) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a paying agent in 
any particular place, the Issuer, and (where applicable) the Guarantor, shall maintain a paying agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
15 Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds or upon such terms 
as the Issuer may determine at the time of their issue. 
16 Notices 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli and/or 
by a common depository for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, shall be deemed to have been validly given if 
delivered to Monte Titoli and/or Euroclear and/or Clearstream for communication by them to the entitled 
accountholders and any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date on which it was delivered 
to Monte Titoli, Clearstream and Euroclear, as applicable.  
In addition, for so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of such 
exchange so require, any notice to the Covered Bondholders shall also be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving notice 
to Covered Bondholders if, in its opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market practice 
then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by which 
the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to the 
Covered Bondholders in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall require. 
17 Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and

--- Page 276 ---
276 
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
18 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
These Covered Bonds, these Conditions, the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Transaction Documents (save for the Swap Agreements, certain provisions of the Cash Management and 
Agency Agreement and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment which are governed by English law) 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation to 
the Covered Bonds, these Conditions and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders or their 
validity, interpretation or performance. 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of Law 130, the 
BoI Regulations and the MEF Decree.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1 
General 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme by BPER Banca 
S.p.A. (previously Banca popolare dell’Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) is created concurrently with the issue and 
subscription of the first Series of Covered Bonds and is governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
(the “Rules”). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered Bonds of whatever Tranche. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Conditions of the Covered Bonds of each Tranche issued by 
the Issuer. 
2 
Definitions and Interpretation 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
“Blocked Covered Bonds” means (i) the Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing 
System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, or (ii) in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, 
such Covered Bonds which have been blocked with the Registrar, for the purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying Agent 
and/or the Registrar a Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting. 
 “Block Voting Instruction” means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar, 
as the case may be: 
(a) 
in case of a Covered Bond issued in a dematerialised form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds have been blocked in 
an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian and will not be 
released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the notification to the Principal Paying Agent not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting (or, if 
the meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its resumption) of confirmation that the Covered Bonds are 
Blocked Covered Bonds and notification of the release thereof by the Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, certifying that specified Covered Bonds have been blocked with the 
Registrar and will not be released until the conclusion of the Meeting; 
(c) 
certifying that the Covered Bondholder, or the registered Holder in case of Covered Bonds issued in registered form, of 
the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person on its behalf has notified the Principal Paying Agent or 
the Registrar that the votes attributable to such Covered Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be 
put to the Meeting and that during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not 
be amended or revoked; 
(d) 
listing the total number of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing between those in respect of which 
instructions have been given to vote for, and against, each resolution; and 
(e) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions. 
 “Chairman” means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 6 (Chairman of the 
Meeting). 
“Covered Bondholder” means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds. 
“Event of Default” means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default, as the context requires.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast. 
“Holder” means, in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds and, in respect of the Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form, the ultimate registered owner of such Covered Bonds issued in registered form, as set out in the Register; 
“Liabilities” means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or demands, judgments, 
proceeding or other liabilities whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, levies and other charges) and 
including value added taxes or similar tax charged or chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity 
basis. 
“Meeting” means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an adjournment). 
“Monte Titoli Account Holder” means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli (and includes any relevant Clearing System which holds account with Monte Titoli or any 
depository banks appointed by the Relevant Clearing System). 
“Ordinary Resolution” means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions 
contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 per cent. of the votes cast. 
“Programme Resolution” means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all 
Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 12(b) 
(Effect of a Notice to Pay) and 12(d) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice), as applicable, or other similar Condition with reference to 
Covered Bonds issued in registered form. 
“Proxy” means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to vote under a Block 
Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Principal Paying Agent or the Registrar has 
been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting; 
and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and who has not been revoked 
to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s Investors Service Limited. 
“Register” means any register held by the Registrar for the purpose of recording payments and assignments of Covered Bonds 
issued in registered form. 
“Registered Paying Agent” means any institution appointed by the Issuer to act as paying agent in respect of the Covered Bonds 
issued in a registered form under the Programme. 
“Registrar” means any institution which may be appointed by the Issuer to act as registrar in respect of the Covered Bonds issued 
in registered form under the Programme, provided that, if the Issuer will keep the register and will not delegate such activity, any 
reference to the Registrar will be construed as a reference to the Issuer. 
“Resolutions” means the Ordinary Resolutions and the Extraordinary Resolutions, collectively. 
“Swap Rate” means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in the respective 
Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if the respective Swap Agreement has terminated, 
the applicable spot rate. 
“Transaction Party” means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document. 
“Voter” means, in relation to a Meeting, the Covered Bondholder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer of a Voting 
Certificate issued by the Principal Paying Agent or by a Registrar or a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction. 
“Voting Certificate” means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate requested by the interested Covered Bondholder and issued 
by the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian or by a Registrar, as the case may be, 
and dated, stating: 
(a) 
that the Blocked Covered Bonds have been blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli 
Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, and will not be released until the earlier of: (i) the conclusion 
of the Meeting and (ii) the surrender of the certificate to the clearing system or the Monte Titoli Account Holder or to the 
Registrar who issued the same;

--- Page 279 ---
279 
(b) 
details of the Meeting concerned and the number of the Blocked Covered Bonds; and 
(c) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect of the Blocked Covered Bonds.: 
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons holding or representing at least 
75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, whether contained in one document or several documents 
in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered Bondholders. 
“24 hours” means a period of 24 hours, including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business both in the place where 
any relevant Meeting is to be held and in the place where the Principal Paying Agent has its specified office or, in case of Covered 
Bonds issued in registered form, the Registrar has its specified office. 
“48 hours” means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used in these Rules 
shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the relevant Conditions. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
(a) 
any reference herein to an “Article” shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a reference to an Article 
of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
any reference to a “successor” of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title of such 
party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or domicile of such party has assumed the 
rights and obligations of such party under any Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and 
obligations have been transferred; and 
(c) 
any reference to any “Transaction Party” shall be construed so as to include its and any subsequent successors and 
transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate Series of Covered Bonds 
and, accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its absolute discretion shall otherwise 
determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) and 4 
(Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers to Act on 
Behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply, mutatis mutandis, separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. 
However, for the purposes of this Article 2.3: 
(a) 
Articles 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) and 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); and 
(b) 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders) 
to 4 (Convening a Meeting) and 27 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) to 34 (Powers 
to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall apply to all the Covered 
Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions “Covered Bonds” and “Covered 
Bondholders” shall be construed accordingly. 
3 
Purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder is a member of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders 
and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the interest of the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 280 ---
280 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4 
Convening a Meeting 
4.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may convene separate or single Meetings of the 
Covered Bondholders at any time and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing by Covered Bondholders representing at least one-tenth of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer or (in relation to a meeting for the passing of a 
Programme Resolution) the Covered Bondholders of any Series may at any time and the Issuer shall upon request in writing signed 
by the holders of not less than one-tenth of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding 
convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of seven days in convening such a 
meeting the same may be convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the relevant holder(s). The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the Covered Bondholders of more than one Series 
if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict between the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of the relevant Series, in which event the provisions of these Rules shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
4.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and the items to be included in the agenda. 
4.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
5 
Notice 
5.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days’ notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant Meeting is to be held), 
specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant Covered Bondholders, the Registrar and the 
Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, where the Meeting is convened by the 
Issuer subject to Article 4.2 (Meetings convened by Issuer). 
5.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without including the full text and shall state 
that the Voting Certificate for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance 
with the provisions of the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 20018, as amended from time 
to time. The notice shall specify the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how, according to these rules, 
Covered Bondholders may appoint Proxies, obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting Instructions and the details of the 
time limits applicable. 
With reference to the Covered Bonds issued in registered form, the notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed 
at the Meeting unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the 
resolution without including the full text and shall state that Covered Bond issued in registered form, may be blocked with the 
Registrar, or with any other entity authorised to do so by the Registrar, for the purposes of appointing Proxies under Block Voting 
Instructions until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting and that holders of Covered Bonds issued in registered form may 
also appoint Proxies either under a Block Voting Instruction by delivering written instructions to the Registrar or the Registered 
Paying Agent or by executing and delivering a form of Proxy to the Specified Office of the Registrar or the Registered Paying 
Agent, in either case until 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
5.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 5 are not complied with if the Covered Bondholders 
constituting the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote, are 
represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
6 
Chairman of the Meeting 
6.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
(a) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
(b) 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes of the time fixed for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which the Issuer shall appoint a 
Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was Chairman at the original Meeting. 
6.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the business of the Meeting, 
monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and determines the mode of voting. 
6.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist in any given matter, and 
may appoint one or more vote-counters, who are not required to be Covered Bondholders. 
7 
Quorum 
7.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
(a) 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant 
Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least one-third of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of 
the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons being or representing 
Covered Bondholders, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
(b) 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided below), one or more persons 
(including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered Bonds) holding or representing at least 50 per 
cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series for the time being outstanding or, 
at an adjourned Meeting, one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Covered 
Bonds) being or representing one-third of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series 
for the time being outstanding; or 
(c) 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in relation to a Programme 
Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), only be 
capable of being effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(i) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the method of calculating 
the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, where applicable, modification of the method of 
calculating the date of payment in respect of any principal or interest in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
(ii) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the relevant Series of Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(iii) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(iv) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Italian Deed of Pledge or the English Law Deed of Charge 
and Assignment (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders not to be 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series); 
(v) 
except in accordance with Articles 30 (Amendments and Modifications) and 31 (Waiver), the sanctioning of any 
such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the 
conversion of such relevant Series of Covered Bonds into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the 
Issuer or the Guarantor or any other person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(vi) 
alteration of this Article 7.1 (c), 
(each a “Series Reserved Matter”), one or more persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant 
Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing holders of not less two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more

--- Page 282 ---
282 
persons (including the Issuer if at that time it owns any of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds) being or representing 
not less than one third of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time 
being outstanding. 
7.2 
Adjournment for want of quorum 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes of the time fixed for any Meeting, then, 
without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a quorum is present: 
(a) 
if such Meeting was convened upon the request of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in any other case, the Meeting (unless the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders otherwise agree) shall be 
adjourned (i) until such date (which shall be not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days later) and to such place as 
the Chairman determines or (ii) on the date and at the place indicated in the notice convening the Meeting (if such notice 
sets out the date and place of any adjourned Meeting); provided, however, that, in any case: 
(i) 
a Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum; and 
(ii) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer and the Representative of the Bondholders together so decide. 
8 
Adjourned Meeting 
Without prejudice to Article 7 (Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, 
adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might 
have been transacted at the Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
9 
Notice following Adjournment 
9.1 
Notice required 
Article 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a quorum except that: 
(a) 
at least 10 days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on which the Meeting is to 
be resumed) shall be given; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the Meeting resumes; and 
(c) 
it shall not be necessary to give notice of the convening of an adjourned Meeting (i) if the notice given in respect of the 
first Meeting already sets the time and place for an adjourned Meeting and specifies the quorum requirements which will 
apply when the Meeting resumes; or (ii) if the Meeting has been adjourned for any other reason. 
9.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give notice of resumption of 
any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 7 (Quorum). 
10 
Participation 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(c) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(d) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
(f) 
any other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
11 
Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions 
11.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting the Relevant Clearing System, the 
Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian, as the case may be, to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation 
issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
11.2 
A Covered Bondholder may require the Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging for their Covered 
Bonds to be blocked in an account with the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian 
at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting, providing to the Principal Paying Agent, where appropriate, 
evidence that the Covered Bonds are so blocked. The Covered Bondholders may obtain such evidence by, inter alia, requesting 
the Relevant Clearing System, the Monte Titoli Account Holder or the relevant custodian to release a certificate in accordance 
with, as the case may be: (i) the practices and procedures of the Relevant Clearing System; or (ii) articles 21 and 22 of the regulation 
issued by the Bank of Italy and CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. 
11.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
11.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate) or any 
Proxy named therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Blocked Covered Bonds 
to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting.  
11.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Covered Bond. 
11.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual practices (including 
blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
11.7 
Any registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by arranging (to the satisfaction of the 
Registrar) for the related Covered Bonds issued in registered form to be blocked with the Registrar not later than 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. The registered Holder may require the Registrar to issue a Block Voting Instruction by 
delivering to the Registrar written instructions not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. Any registered 
Holder may obtain an uncompleted and unexecuted Form of Proxy from the Registrar. A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
until the release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. A Form of Proxy and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be 
outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Bond. 
12 
Validity of Block Voting Instructions and Voting Certificates 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate shall be valid for the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the 
Specified Offices of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the Registrar, as the case may be, or at any other place approved by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid unless the Chairman decides otherwise before 
the Meeting proceeds to business. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory evidence of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy named 
therein shall be produced at the Meeting but the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity 
of a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or Covered Bondholder named therein. 
13 
Voting by Show of Hands 
13.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of hands. 
13.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman’s declaration that on a show of 
hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be 
conclusive without proof of the number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. 
14 
Voting by Poll 
14.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or any one or more Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds held or represented 
by such Voter. A poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as is decided by the Chairman but any poll demanded 
on the election of a Chairman or on any question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not 
prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the resolution 
of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the taking of the poll. 
14.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a time limit by 
which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms specified by the Chairman shall be null and

--- Page 284 ---
284 
void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted and, after the counting, the Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome 
of the vote. 
15 
Votes 
15.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 in principal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by the Voting 
Certificate produced by such Voter or in respect of which he is a Proxy or such other amount as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds 
denominated in another currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
in its absolute discretion may stipulate). 
15.2 
Block Voting Instruction and Voting Certificate 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a Proxy, a Voter shall not be 
obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he exercises the same way. 
15.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
16 
Voting by Proxy 
16.1 
Validity 
Any vote cast by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate appointing a Proxy shall 
be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to which it has been given had 
been amended or revoked, provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Registrar or the 
Chairman has been notified in writing by the Principal Paying Agent of such amendment or revocation at least 24 hours prior to 
the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
16.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in relation to a Meeting shall 
remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment, save that no such appointment of a Proxy 
in relation to, exclusively, the meeting originally convened and which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall remain in 
force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a 
Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed. 
17 
Resolutions 
17.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable by Ordinary 
Resolution: 
(a) 
To grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, is required to 
be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not 
required to be the subject of an Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(b) 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
17.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution 
to: 
(a) 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of them;

--- Page 285 ---
285 
(b) 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under 
the Transaction Documents or otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer or the Guarantor under or in respect of the Covered Bonds, which, 
in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and/or 
any other party thereto; 
(c) 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents which shall be proposed by the 
Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
(d) 
in accordance with Article 25 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(e) 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders from any 
liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has or may become 
liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
(f) 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the Conditions, must be granted 
by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(g) 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in compliance with these Rules, the 
Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction Document; 
(h) 
waive any breach or authorised any proposed breached by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other party of its obligations 
under or in respect of these Rules, or waive the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, a Guarantor Event of Default 
or a breach of test, and direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to suspend the delivery of the relevant 
Notice to Pay, Acceleration Notice, or Breach of Test Notice; 
(i) 
to appoint any person (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise 
by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(j) 
authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all documents and do all things 
necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(k) 
in case of failure or request by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to send a Notice to Pay, Acceleration 
Notice or Breach of Test Notice, direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to deliver such notice as a result 
of an Issuer Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Issuer Events of Default) or an Acceleration Notice as a result 
of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 10(c) (Guarantor Events of Default). 
17.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
take steps and/or institute proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor pursuant to Conditions 12(b) (Effect of a Notice to Pay) 
and 12(d) (Effect of an Acceleration Notice), as applicable. 
17.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (other than a Programme Resolution which shall be passed by the Holders 
of all the Series of Covered Bonds then outstanding) that is passed by the Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective 
in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as 
the case may be) of the Holders of Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
18 
Effect of Resolutions 
18.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 17.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the Covered Bondholders duly 
convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all Covered Bondholders, whether or not present at such 
Meeting and/or not voting. A Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall 
be binding on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting and/or not voting. 
18.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be published (at the cost of the 
Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Registrar 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the conclusion of each Meeting).

--- Page 286 ---
286 
19 
Challenge to Resolutions 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in compliance with the provisions 
of these Rules. 
20 
Minutes 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by the Issuer for that purpose. 
The minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the 
contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly 
convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
21 
Written Resolution 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters required to be determined by 
Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
22 
Individual Actions and Remedies 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 13 (Limited Recourse and Non-Petition), clause 4 
(Exercise of rights and subrogation) and clause 11 (Limited Recourse) of the Covered Bond Guarantee and clause 10 (Exercise of Certain 
Rights) and clause 14 (Limited Recourse) of the Intercreditor Agreement and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering 
bringing individual actions or using other individual remedies to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds and the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, any such action or remedy shall be subject to a Meeting passing an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to such individual 
action or other remedy on the grounds that it is consistent with such Condition. In this respect, the following provisions shall apply: 
(a) 
the Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders of his/her intention; 
(b) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will, without delay, call a Meeting in accordance with these Rules (including, for 
the avoidance of doubt, Article 23.1 (Choice of Meeting); 
(c) 
if the Meeting passes an Extraordinary Resolution consenting to the enforcement of the individual action or remedy, the Covered 
Bondholder will be permitted to take such action or remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, 
the same matter may be resubmitted for review at another Meeting); and 
(d) 
if the Meeting of Covered Bondholders does not consent to an individual action or remedy, the Covered Bondholder will be 
prohibited from taking such individual action or remedy. 
23 
Meetings and Separate Series 
23.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one Series, the foregoing provisions 
of these Rules shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
(a) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of only 
one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that 
Series; 
(b) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series 
so affected shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds 
of all the Series so affected; 
(c) 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the Covered Bonds of more 
than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series 
or group of Series so affected and the holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall 
be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered Bonds of each 
Series or group of Series so affected; 
(d) 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series; and

--- Page 287 ---
287 
(e) 
to all such meetings, all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall apply, mutatis mutandis, as though references 
therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the Covered Bonds of the Series or group of 
Series in question or to the holders of such Covered Bonds, as the case may be. 
23.2 
Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the case of any Meeting or 
request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one currency (whether in respect of the meeting 
or any such adjourned Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or any such request or Written Resolution), the Outstanding 
Principal Balance of such Covered Bonds shall be the equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any 
poll each person present shall have one vote for each Euro 1,000 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered Bonds (converted as 
above) which he holds or represents. 
24 
Further Regulations 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, without the consent of the 
Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a 
Written Resolution as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
25 
Appointment, Removal and Remuneration 
25.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders in accordance with the provisions of this Article 25, except for the appointment of the first Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. appointed under the Programme Agreement. 
25.2 
Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Save for Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., as first Representative of the Covered Bondholders under the Programme, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
(a) 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any other jurisdiction acting 
through an Italian branch; or 
(b) 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant to article 106 of the 
Banking Act; or 
(c) 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor and those who fall within the conditions set out in article 2399 of the 
Italian civil code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, they shall be 
automatically removed. 
25.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Extraordinary Resolution of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to Article 17.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions) or resigns pursuant to Article 26 (Resignation of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
25.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for any reason whatsoever, 
such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the Covered Bondholders, which shall be an entity 
specified in Article 25.2 (Identity of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and 
authority of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance 
of its appointment by the substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in connection with 
the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 288 ---
288 
25.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer and, following the delivery of a Notice to Pay, the Guarantor shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
an annual fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the initial 
agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees shall accrue from day to 
day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) 
the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the 
Conditions. Such fees may be increased, in accordance with the provisions of the Programme Agreement, in the event that the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders undertakes duties of exceptional nature. 
26 
Resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar months’ written notice to the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred 
as a result of such resignation. The resignation of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 25.1 (Appointment) and such new Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that, if Covered Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders within three months of written notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 25.2 (Identity of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
27 
Duties and Powers of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
27.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders and 
has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to protect the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
27.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible for implementing 
all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right to convene and attend 
Meetings (together with its advisers at the Issuer’s expenses, provided that such expenses are reasonably incurred and duly 
documented) to propose any course of action which it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
27.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities vested in it by these 
Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
(a) 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
and 
(b) 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by power of attorney or 
otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions 
or authorities vested in it as aforesaid. 
Any such delegation may be made upon such conditions and subject to such regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not, other than in the normal course of its business, be bound to supervise the acts or proceedings of 
such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any 
misconduct, omission or default on the part of such delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall use all reasonable care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions 
given by it to such delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination of such appointment, 
and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any sub-delegate as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
27.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in any 
judicial proceedings, including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor.

--- Page 289 ---
289 
27.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and any other Transaction 
Document may be given on such terms as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given 
retrospectively. 
27.6 
Discretions 
Save as otherwise expressly provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have absolute discretion as to 
the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these 
Rules or by operation of law. 
27.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled to exercise its discretion 
hereunder (including, but not limited, to forming any opinion in connection with the exercise or non exercise of any discretion), 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to 
obtain the Covered Bondholders’ instructions as to how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as 
specified in Article 28.2 (Specific limitations). 
27.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine whether or not a default in the performance by the Issuer or the 
Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be 
remedied, and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of 
being remedied, such certificate, subject to the passing of any Extraordinary Resolution under Article 17.2 paragraph (h), shall be 
conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the Guarantor and any other party to the 
Transaction Documents. 
28 
Exoneration of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
28.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition to those expressly 
provided herein and in the Transaction Documents. 
28.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of this Article 28.2 (Specific limitations), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
(a) 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event 
of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of which would cause a right or remedy to become 
exercisable by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has 
occurred and, until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, 
it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or such other event, condition 
or act has occurred; 
(b) 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until 
it shall have actual knowledge or express notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are duly observing 
and performing all their respective obligations; 
(c) 
shall not be under any obligation to disclose (unless and to the extent so required under the Conditions, the terms of any 
Transaction Documents or by applicable law) to any Covered Bondholders or other Secured Creditor or any other party, 
any information (including, without limitation, information of a confidential, financial or price sensitive nature) made 
available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, the Guarantor or any other person in respect of 
the Cover Pool or, more generally, of the Programme and no Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to take any action to 
obtain from the Representative of the Covered Bondholders any such information; 
(d) 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under any obligation to give notice 
to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
(e) 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, suitability or genuineness of these 
Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be

--- Page 290 ---
290 
created hereby or thereby or pursuant hereto or thereto, nor shall be responsible for assessing any breach or alleged breach 
by the Issuer, the Guarantor and any other Party to the transaction, and (without prejudice to the generality of the 
foregoing) it shall not have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any way 
be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, certificate, valuation or 
investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or obtained at any time in connection herewith; 
(iii) 
the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the Servicer or compliance 
therewith; 
(iv) 
the failure by the Guarantor to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other authorisation in connection 
with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Servicer, the Account Banks, 
and the Corporate Servicer and the Principal Paying Agent or any other person in respect of the Cover Pool or 
the Covered Bonds; 
(f) 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds or 
the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
(g) 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by any credit or rating agency 
or any other person; 
(h) 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, statement, warranty, representation 
or covenant by any party other than the Representative of the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction 
Document or any certificate, document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof; 
(i) 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring registration or filing of or 
otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction Document; 
(j) 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure in the right or title of the 
Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof, whether such defect or failure was 
known to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or 
whether capable of being remedied or not; 
(k) 
shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Receivables contained in the Cover Pool 
or any part thereof; 
(l) 
shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or any part thereof provided 
by any person; 
(m) 
shall not be responsible for or have any liability with respect to any loss or damage arising from the realisation of the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(n) 
shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or verifying any determination or 
calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or any Transaction Document; 
(o) 
shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
(p) 
shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, 
authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests 
of the Covered Bondholders of each Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests 
arising from circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in particular but 
without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for individual Covered Bondholders 
(whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, 
or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or taxing authority, and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders shall not be entitled to require, nor shall any Covered Bondholders be entitled to claim, from the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person, any indemnification or payment in respect 
of any tax consequence of any such exercise upon individual Covered Bondholders; 
(q) 
shall not, if, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is of the opinion that the 
interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise

--- Page 291 ---
291 
such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution 
or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders of not less than 75 per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
(r) 
shall, as regards to the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Transaction Documents, except where 
expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the 
Guarantor but if, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their 
interests, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(s) 
may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion vested in it under these Rules 
or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it 
has been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims 
and demands which might be brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as 
a result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall require the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of 
its duties or the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment 
of such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably assured, provided that 
the Representative of the Bondholders shall be indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction beforehand if it so requests 
in conjunction with the exercise of any right, power, authority or discretion hereunder; and 
(t) 
shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities directly or indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, 
any Covered Bondholders or any other Secured Creditors or any other person which may result from anything done or 
omitted to be done by it in accordance with the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents except insofar as 
the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.3 
Security 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to exercise all the rights granted by the Guarantor in favour of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors under the 
security for the discharge of the Secured Amount, created by the Guarantor on or around the Initial Issue Date, pursuant the Italian 
Deed of Pledge and the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment (the “Security”). 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the other Secured Creditors, 
may: 
(a) 
prior to enforcement of the Security, appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Covered Bondholders and the 
other Secured Creditors’ interest and on their behalf, any amounts deriving from the Security and may instruct, jointly 
with the Guarantor, the obligors whose obligations form part of the Security to make any payments to be made thereunder 
to an Account of the Guarantor; 
(b) 
acknowledge that the Accounts to which payments have been made in respect of the Security shall be deposit accounts 
for the purpose of article 2803 of the Italian civil code and agree that such Accounts shall be operated in compliance with 
the provisions of the Cash Management and Agency Agreement and the Intercreditor Agreement; and 
(c) 
agree that all funds credited to the Accounts from time to time shall be applied prior to enforcement of the Security, in 
accordance with the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the 
collection, withdrawal or application of, cash deriving from time to time from the Security, except in accordance with the 
foregoing, the Conditions and the Intercreditor Agreement. 
28.4 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, at any given time, held 
by or for the benefit of the Issuer. 
28.5 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything which may be illegal or 
contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks in the performance of any of its duties, or in 
the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action 
which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any 
state, or if it has reasonable grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be

--- Page 292 ---
292 
indemnified against any loss or liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
29 
Reliance on Information 
29.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any written information 
obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, tax adviser, credit or rating agency or other expert, whether obtained by 
the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss 
occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail 
or fax transmission and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, 
certificate or information purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic. 
29.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept as sufficient evidence: 
(a) 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s knowledge, a certificate duly signed by a director 
of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; and 
(b) 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor to the effect that any 
particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further evidence or be responsible 
for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate unless any of its officers in charge of the administration 
of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
29.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution purporting to be a Written 
Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have been made and signed or a direction of the 
requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may subsequently be found that there was some defect in the 
constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the 
resolution purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid 
or binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
29.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may fully rely on the 
certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation issued jointly by the Bank of Italy and 
CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as amended from time to time, which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified 
therein. 
29.5 
Clearing Systems or Registrar 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient evidence of the facts 
stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed on behalf of such clearing system or 
Registrar, as the case may be, as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or any form of record 
made by any clearing system or Registrar, as the case may be, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any particular 
period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number of Covered Bonds. 
29.6 
Rating Agency 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, 
duty or discretion under or in relation to these Rules, that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders of any Series or of all Series for the time being outstanding if the Rating Agency has confirmed that the 
then current rating of the Covered Bonds of any such Series or all such Series (as the case may be) would not be adversely affected 
by such exercise, have otherwise given their consent or have otherwise informed the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
that they will not take an adverse rating action as a result of the exercise by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any 
of its powers, authorities, duties or discretions hereunder. 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary 
to obtain the views of the Rating Agency as to how a specific act would affect any outstanding rating of the Covered Bonds, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may inform the Issuer, which will then obtain such views at its expense on behalf of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may seek and obtain such 
views itself at the cost of the Issuer.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
29.7 
Certificates of parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the Guarantor to call for 
and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or 
any other Transaction Document: 
(a) 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for under the Conditions or any 
Transaction Document; 
(b) 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
(c) 
as to such party’s opinion with respect to any issue, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect of the relevant fact, 
matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a result of having failed to do so unless 
any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
29.8 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any auditors’ report or 
certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
30 
Amendments and Modifications 
30.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and without the consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders 
concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other relevant parties in making any amendment and modification (and for 
this purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may disregard whether any such amendment and modification relates 
to a Series Reserved Matter): 
(a) 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, it may be proper to make and will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series and the Secured Creditors; and 
(b) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or, 
which, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is made to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or an error which is proven or is 
necessary or desirable for the purposes of clarification or to comply with mandatory provisions of law; and 
(c) 
to these Rules, the Conditions or the other Transaction Documents which is required or opportune for the purposes of 
complying with a change in law or in the interpretation or administration of the MEF Decree, the Law 130, the BoI 
Regulations or any guidelines issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
30.2 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such condition (if any) as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders determines and shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders 
in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices) as soon as practicable thereafter. 
30.3 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the Guarantor and any other party in 
making any of the above-mentioned modifications if it is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution and only if it is indemnified 
and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable or which it 
may incur by so doing. 
30.4 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error has occurred as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may have regard to any 
evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it appropriate to rely and may, but shall not be obliged 
to, have regard to any of the following: 
(a) 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any way inconsistent with 
such stated intention; and 
(iii) 
stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Documents that is required to reflect such intention; and

--- Page 294 ---
294 
(b) 
confirmation from Moody’s that, after giving effect to such modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the 
same credit ratings as those assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31 
Waiver 
31.1 
Waiver of breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at any time and from time to time without any consent or sanction of the 
Covered Bondholders and without prejudice to its rights in respect of any subsequent breach, condition, event or act, but only if, 
and insofar as, in its opinion the interests of the Covered Bondholders then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
(a) 
authorise or waive, on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as it may decide, any proposed breach or breach 
of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee or any of the obligations of or rights 
against the Guarantor under any other Transaction Documents; or 
(b) 
determine that any Event of Default shall not be treated as such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents. 
31.2 
Binding nature 
Any authorisation, waiver or determination referred to in this Article 31 (Waiver) shall be binding on the Covered Bondholders. 
31.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 31 in contravention 
of any express direction by an Extraordinary Resolution of the holders of the Covered Bonds then outstanding or of a request or 
direction in writing made by the holders of not less than 75 per cent. in aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the Covered 
Bonds (in the case of any such determination, with the Covered Bonds of all Series taken together as a single Series as aforesaid) 
and at all times then only if it shall be indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to 
which it may thereby render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing but so that no such direction or request: 
(a) 
shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made; or 
(b) 
authorise or waive any such proposed breach or breach relating to a Series Reserved Matter unless holders of Covered 
Bonds of each such Series has, by Extraordinary Resolution, so authorised its exercise. 
31.4 
Notice of waiver 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders agrees otherwise, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, waiver or 
determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Secured Creditors, as soon as practicable after it has been given 
or made in accordance with Condition 16 (Notices). 
32 
Indemnity 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has covenanted and undertaken to reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis) 
upon demand, to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, losses, charges, 
expenses, damages, actions, proceedings, claims and demands duly documented and properly incurred by or made against the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, including, but not limited to, legal expenses, and any stamp, issue, registration, documentary 
and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings 
brought or contemplated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or 
any other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents except insofar as the same 
are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders. 
33 
Liability 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for any act, matter 
or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bonds or the Rules except in relation to 
its own fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo).

--- Page 295 ---
295 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE 
OF AN ACCELERATION NOTICE 
34 
Powers to Act on Behalf of the Guarantor 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon the service of an Acceleration Notice or, prior to the service of an Acceleration Notice, failing the 
Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement and the Mandate Agreement, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall 
be entitled (also in the interests of the Secured Creditors) pursuant to articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian civil code, to exercise certain 
rights in relation to the Cover Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, to exercise, in the name 
and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, any and all of the Guarantor’s Rights under certain 
Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
35 
Governing Law 
These Rules and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection with, them are governed by, and will be construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
36 
Jurisdiction 
The Courts of Milan will have exclusive jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 296 ---
296 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]46 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the 
“UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) / [MiFID 
II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
 
46 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction 
should be specified to be “Applicable”.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Covered Bonds] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Covered Bonds] is eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[Covered Bonds] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Covered Bonds] (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the [Covered Bonds] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company 
(società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company in the Republic of Italy) 
under the Euro 7,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the “Conditions”) 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 12 November 2021 which constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the OBG described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must be read in conjunction 
with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, the Guarantor and the offer of 
the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and 
the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus[, including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available 
for viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. These Final Terms will be 
published on website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.). [When completing any final terms 
consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and

--- Page 298 ---
298 
consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
1 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[●] 
(ii) Tranche Number:  
[●] 
2 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[●]  
3 
Aggregate Nominal Amount:  
[●]  
 
(i) 
Series:  
[●]  
 
(ii) Tranche:  
[●]  
4 
Issue Price:  
[●] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount  
5 
(i) 
Specified Denominations:  
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of [●] in addition to the 
said sum of € [1,000]] (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is Euro 
100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower principal 
amount)  
 
(ii) Calculation Amount:  
[●]  
6 
(iii) Issue Date:  
[●]  
 
(iv) Interest Commencement Date:  
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable]  
7 
Maturity Date:  
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) CB 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month 
and year]  
8 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee:  
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds) CB Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] (as referred to in Condition 7(b)) 
9 
Interest Basis:  
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate]  
 
 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent. Floating 
Rate]  
 
 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 6)] 
 
 
 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in items [15] / [16] / [17] 
below)]  
10 
Redemption/Payment Basis:  
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
par (as referred to in Condition 7(a))] / [Subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Instalment 
Covered Bonds will be redeemed at par on the payment 
dates and the relevant amounts specified in item [23] / 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [[●] (insert an amount

--- Page 299 ---
299 
above 100%)/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount.] (as 
referred to in Condition 7(j)) 
11 
Change of Interest Basis:  
[Not Applicable] / [●] (insert details of the interest basis 
applicable)  
12 
Put/Call Options:  
[Not Applicable]  
 
 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 7(f))]  
 
 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 7(d))]  
 
 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] below)]  
13 
[Date of [Board] approval for issuance 
of Covered Bonds [and of receipt of 
Covered Bond Guarantee]:  
[●] [and [●]], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation 
is required for the particular Tranche of Covered Bonds or 
related Covered Bond Guarantee)] 
14 
Method of distribution:  
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]  
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable  
15 
Fixed Rate Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 4) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear]  
 
(ii) CB Payment Date(s):  
[●] in each year [adjusted in accordance with [Following 
Business Day Convention] / [FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business 
Day Convention] / [Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(specify Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
“Business Day”) / [not adjusted]  
 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iv) Broken Amount(s):  
[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the CB Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]  
 
(v) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
16 
Floating Rate Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 5) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
CB Interest Period(s):  
[●]

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
(ii) Specified Period:  
[●] 
(Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are alternatives. 
A Specified Period, rather than CB Payment Dates, will 
only be relevant if the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention. Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”)  
 
(iii) CB Payment Dates:  
[●] (Specified Period and CB Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention, insert “Not Applicable”)  
 
(iv) First CB Payment Date:  
[●]  
 
(v) Business Day Convention:  
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention]  
 
(vi) Additional Business Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre]  
 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined:  
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]  
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent):  
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
[For example, LIBOR or EURIBOR]  
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s):  
[●]  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page:  
[For example, Reuters LIBOR 01/EURIBOR 01]  
 
 
Relevant Time:  
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time]  
 
 
Relevant Financial 
Centre:  
[For example, Luxembourg/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro)]  
 
(x) ISDA Determination:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option:  
[●]  
 
 
Designated Maturity:  
[●]  
 
 
Reset Date:  
[●]  
 
(xi) Margin(s):  
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest:  
[●] per cent. per annum  
 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction:  
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/ 
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/ 
Actual/360/30/360/ 
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/ 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
17 
Zero Coupon Provisions  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in Condition 6) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield:  
[●] per cent. per annum  
 
(ii) Reference Price:  
[●]  
Provisions Relating to Redemption  
18 
Call Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of Covered:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) If redeemable in part:  
 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
Maximum Redemption Amount:  
[[●] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]  
 
(iv) Notice period:  
[●]  
19 
Put Option  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph)  
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●]  
 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Covered Bonds:  
[●] per Calculation Amount  
 
(iii) Notice period:  
[●]  
20 
Final Redemption Amount  
[] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any Series of 
Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
shall be equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
Covered Bonds) 
21 
Early Redemption Amount  
[Not Applicable/ [] per Calculation Amount] (as referred 
to in Condition 7)  
 
Early redemption amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount

--- Page 302 ---
302 
acceleration following a Guarantor 
Event of Default: 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from the 
principal amount of the Covered Bonds)  
General Provisions Applicable To The Covered Bonds  
22 
Additional Financial Centre(s):  
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre] 
 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place of 
payment, and not interest period end dates, to which sub 
paragraphs 15(ii) and 16 (vi) relate]  
23 
Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which principal is repayable in 
instalments: amount of each instalment, 
date on which each payment is to be 
made:  
[Not Applicable/insert amount of each instalment, date on 
which each payment is to be made] 
 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is 
able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render 
the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
BPER BANCA S.P.A. 
 
By: ........................................................  
Duly authorised 
 
Signed on behalf of 
ESTENSE COVERED BOND S.r.l. 
 
By: ........................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 303 ---
303 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
37 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(ii) Admission to trading:  
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/specify other regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.]  
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading: 
[●] 
38 
Ratings 
Ratings:  
[not applicable] 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated:  
 
[Moody’s: [●]]  
 
[[Other]: [●]]  
 
[●](Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”). [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European

--- Page 304 ---
304 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) 
and the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is not 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the “UK CRA Regulation”). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and [is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”).] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”).] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 305 ---
305 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom.) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK [but the rating it has given to the Covered 
Bonds to be issued under the Programme is endorsed 
by [[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
“CRA Regulation”)][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
“UK 
CRA 
Regulation”)]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA 
Regulation”)][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”] 
/ [and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the “CRA Regulation”) or 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK 
CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to the 
Covered Bonds is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
which is certified under the CRA Regulation. In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is

--- Page 306 ---
306 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the United Kingdom and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
39 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer.  
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus 
under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
40 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds: 
[●] 
Estimated net amounts of proceeds: 
[●] 
Estimated expenses in relation to the 
admission to trading: 
[●] (Include breakdown of expenses)] 
41 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
Indication of yield:  
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
 
42 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates 
[Details of historic [LIBOR/EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [●] on the screen page [●]] 
/ [Not Applicable]. 
Benchmarks 
[Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided by 
[●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks 
established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 
36 of the Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011) (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [●] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if

--- Page 307 ---
307 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
43 
Distribution 
(i) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
(ii) 
Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of other 
contractual arrangement to subscribe the Covered 
Bonds: 
[Not Applicable / [●]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, “Not Applicable” should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
“packaged” products and no KID will be prepared 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products 
and 
a 
key 
information document will be prepared in the UK, 
“Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds 
may 
constitute 
“packaged” 
products, 
“Applicable” should be specified.) 
44 
Operational Information 
ISIN Code:  
[●]  
Common Code:  
[●]  
[CFI: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable] 
FISN: 
[[●] as set out on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable]] [TBD IF REQUIRED] 
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other than Monte 
Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and 
[Not Applicable / [_____].]

--- Page 308 ---
308 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme and the 
relevant identification number(s):  
Address of any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A., Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Delivery:  
Delivery [against/free of] payment.  
Names and Specified Offices of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Calculation Agent(s) (if any):  
[●]  
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (if 
any): 
[●] 
Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held 
in a form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility 
(i.e. issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) and wholly and exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-
bis of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree) 
and does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]

--- Page 309 ---
309 
KEY FEATURES OF REGISTERED COVERED BONDS (NAMENSSCHULD 
VERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may issue, under the Programme, German law governed covered bonds in registered form 
(Namensschuld verschreibungen) (the “Registered Covered Bonds”), each issued with a minimum 
denomination indicated in the applicable terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds (the 
“Registered CB Conditions”). 
The Registered Covered Bonds shall be governed by a set of legal documentation in the form from time to time 
agreed with the relevant Dealer and will not be governed by the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus. Such 
legal documentation will comprise the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the form of assignment agreement, 
attached to the Registered CB Conditions, to be used for any subsequent transfer of the Registered Covered 
Bonds (the “Assignment Agreement”), the related Registered Covered Bonds rules of organisation agreement, 
in the form from time to time agreed with the relevant Dealer, pursuant to which the holders of the Registered 
Covered Bonds will (a) agree to be bound by the terms of the Transaction Documents and (b) undertake to 
comply with the obligations, limitations and other covenants as to the exercise of certain rights in accordance 
with the principles set out in the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders (the “Registered CB 
Rules Agreement”) and the letter of appointment of (i) any additional paying agent in respect of the Registered 
Covered Bonds (the “Registered Paying Agent”) and (ii) the registrar in respect of the Registered Covered 
Bonds (the “Registrar”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will be entitled to enter into a different or 
additional set of documentation as agreed with the relevant Dealer in relation to a specific issue of Registered 
Covered Bonds. 
The relevant Registered Covered Bonds, together with the related Registered CB Conditions attached thereto, 
the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and any other document expressed to govern such Registered 
Covered Bonds, will constitute the full terms and conditions of the relevant Registered Covered Bonds.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, 
guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee with limited recourse to the 
Available Funds. The Registered Covered Bonds will rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves and the Covered Bonds, except in respect of the applicable maturity of each Tranche of the Covered 
Bonds and the Registered Covered Bonds (as applicable), and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at 
least equally with all other present and future unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the 
same maturity of each Series of Registered Covered Bonds or Tranche of Covered Bonds, from time to time 
outstanding. 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and the MEF Decree and with the terms and 
conditions of the relevant Registered CB Rules Agreement and the Transaction Documents, the holders of 
Registered Covered Bonds shall have recourse to the Issuer and to the Guarantor, provided, however, that 
recourse to the Guarantor shall be limited to the Available Funds and the assets comprised in the Cover Pool, 
subject to, and in accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments.  
The payment obligations under all the Registered Covered Bonds and the Covered Bonds issued from time to 
time shall be cross-collateralised by all the assets included in the Cover Pool, through the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market and will not be settled 
through a clearing system. Registered Covered Bonds will be issued in registered form (nominativi) as 
Namensschuld verschreibungen and will not be dematerialised.

--- Page 310 ---
310 
The Registered Covered Bonds will be governed by the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany, save that, in 
any case, certain provisions (including those relating to status, limited recourse of the Registered Covered Bonds 
and those applicable to the Issuer and the Cover Pool) shall be governed by Italian law.  
In connection with the Registered Covered Bonds, references in this Base Prospectus to information being set 
out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise provided for in the applicable Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to such information being set out, specified, stated, shown, indicated or otherwise 
provided in the relevant Registered CB Conditions, the Registered CB Rules Agreement relating thereto or any 
other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered Bonds and, as applicable, each other reference to 
Final Terms in the Base Prospectus shall be construed and read as a reference to such Registered CB Conditions, 
the Registered CB Rules Agreement thereto or any other document expressed to govern such Registered Covered 
Bonds. 
A transfer of Registered Covered Bonds shall not be effective until the transferee has delivered to the Registrar 
a duly executed Assignment Agreement. A transfer can only occur for the minimum denomination indicated in 
the applicable Registered CB Conditions or multiples thereof. Approval by the CSSF relates only to the Covered 
Bonds and does not include the Registered Covered Bonds.

--- Page 311 ---
311 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force (and practice in effect) in Italy as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes 
could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following is a general overview of current Italian law and practice relating to certain Italian tax matters 
concerning the purchase, ownership and disposal of the Covered Bonds. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, 
purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences 
applicable to all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. 
Tax treatment of the Covered Bonds 
Decree 239, as subsequently amended, provides for the applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of 
interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the redemption amount and the issue 
price, hereinafter collectively referred to as “Interest”) from notes issued, inter alia, by Italian banks, falling 
within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni). For 
this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and do not attribute to the holders any direct or 
indirect right to control or participate to the management of the Issuer. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected (unless the individual has opted for the application of the 
“risparmio gestito” regimes – see “Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-commercial partnership (other than a 
società in nome colettivo or società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (c) a non-commercial 
private or public institution, or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, Interest relating 
to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to 
as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
In the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) or (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax payment. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited 
partnership qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private or public 
institutions carrying out commercial activities and holding the Covered Bonds in connection with this kind of 
activities) or a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are 
effectively connected and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest, from the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered 
Bondholder’s annual income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”)

--- Page 312 ---
312 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also to regional tax on 
productive activities (“IRAP”)). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, 
converted into Law. No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, as amended, 
payments of Interest in respect of the Covered Bonds (deposited with an authorised intermediary) made to 
Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to Article 37 of Financial Law, as amended 
and supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate investment 
companies with fixed capital (“Real Estate SICAFs” and, together with the Italian resident real estate 
investment funds, the “Real Estate Funds”), are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income 
tax in the hands of the Real Estate Funds, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate 
Funds is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or a closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital) or a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital) established 
in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a 
regulatory authority (the “Fund”), and the relevant Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, 
Interest accrued during the holding period on the Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but 
must be included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will 
not be subject to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent. will apply, in certain 
circumstances, to distributions and/or redemption made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest  relating to the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (“SIMs”), 
fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stock exchange agents and other entities 
identified by a Decree of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently 
amended and integrated.  
An Intermediary must: (a) be resident in Italy or be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
financial intermediary and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Covered 
Bonds. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any 
assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the 
relevant Covered Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary or entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder or, absent that, 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 313 ---
313 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that  
the non-Italian resident (a) is the beneficial owner of the payment of interest, premiums or other income received 
under the Covered Bonds, (b) is resident, for tax purposes, in a country or territory which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy as currently listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, and possibly further amended by future decrees issued pursuant to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 
239 (the “White List”); and (c) all the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree No. 239 and in the 
relevant implementation rules, as subsequently amended, in order to benefit from the exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva are met or complied with in due time. 
Decree No. 239 also provides for additional exemptions from imposta sostitutiva for payments of interest 
premiums or other income in respect of the Covered Bonds made to (a) an international body or entity set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (b) a Central bank or an 
entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (c) an institutional investor 
incorporated in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer in its own 
country. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-resident investors must be the beneficial owners of payments of interest, 
premium or other income and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds, the coupons with a bank or 
a SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident bank or SIM or with a non-resident operator of a 
clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree No. 239 and which are in 
contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (b) file in due time with the relevant 
depositary, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder, to be provided only once, until revoked or withdrawn, in which the Covered Bondholder declares 
to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not 
requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy or in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage the official reserves 
of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
Failure of a non-resident Covered Bondholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 
No. 239 and in the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
payments of interest, premium or other income made to a non-resident Covered Bondholder. 
Should the above exemptions not be applicable, non-Italian resident Covered Bondholder may be entitled to 
claim, if certain relevant conditions are met, a reduction of the 26 per cent imposta sostitutiva under the double 
taxation treaty, if any, between Italy and its State country of residence, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation. 
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to Interest from the Covered Bonds may be subject to a provisional withholding tax at a rate of 26 per 
cent pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 September 1973, as subsequently amended. In case of 
payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax may be applied at 26 per cent as a 
final tax. 
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax.

--- Page 314 ---
314 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident guarantor will be 
treated, in certain circumstances, as a payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime 
described in the previous paragraphs of this section. 
Atypical Securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) pursuant to Article 44 of Decree 
917 may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. 
Where the Covered Bondholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity, (c) a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign entity to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution and trusts, such withholding 
tax applies as a provisional withholding tax. In all other cases the withholding tax is levied as a final withholding 
tax.  
Double taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax in case of payments to non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, subject to proper compliance 
with relevant subjective and procedural requirements. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 (enti di 
previdenza obbligatoria) may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on 
Interest relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds not falling within the category of  bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and qualify as titoli atipici 
(“atypical securities”) pursuant to Article 5 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, if such Covered 
Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets 
the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds would be treated as 
part of the taxable income subject to income tax in Italy according to the relevant ordinary tax rules (and, in 
certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected) or 
Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual holding the Covered Bonds not in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome colettivo or 
società in accomandita semplice or similar partnership), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, 
any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds would be subject to a capital gain tax provided by Decree 461, levied at the current rate of 26 
per cent (“CGT”). Covered Bondholders may set off losses with gains. 
In respect of the application of the CGT, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below. 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation of capital 
gains realised by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the CGT on capital gains will be chargeable, on 
a cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the Italian resident individual 
Covered Bondholder holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to

--- Page 315 ---
315 
all sales, early redemption or redemptions of the Covered Bonds carried out during any given tax year. Italian 
resident individuals holding the Covered Bonds not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate 
the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return 
and pay CGT on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of 
capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Covered Bondholders holding the Covered 
Bonds under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the CGT separately on capital gains realised on each sale, early 
redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 
of the Legislative Decree 461). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered 
Bonds being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries and (b) an express 
and valid election for the risparmio amministrato regime being punctually made in writing by the relevant 
Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for CGT in respect of capital gains realised 
on each sale, early redemption or redemption of the Covered Bonds (as well as in respect of capital gains 
realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant 
amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the 
proceeds to be credited to the Covered Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this 
purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale, early redemption or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, 
within the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. 
Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholder under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised intermediary and have 
validly opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime provided for by Article 7 of Decree 461 will be included 
in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year 
end, subject to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under this 
risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward 
against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the 
risparmio gestito regime, the Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the 
annual tax return.  
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be exempt from any income taxation (including from the 26 per cent. substitute tax) if 
the Covered Bondholders are Italian resident individuals not engaged in entrepreneurial activity or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 and the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements set forth under Italian tax law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Fund will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. Such result will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent 
distributions and/or redemption in favour of unitholders or shareholders may be subject to the Collective 
Investment Fund Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to CGT 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate Fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent substitute tax.

--- Page 316 ---
316 
Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on 
the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Covered Bonds 
are included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements 
set forth under Italian tax law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian-resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are traded on regulated markets. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent establishment in Italy 
to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered 
Bonds not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary: (a) is resident in a country included in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set 
up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank 
or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor 
which is resident in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of a taxpayer in 
its own country of residence, and subject to timely filing of the required documentation. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
without a permanent establishment in Italy to which Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the sale or 
redemption of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the CGT at the current rate of 
26 per cent. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the 
country of tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to CGT in Italy, subject to timely filing of required 
documentation, on any capital gains realised upon the sale, early redemption or redemption of Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006 (“Decree No. 262”), converted into Law No. 286 of 24 
November 2006 as subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other 
securities) as a result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 1,000,000, 
for each beneficiary; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law, or other relatives-in law to the 
third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and 
gift tax on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding € 100,000, for each beneficiary; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities pursuant to Law No. 104 of 5 February 1992, 
the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, 
€1,500,000.

--- Page 317 ---
317 
The transfer of financial instruments as a result of death is exempt from inheritance tax when such financial 
instruments are included in a long-term saving account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that 
meets the requirements set forth by Italian tax law. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject, as far 
as relevant, to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and notarized deeds are subject to fixed 
registration tax of €200; and (b) private deeds are subject to registration tax of €200 only in case of use or 
voluntary registration (registrazione volontaria), in case of occurrence of the so-called enunciazione or in case 
of use (caso d’uso). 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to any periodic reporting communications which may be sent by an Italian based 
financial intermediary to a Covered Bondholder in respect of any Covered Bond which may be deposited with 
such financial intermediary. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent. (and cannot exceed €14,000, for 
taxpayers other than individuals) on the market value or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal 
value or redemption amount of the Covered Bonds held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the 0.2 per cent stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or 
insurance activity within the Italian territory. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, as amended, Italian resident individuals, non-business entities and 
non-business partnerships that are resident in Italy holding the Covered Bonds outside the Italian territory are 
required to pay in their own annual tax declaration a wealth tax which applies at a rate of 0.2 per cent on the 
market value of the Covered Bonds at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value figure is available – 
the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. Pursuant to 
Article 134 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, the wealth tax cannot exceed €14,000.00 per year for 
Covered Bondholders other than individuals. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes, if any, paid in the State 
where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Common Reporting Standard 
The common reporting standard framework was first released by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation 
and Development (“OECD”) in February 2014 as a result of the G20 members endorsing a global model of 
automatic exchange of information in order to increase international tax transparency. On July 2014, the 
Standard for Automatic Exchange of Financial Account Information in Tax Matters was published by the OECD 
and this includes the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”).  
In order to implement CRS and the Directive 2014/107/UE (which amends Directive 2011/16/EU), Italy ratified 
by way of Law No. 95 on 18 June 2015, implemented by the relevant Ministerial Decree of 31 December 2015. 
As a result, Covered Bondholders may be required to provide additional information to the Issuer to enable it 
to satisfy its obligations for CRS purposes. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their 
own professional advice in relation to the CRS and Directive 2014/107/UE.

--- Page 318 ---
318

--- Page 319 ---
319 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following summary is of a general nature and is included herein solely for information purposes. It is based 
on the laws presently in force in Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be construed to be, 
legal or tax advice. Prospective investors in Covered Bonds should therefore consult their own professional 
advisers as to the effects of state, local or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be 
subject. 
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Also, please note 
that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des 
collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a solidarity surcharge (contribution au 
fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) generally. Investors may further be 
subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, 
municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably apply to most corporate taxpayers resident 
of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally subject to personal income tax and the 
solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the 
management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well. 
Taxation of the Covered Bondholders 
Withholding Tax 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or interest made to non-residents Covered Bondholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect 
of Covered Bonds, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Covered 
Bonds held by non-resident Covered Bondholders. 
 In accordance with the law of 25 November 2014, Luxembourg elected out of the withholding tax system in 
favour of an automatic exchange of information under the Council Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of 
savings income as from 1 January 2015. Payments of interest by Luxembourg paying agents to non-resident 
individual Covered Bondholders or certain so-called residual entities are thus no longer subject to any 
Luxembourg withholding tax. 
Resident Covered Bondholders 
In accordance with the law of 23 December 2005, as amended (the “Relibi Law”), interest payments made by 
Luxembourg paying agents to Luxembourg individual residents are subject to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. 
Responsibility for withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. 
Income Taxation 
Non-resident Covered Bondholders 
Non-resident corporate Covered Bondholders or non-resident individual Covered Bondholders acting in the 
course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who do not have a permanent 
establishment or permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are attributable, are 
not subject to Luxembourg income tax on interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Covered Bonds or on any gains realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Covered Bonds. 
Resident Covered Bondholders

--- Page 320 ---
320 
A resident corporate Covered Bondholder must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Covered Bonds, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes. The same inclusion 
applies to an individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking. 
A Covered Bondholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by 
the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the exclusive 
object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 2016 applies), 
is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, redemption premium or 
issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds. 
A resident individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, is 
subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, 
under the Covered Bonds, except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with 
the Relibi Law, or (ii) the individual Covered Bondholder has opted for the application of a 20 per cent. (self-
applied) tax in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of 
interest has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State (other than 
Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU Member State), or in a 
state that has entered into a treaty with Luxembourg relating to the EU Savings Directive. A gain realised by an 
individual Covered Bondholder, acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale 
or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Covered Bonds is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided 
that this sale or disposal took place less than six months after the Covered Bonds were acquired. However, any 
portion of such gain corresponding to accrued but unpaid interest income is subject to Luxembourg income tax, 
except if withholding tax has been levied on such interest in accordance with the Relibi Law. 
Net Wealth Taxation 
A corporate Covered Bondholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains 
a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which such Covered Bonds are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on these Covered Bonds, except if the Covered Bondholder 
is governed by (i) the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, (ii) the law 
of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 
on specialised investment funds, as amended, (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, (v) 
the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved 
alternative investment funds. 
An individual Covered Bondholder, whether she/he is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to 
Luxembourg wealth tax. 
Further to the law dated 18 December 2015, Luxembourg levies a minimum net wealth tax for corporate 
taxpayers, which is due even if the net asset value of the corporate taxpayer is nil or negative. This minimum 
net wealth tax amounts to a Euro 4.815 flat rate for corporate taxpayers whose total assets amount to at least 
Euro 350,000 and at least 90% of the corporate taxpayer’s assets are financial assets falling within the meaning 
of accounts 23, 41, 50 and 51 of Luxembourg Plan Comptable Normalisé. 
In all other cases, corporate taxpayers are subject to a minimum net wealth tax ranging from Euro 535 to Euro 
32,100. All Luxembourg corporate taxpayers that are subject to net wealth tax are also subject to minimum net 
wealth tax.

--- Page 321 ---
321 
Other Taxes 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of Covered Bonds will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, value 
added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties, unless the documents relating to 
the Covered Bonds are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory 
registration in Luxembourg. 
Where a Covered Bondholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of her/his death, the 
Covered Bonds are included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax assessment purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or donation of Covered Bonds if embodied in a Luxembourg deed or recorded in 
Luxembourg.

--- Page 322 ---
322 
FATCA WITHHOLDING 
Pursuant to certain provisions of U.S. law, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign financial institution” may 
be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to persons that fail to 
meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer believes that it is a foreign financial 
institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Certain aspects of the application of these rules 
to instruments such as the Covered Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to 
FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Covered Bonds, is not clear at this time. 
Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to 1 January 2019 and Covered Bonds 
issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign 
passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes 
of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. However, if additional Covered Bonds (as 
described under “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—Further Issues”) that are not distinguishable 
from the grandfathered Covered Bonds are issued after the expiration of the grandfather period and are subject 
to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all Covered Bonds, including grandfathered 
Covered Bonds, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax advisors 
regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the Covered Bonds. In the event any withholding 
would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person 
will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 323 ---
323 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Programme Agreement 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more dealers (the “Dealers”). The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, the Dealers are set out in a programme agreement, entered into on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus, and made between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Arranger and the initial Dealer (the “Programme Agreement”). The Programme Agreement makes provision 
for, inter alia, an indemnity to the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Covered Bonds. The Programme Agreement also makes provision for the resignation or termination of 
appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other dealers either generally in respect 
of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche. The Programme Agreement contains stabilising and 
market making provisions. 
Subscription Agreement 
In respect of any syndicated issue of Covered Bonds, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and any one or more of the Dealers and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time will enter into a 
subscription agreement (a “Subscription Agreement” and each Dealer party thereto, a “Relevant Dealer”). 
Each Subscription Agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant Covered Bonds 
will be purchased by the Relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
Each Subscription Agreement will also provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders by the Relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued. 
Selling Restrictions 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II;  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, 
the “Prospectus Regulation”); and

--- Page 324 ---
324 
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a 
“Relevant State”), each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer 
of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation, or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation 
to any Covered Bonds in any “Relevant State” means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds, and the expression “Prospectus 
Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
The Covered Bonds are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within 
the United States of America or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part, within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each

--- Page 325 ---
325 
Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meaning given to them 
by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds, any offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as 
defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Control Law (Law No. 
228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
The United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA;  
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and  
(b) the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final

--- Page 326 ---
326 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United 
Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer 
for any such offer; or 
(c) at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,  
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Covered Bonds to the public” in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Covered Bonds. 
France 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each of the 
Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree) that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Covered Bonds to the public in France, and has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
or any other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, and that such offers, sales and distributions have 
been and will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all 
as defined in, and in accordance with, Articles L.411-1, L.411-2 of the French Code monétaire et financier and 
Article 2 item (e) of European Regulation 2017/1129 of 14 June 2017. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of 
Germany 
in 
compliance 
with 
the 
provisions 
of 
the 
German 
Securities 
Prospectus 
Act 
(Wertpapierprospektgesetz), or any other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany to the offering 
and sale of the Covered Bonds. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la 
Borsa (“CONSOB”) pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” above, each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set 
out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold, or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of 
any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in 
circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, 
and any applicable Italian law and regulation.  
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be:

--- Page 327 ---
327 
(a) made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (“Consolidated 
Banking Act”), Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and any other applicable law and regulation; 
(b) in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, and the 
implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time; and 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB and/or 
another Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will comply to the best of its knowledge and belief with all applicable securities laws, regulations and 
directives in force in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in 
its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and will obtain 
any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of the Covered 
Bonds under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes 
such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall have responsibility 
therefor (with specific reference to the jurisdictions of the United States of America, United Kingdom, Japan, 
France, Germany and the Republic of Italy, see above). 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed “General”. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement 
or modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 328 ---
328 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing, admission to trading and minimum denomination 
Application has been made for the Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) to be admitted during 
the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to the Official List and be traded on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) may be listed on such other stock exchange as the Issuer 
and the Relevant Dealer(s) may agree, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or may be issued on an unlisted 
basis. 
Where Covered Bonds (other than Registered Covered Bonds) issued under the Programme are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State 
of the European Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where 
the Covered Bonds are issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Each Covered Bond (other than a Registered Covered Bond) having a maturity of more than one year, and 
receipts and coupons relating to such Covered Bond, will bear the following legend: “Any United States person 
who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income tax laws, including the 
limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code”. 
The Registered CB Conditions will specify the minimum denomination for the Registered Covered Bonds. No 
Registered Covered Bond will be listed and/or admitted to trading on any market. 
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 
25 October 2011. The publication of this Base Prospectus was authorised by a resolution of the Board of 
Directors of the Issuer on 23 September 2021. 
The granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee was authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the 
Guarantor on 2 November 2011. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be issued in dematerialised form and held 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for the account of 
the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream). The address of Euroclear is 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream is 
Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The relevant Final Terms shall specify any 
other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together with any further 
appropriate information.  
The Registered Covered Bonds will not be settled through a clearing system. The Registered CB Conditions 
will specify the agent or registrar through which payments under the Registered Covered Bonds will be made 
and settled.

--- Page 329 ---
329 
Common codes and ISIN numbers 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered 
Bonds of each Tranche (other than the Registered Covered Bonds) will be specified in the Final Terms relating 
thereto. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Conditions and the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, there 
shall be at all times a Representative of the Covered Bondholders appointed to act in the interest and on behalf 
of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of Covered Bondholders is as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
No material litigation 
During the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been no governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings, nor is the Issuer or the Guarantor aware of any pending or threatened proceedings of 
such kind, which have had or may have significant effect on the Issuer’s or the Guarantor’s financial position 
or profitability. 
Material adverse change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 
2020 (the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2021 (the end of the last financial period for which a 
limited review report on operations has been published). 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor since 31 December 2020 (the last 
date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Guarantor was prepared). 
No significant change in the Issuer’s and Guarantor’s financial or trading position 
Since 30 June 2021 (the end of the last financial period for which a limited review report on operations has 
been published), (i) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer, (ii) there has been 
no significant change in the financial performance of the Group, and (iii) there has been no significant change 
in the financial position of the Issuer and the Group. 
Since 31 December 2020 (the end of the last financial period for which either audited financial information or 
interim report on operations has been published), (i) there has been no material adverse change in the prospects 
of the Guarantor, (ii) there has been  no significant change in the financial position of the Guarantor, and (iii) 
(iii) there has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Gurantor. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Issuer has undertaken to maintain a listing agent in Luxembourg so long as Covered Bonds are listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services 
with a worldwide network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other 
BNP Paribas Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in 
Luxembourg.  
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas Securities Services Luxembourg 
Branch may be provided upon request.

--- Page 330 ---
330 
Documents available for inspection 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents 
may be inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, 
namely: 
(a) 
the Programme Agreement; 
(b) 
the Cover Pool Administration Agreement; 
(c) 
the Conditions; 
(d) 
the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(e) 
the Master Transfer Agreements; 
(f) 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreements; 
(g) 
the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(h) 
the Servicing Agreement; 
(i) 
the Asset Monitor Agreement; 
(j) 
the Intercreditor Agreement; 
(k) 
the Cash Management and Agency Agreement; 
(l) 
the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(m) 
the Quotaholders’ Agreement; 
(n) 
the Swap Agreements; 
(o) 
the English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment; 
(p) 
the Italian Deed of Pledge; 
(q) 
the Mandate Agreement; 
(r) 
the Issuer’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(s) 
the Guarantor’s by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof; 
(t) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2021; 
(u) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2021; 
(v) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020; 
(w) 
the Issuer’s unaudited consolidated half-year report (including limited review report) as at 30 June 2020; 
(x) 
the Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, 
notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
(y) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2020;

--- Page 331 ---
331 
(z) 
the Guarantor’s audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto 
and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2019; 
(aa) 
the BPER Group press release dated 5 November 2021 entitled “Consolidated interim report 
on operations as at 30 September 2021”; 
(bb) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or further Base Prospectus; 
(cc) 
any reports, letters, balance sheets, valuations and statements of experts included or referred to in the 
Base Prospectus (other than consent letters);  
(dd) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds which 
are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Covered Bondholders; and 
(ee) 
any other document incorporated by reference. 
Copies of all such documents shall also be available to Covered Bondholders at the Specified Office of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
If the Programme is listed and admitted to trading in a regulated market, other than the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the documentation listed above shall be made available pursuant to 
the applicable rules of the relevant regulated market.Financial statements available 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent publicly 
available financial statements and consolidated financial statements of the Issuer may be obtained during normal 
business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent available 
financial statements of the Guarantor may be obtained during normal business hours at the specified office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent. 
The external auditors have given, and have not withdrawn, their consent to the inclusion of their report on the 
accounts of the Issuer and the Guarantor in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which it is included. 
In addition, for so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange shall be outstanding, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the most recent Investor 
Report may be obtained, free of charge, during normal business hours at the specified office of the Luxembourg 
Listing Agent.  
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet site of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.bourse.lu. 
In any case, copy of this Base Prospectus, together with any supplement thereto and documents incorporated 
by reference, if any, or further Base Prospectus, will remain publicly available in electronic form for at least 10 
years on the website of the Issuer at the webpages https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/bonds-

--- Page 332 ---
332 
prospectus/estense-covered-bond and https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/financial-statements-
reports.  
Material contracts 
Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into any contracts in 
the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be 
material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Tortona, 25, 20144 Milan, Italy, is the current auditor 
of the Issuer and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by the 
Ministery for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte is also a member of ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale 
Revisori Contabili. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also the current auditor of the Guarantor. 
The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 and on the financial statements of the Guarantor for the years ended on 31 December 2020 and 31 
December 2019.

--- Page 333 ---
333 
GLOSSARY 
The following terms are used throughout this Base Prospectus. The page number opposite a term indicates the page 
on which such term is first defined. These and other terms used in this Base Prospectus are subject to, and in some 
cases are summaries of, the definitions of such terms set out in the Transaction Documents, as they may be amended 
from time to time. 
“Finance Act 2019” .............................................287 
£ 5 
€ 5; 217 
2015 Credit Agreement ...........................................83 
2019 Italian Credit Agreement ................................83 
24 hours ................................................................257 
30/360 ...................................................................213 
30E/360 .................................................................213 
30E/360 (ISDA) ....................................................214 
360/360 .................................................................213 
48 hours ................................................................257 
Acceleration Notice ....................................... 30; 207 
Account .................................................................207 
Account Banks ......................................................207 
Accounts ...................................................... 182; 207 
Accrual Yield ........................................................207 
Accumulation Date ........................................ 33; 207 
Actual/360 ............................................................213 
Actual/365 (Fixed) ................................................213 
Actual/Actual ........................................................213 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) ..........................................212 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) ...........................................213 
Additional Business Centre(s) ..............................207 
Additional Collection Accounts ............................163 
Additional Financial Centre(s) ..............................208 
Additional Master Transfer Agreement . 10; 171; 208 
Additional Scheduled Interest Amounts ...... 179; 228 
Additional Scheduled Principal Amounts .... 179; 229 
Additional Seller .............................. 10; 44; 171; 208 
Additional Subordinated Loan Agreement ..... 10; 49; 
176; 208 
Additional Warranty and Indemnity Agreement ... 45; 
175; 208 
Adjusted Aggregate Loan Amount............... 157; 208 
Adjusted Required Redemption Amount ..............187 
Admitted States .....................................................195 
Advances ..............................................................175 
Affected Loan .......................................................157 
Affected Receivables ............................................174 
Amortisation Test ................................... 50; 161; 208 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount 161; 209 
Arca Vita ...............................................................106 
Arranger ..................................................................10 
Article ...................................................................257 
Article 74 Event ........................................... 177; 250 
Article 74 Event Cure Notice ....................... 177; 209 
Asset Coverage Test ..................................... 157; 209 
Asset Monitor .................................11; 144; 200; 209 
Asset Monitor Agreement ............................ 144; 209 
Asset Monitor Engagement Letter ........................144 
Asset Percentage ...................................................159 
Asset Percentage Adjusted Principal Balance .......158 
Assignment Agreement .........................................285 
Available Funds ............................................. 42; 209 
AY .........................................................................245 
 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive ...............61

--- Page 334 ---
334 
Banking Act ............................................. 9; 197; 209 
Bankruptcy Law....................................................197 
Base Prospectus ............................................... 1; 275 
Benchmarks Regulation ..................................... 1; 88 
Block Voting Instruction .......................................255 
Blocked Covered Bonds .......................................255 
BNPSS ....................................................................12 
Board of Directors ................................................ 114 
BoI Regulations ......................................... 1; 23; 205 
Bond Basis ............................................................213 
Borrower .................................................................45 
Borrowers ...............................................................45 
BPER ........................................................... 1; 9; 205 
BPER Banking Group .............................................. 9 
BPER Commitment Limit ......................................53 
BPER Group ...................................................... 9; 56 
BPER Master Transfer Agreement......... 44; 169; 210 
BPER Subordinated Loan Agreement ... 49; 175; 210 
BPER Warranty and Indemnity Agreement .. 45; 174; 
210 
Breach of Tests Notice ........................... 52; 186; 210 
Breach Related Loss .............................................157 
Broken Amount .....................................................210 
BRRD .....................................................................61 
BRRD Amending Directive ....................................62 
BRRD II ..................................................................64 
BRRD II reforms ....................................................64 
BRRD Implementing Decrees ................................62 
Business Day ........................................................210 
Business Day Convention .....................................210 
Calculation Agent ........................................... 13; 211 
Calculation Amount .............................................. 211 
Calculation Date ............................................. 28; 211 
Calculation Period ................................................ 211 
Call Option ........................................................... 211 
Cash Management and Agency Agreement .. 181; 211 
Cash Manager ................................................. 12; 211 
CB Interest Period ........................................... 17; 211 
CB Payment Date ........................................... 17; 211 
CET1 .....................................................................196 
Chairman ..............................................................255 
CHF ......................................................................... 5 
CICR .......................................................................81 
Clawed Back Amounts................................. 179; 218 
Clearstream ....................................................... 1; 211 
Code ......................................................................202 
Collateral ...................................................... 193; 211 
Collateral ................................................................36 
Collateral Account ......................................... 36; 212 
Collection Account ...............................................163 
Collection Accounts ..................................... 163; 212 
Collection Period ........................................... 39; 212 
Collective Investment Fund Tax ...........................288 
Compensation Threshold ......................................160 
Condition ..............................................................205 
Conditions .............................................. 20; 205; 275 
Conditions to the Issue ............................................23 
CONSOB ................................................... 1; 17; 212 
Convention ..............................................................84 
Corporate Servicer .......................................... 11; 212 
Corporate Services Agreement .................... 180; 212 
Cover Pool ..................................................... 25; 212 
Cover Pool Administration Agreement ........ 185; 212 
Cover Pool Manager .................................... 186; 212 
Covered Bond Guarantee ..................... 176; 194; 206 
Covered Bond Swap ...................................... 13; 212 
Covered Bond Swap Counterparty ................ 13; 212 
Covered Bondholder .............................................255

--- Page 335 ---
335 
Covered Bondholders ............................ 23; 212; 257 
Covered Bonds................................. 1; 205; 206; 257 
Covid-19 Renegotiated Loan ................................158 
CRA Regulation ............................................... 1; 281 
CRD IV ...................................................................64 
CRD V ....................................................................64 
Criteria ........................................................... 46; 149 
CRR ........................................................................64 
CRR II.....................................................................64 
CSA ............................................................... 13; 193 
CSSF ........................................................................ 1 
Cure Period ...........................................................174 
DAC ........................................................................94 
Day Count Fraction ...............................................212 
Dealer....................................................................214 
Dealers ......................................................... 206; 298 
Debtor .....................................................................45 
Decree 201 ............................................................293 
Decree 239 ............................................................287 
Decree 351 ............................................................288 
Decree 461 ............................................................291 
Decree No. 239 .....................................................247 
Decree No. 262 .....................................................292 
Deecree No. 30 .......................................................63 
Designated Maturity .............................................236 
Destinazione Italia Decree ......................................80 
Discount Factor .....................................................156 
distributor ................................................................. 7 
Due for Payment Date.................................. 178; 214 
each Series of Covered Bonds ..............................206 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds ................ 188; 215 
Early Redemption Amount .......................... 178; 215 
Early Redemption Date .........................................215 
Early Termination Amount ...................................215 
EBA Supervisory Handbook ...................................66 
EEA ......................................................................... 7 
Eligible Cover Pool ...............................................156 
Eligible Deposits ............................................ 25; 215 
Eligible Deposits Advance ............................. 49; 175 
Eligible Institution ......................................... 12; 215 
Eligible Investment ...............................................215 
Eligible Investments ...............................................49 
Eligible States ................................................ 46; 217 
EMMI ...................................................................... 1 
English Account ....................................................217 
English Account Bank ................................... 12; 217 
English Accounts ......................................... 166; 217 
English Law Deed of Charge and Assignment ... 191; 
217 
ESMA ...................................................................... 1 
Estense Cover Pool Report ...................................182 
Estense Cover Pool Report Date ...........................217 
EU Savings Directive .............................................94 
EUR ................................................................. 5; 217 
EURIBOR .............................................. 88; 217; 236 
euro .......................................................................... 5 
Euro ................................................................. 5; 217 
Euro Equivalent ....................................................217 
Eurobond Basis .....................................................213 
Euroclear .......................................................... 1; 217 
Eurodollar Convention ..........................................210 
Event of Default ....................................................255 
Excess Proceeds ............................................. 42; 217 
Excess Swap Collateral .................................. 36; 217 
Expense Required Amount ............................ 33; 164 
Expenses .................................................................30 
Expenses Account ........................................ 163; 217 
Extended Maturity Date ................................. 21; 218

--- Page 336 ---
336 
Extension Determination Date ....................... 22; 218 
Extraordinary Resolution ............................. 218; 256 
FIEA .....................................................................299 
Final Adhesion Term ...............................................84 
Final Redemption Amount ..................... 21; 178; 218 
Final Terms .................................................... 20; 205 
Financial Law .................................................. 1; 205 
Financial Services Act ..........................................300 
First Collateral Account ........................................166 
Fitch ........................................................................57 
Fixed Coupon Amount ..........................................218 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond .....................................218 
Fixed Rate Provisions ...........................................218 
Floating Rate .........................................................236 
Floating Rate Convention .....................................210 
Floating Rate Covered Bond .................................218 
Floating Rate Option .............................................236 
Floating Rate Provisions .......................................218 
Following Business Day Convention ....................210 
foreign passthru payments ....................................297 
FRN Convention ...................................................210 
Fund ......................................................................288 
General Bail-in Tool ...............................................61 
General Criteria ............................................. 46; 146 
General Criteria ....................................................170 
Group ................................................................. 9; 56 
Guaranteed Amounts ................................... 178; 218 
Guarantor ..................................................... 1; 9; 205 
Guarantor Calculation Agent ......................... 13; 218 
Guarantor Event of Default ...................................250 
Guarantor Events of Default .......................... 29; 218 
Guarantor Payment Date ................................ 33; 218 
Guarantor’s Rights ................................................181 
Hard Bullet Covered Bonds ..................................219 
Holder ...................................................................256 
IASB .....................................................................102 
ICE ........................................................................... 1 
IBORs .....................................................................89 
IDD .......................................................................... 7 
IFRIC ....................................................................102 
IGAs .....................................................................297 
In Arrears ..................................................... 156; 219 
Initial Collection Account .....................................163 
Initial Issue Date ...................................................219 
Initial Receivables ......................... 44; 146; 169; 219 
Initial Seller ................................................... 10; 219 
Initial Transfer Date ................................................40 
Initial Valuation Date ..............................................40 
Initial Valuation Date ............................................219 
Insolvency Event ....................................................28 
Insolvency Event ..................................................231 
Instalment Covered Bond .....................................219 
Insurance Policy......................................................79 
Integration .............................................................198 
Integration Advance ....................................... 49; 175 
Integration Assets ..................... 25; 46; 169; 198; 219 
Integration Assets Limit ................................. 46; 169 
Integration Assignment .................................. 44; 169 
Intercreditor Agreement ............................... 180; 219 
Interest Amount ....................................................219 
Interest Available Funds ................................. 35; 219 
Interest Basis .........................................................220 
Interest Commencement Date ........................ 17; 221 
Interest Coverage Test.................................. 154; 221 
Interest Determination Date ..................................221 
Intermediary ..........................................................288 
Investment Account ..................................... 163; 221 
Investment Agent ........................................... 12; 221

--- Page 337 ---
337 
Investment Date ....................................................166 
Investor Report .....................................................182 
Investor’s Currency ................................................93 
Investor’s Report Date ..........................................184 
IRAP .....................................................................288 
IRES .....................................................................288 
ISDA .............................................................. 13; 192 
ISDA Definitions ..................................................221 
ISDA Determination .............................................221 
ISDA Master Agreement ................................ 13; 192 
ISDA Rate .............................................................235 
Issuance Advance ........................................... 49; 175 
Issuance Assignment ...................................... 44; 169 
Issue Date ...................................................... 16; 221 
Issue Price ...................................................... 16; 221 
Issuer ........................................................................ 9 
Issuer ........................................................................ 1 
Issuer .....................................................................205 
Issuer Event of Default ................................ 221; 249 
Issuer Events of Default ..........................................26 
Italian Account Bank ..................................... 12; 221 
Italian Accounts ........................................... 163; 221 
Italian Banking Act ...............................................300 
Italian Deed of Pledge.................................. 191; 221 
Italian Paying Agent ...................................... 14; 221 
Italy .......................................................................... 5 
Latest Valuation ....................................................159 
Law 126 ..................................................................84 
Law 130 ....................................................... 1; 9; 205 
Law Decree 93 ........................................................84 
Law No. 342 ...........................................................81 
Liabilities ..............................................................256 
LIBOR ........................................................... 88; 236 
Limits to the Assignment ........................................44 
Liquidation Date .......................................... 164; 221 
Listing Agent ........................................................221 
LTV Adjusted Principal Balance ...........................157 
Luxembourg Listing Agent .....................................14 
Mandate Agreement ..................................... 191; 221 
Mandatory Tests ........................................... 154; 221 
Margin ..................................................................222 
Master Transfer Agreement ........................... 10; 171 
Master Transfer Agreement ..................................222 
Master Transfer Agreements .......................... 10; 171 
Master Transfer Agreements .................................222 
Maturity Date ................................................. 21; 222 
Maximum Rate of Interest ....................................222 
Maximum Redemption Amount ...........................222 
Meeting ........................................................ 222; 256 
MEF Decree ....................................... 1; 23; 194; 205 
MiFID II .......................................................... 7; 298 
MiFID Product Governance Rules ........................... 7 
Minimum Rate of Interest .....................................222 
Minimum Redemption Amount ............................222 
M-MDA ..................................................................64 
Modified Business Day Convention .....................210 
Modified Following Business Day Convention ....210 
Monte Titoli ..................................................... 1; 222 
Monte Titoli Account Holder ................................256 
Monte Titoli Account Holders ......................... 1; 222 
Monthly Calculation Date .....................................222 
Moody’s ............................................... 1; 15; 57; 222 
Moody’s Deposit Compensation...........................160 
Moody’s Set-Off Exposure ...................................160 
Mortgage Credit Directive .....................................82 
Mortgage Loans ............................. 25; 146; 169; 222 
Mortgage Pool Swap ...................................... 13; 222 
Mortgage Pool Swap Counterparty ................ 13; 222

--- Page 338 ---
338 
MREL .....................................................................63 
Negative Carry Factor .................................. 159; 222 
Net Available Redemption Funds .........................154 
Net Interest Collections from the Eligible Cover 
Pool ...................................................................154 
Net Present Value of the Eligible Cover Pool .......155 
Net Present Value of the Outstanding Covered Bonds
 ..........................................................................155 
No Adjustment ...................................................... 211 
Nominal Value Test ...................................... 154; 222 
Non Performing Loan .................................. 156; 222 
Non-Viability Loss Absorption ...............................61 
Notice to Pay ................................................. 27; 222 
NPLs .......................................................................60 
NPV Test ...................................................... 154; 223 
NRAs ......................................................................64 
OBG Calculation Period .......................................212 
OBG Regulations ............................................. 1; 205 
offer ......................................................................299 
Official Gazette .....................................................223 
Official List .............................................................. 1 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) ....................223 
Optional Redemption Amount (Put) .....................223 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) .........................223 
Optional Redemption Date (Put) ..........................223 
Order ............................................................ 179; 223 
Ordinary Resolution ..............................................256 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ............223 
Original Reference Rate..........................................89 
Originator ................................................................79 
Outstanding Principal Balance ..............................223 
Partial Cover Pool .................................................188 
Paying Agents .......................................................223 
Payment Business Day .........................................223 
Payments Report ...................................................181 
Payments Report Date ................................. 184; 223 
Perpetual Case ........................................................76 
Person ...................................................................223 
Place of Payment ..................................................223 
Post-Acceleration Report ......................................181 
Post-Guarantor Event of Default Priority of 
Payments .................................................... 43; 223 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments
 ..........................................................................224 
Post-Issuer Event of Default Priority of Payments. 42 
Potential Commingling Amount ...........................159 
Potential Set-off Amounts .....................................160 
Preceding Business Day Convention ....................210 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payment ..............................................................32 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments ...........................................................224 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments .................................................... 35; 224 
Pre-Maturity Account .......................... 153; 224; 246 
Pre-Maturity Collateral Amount .......... 153; 224; 246 
Pre-Maturity Rating Period .................... 54; 154; 224 
Pre-Maturity Test ................................. 152; 224; 245 
Pre-Maturity Test Breach Notice ......... 153; 224; 245 
Pre-Maturity Test Date ........................... 54; 153; 224 
Price Adjustment Advance ............................. 49; 175 
PRIIPs Regulation ................................................... 7 
Principal Available Funds .............................. 38; 224 
Principal Financial Centre ....................................225 
Principal Paying Agent .................................. 14; 225 
Priorities of Payments .............................................43 
Priority of Payments .............................................225 
Privacy Law ..........................................................172 
Programme ....................................................... 1; 205

--- Page 339 ---
339 
Programme Agreement ........................ 190; 206; 298 
Programme Limit ........................................... 15; 225 
Programme Resolution ................................ 225; 256 
Programme Termination Date ...............................171 
Prospectus Regulation ..................... 1; 274; 275; 298 
Proxy .....................................................................256 
Put Option .............................................................225 
Put Option Notice ........................................ 174; 225 
Put Option Receipt ................................................225 
Quota Capital Account ..........................................163 
Quotaholders .........................................................142 
Quotaholders’ Agreement ............................ 189; 226 
Random Basis .......................................................188 
Rate of Interest ......................................................226 
Rating Agency ................................... 1; 15; 226; 256 
Rating Event .................................................. 36; 232 
RBS .........................................................................10 
Real Estate Funds .................................................288 
Receivables .................................................... 25; 226 
Redemption Amount .............................................226 
Redemption/Payment Basis ..................................226 
Reference Banks ...................................................226 
Reference Price .....................................................226 
Reference Rate ......................................................226 
Register .................................................................256 
Registered CB Conditions ............................... 1; 285 
Registered CB Rules Agreement ................... 17; 285 
Registered Covered Bondholders ...........................17 
Registered Covered Bonds ......................... 1; 14; 285 
Registered Paying Agent ........................ 14; 226; 285 
Registered Paying Agent .......................................256 
Registrar ........................................... 14; 87; 226; 285 
Registrar ................................................................256 
Regular Date .........................................................226 
Regular Period ......................................................226 
Regulation No. 11971 ...........................................300 
Relevant Clearing System .....................................226 
Relevant Clearing Systems ...................................... 1 
Relevant Date........................................................227 
Relevant Dealer ....................................................298 
Relevant Dealer(s) ................................................227 
Relevant Dealers ...................................................190 
Relevant Financial Centre .....................................227 
Relevant Screen Page ...........................................227 
Relevant Time .......................................................227 
Renegotiated Loan ................................................158 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders . 14; 206; 
227 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount 187 
Required Redemption Amount .................... 187; 227 
Required Redemption Amount ...............................42 
Required Reserve Amount ............................. 38; 227 
Reserve Account .......................................... 166; 228 
Reset Date .............................................................236 
Resolutions ...........................................................256 
Restated Banking Directive ..................................195 
retail investor ........................................................298 
Revolving Assignment ..........................................169 
Revolving Assignment ............................................44 
RP .........................................................................245 
Rules .....................................................................255 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders ......................................................207 
Scheduled Due for Payment Date ................ 179; 228 
Scheduled Interest ........................................ 179; 228 
Scheduled Payment Date ............................. 179; 228 
Scheduled Principal ..................................... 179; 228 
Screen Rate Determination ...................................229

--- Page 340 ---
340 
SDD ......................................................................148 
Second Moody’s Rating Trigger ...........................160 
Secured Creditors ......................................... 180; 229 
Securities Account ....................................... 163; 229 
Securities Act ................................................... 5; 299 
Security .................................................................269 
Selected Assets............................................. 187; 229 
Sellers ............................................................ 10; 229 
Sellers’ Claims ........................................................33 
Series ..................................................... 15; 205; 229 
Series of Covered Bonds.......................................229 
Series Reserved Matter .........................................259 
Servicer ................................................... 11; 172; 229 
Servicer Report .....................................................229 
Servicer Termination Event ..................................173 
Servicing Agreement ................................... 172; 229 
SGRs .....................................................................288 
SIMs .....................................................................288 
Single Supervisory Mechanism ..............................65 
Specific Criteria ............................................. 46; 149 
Specified Currency ........................................ 16; 229 
Specified Denomination(s) ...................................229 
Specified Office ....................................................229 
Specified Period ....................................................229 
SRB .........................................................................63 
SREP .......................................................................66 
SRM ........................................................................66 
SRM II Regulation ..................................................64 
SRM Regulation .....................................................66 
SSM ........................................................................65 
SSM Framework Regulation ..................................65 
SSM Regulation ......................................................65 
Stabilising Manager(s) ............................................. 6 
Subordinated Loan ......................................... 49; 175 
Subordinated Loan Agreement .............................230 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ..............................49 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ..............................10 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ............................176 
Subordinated Loan Agreements ............................230 
Subordinated Loan Interest ...................................175 
Subordinated Loan Provider .......................... 10; 230 
Subscription Agreement ............................... 206; 298 
Subsequent Receivables ................. 44; 146; 169; 230 
Subsidiary .............................................................230 
sub-unit ........................................................ 234; 236 
successor ...............................................................257 
Successor Servicer .......................................... 11; 173 
Suspension Period ........................................ 180; 250 
Swap Agreements .......................................... 13; 230 
Swap Counterparties ...................................... 13; 230 
Swap Counterparty ...............................................230 
Swap Curve ...........................................................156 
Swap Rate .............................................................256 
Swap Trigger .................................................. 36; 230 
T1 ..........................................................................196 
TARGET Settlement Day .....................................230 
TARGET System ..................................................230 
Test Performance Report ....................... 53; 186; 230 
Tests ............................................................. 157; 230 
TLAC standard .......................................................65 
Tranche .......................................................... 15; 205 
Transaction Account .................................... 165; 230 
Transaction Documents ........................................230 
Transaction Party ......................................... 256; 257 
Transfer Date ........................................................160 
U.S. Dollar ............................................................... 5 
U.S.$ ........................................................................ 5 
UK ........................................................................... 7

--- Page 341 ---
341 
UK Sterling .............................................................. 5 
Usury Law ..............................................................80 
Usury Law Decree ..................................................80 
Usury Rates .............................................................80 
Usury Regulations ..................................................80 
Valuation Date ......................................................169 
Valuation Date ........................................................40 
Voter ......................................................................256 
Voting Certificate ..................................................256 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement .....................231 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreements .... 45; 175; 231 
White List .............................................................289 
Written Resolution ................................................257 
y 245 
Yen ........................................................................... 5 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond .................................231 
Zero Coupon Provisions .......................................231

--- Page 342 ---
342 
ISSUER, SERVICER, INITIAL SELLER, PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND CALCULATION AGENT 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Via San Carlo, 8/20 
41121 Modena 
Italy  
 
GUARANTOR 
Estense Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Vittorio Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via Alfieri, 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy  
 
ITALIAN PAYING AGENT, ITALIAN ACCOUNT BANK AND CASH MANAGER 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Milan branch  
via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milano 
Italy 
 
ENGLISH ACCOUNT BANK  
BNP Paribas Securities Services, London branch  
55 Moorgate 
London EC2R 6PA 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg branch  
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
 L-1855 Luxembourg  
Luxembourg

--- Page 343 ---
343 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and the Dealer  
As to Italian law and English law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Via Ansperto, 5 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer  
As to Italian law 
Studio Legale Cappelli-RCCD 
Via Boschetti, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS 
To the Issuer and the Guarantor  
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A.  
Via Tortona, 25 
20144 Milan 
Italy