--- Page 1 ---
10297260896-v3 
- i - 
47-41082286 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
(the "Prospectus Regulation"). Under this €10,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), BPER Banca S.p.A. 
(the "Bank" or the "Issuer" or "BPER") may from time to time issue notes governed by Italian law (i) in global form (the "Notes in Global 
Form") and (ii) notes in dematerialised form (the "Dematerialised Notes" and, together with the Notes in Global Form, the "Notes"), 
denominated in such currencies as may be from time to time agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €10,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies), subject to increase as described herein. In the event of such increase, a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
will be prepared by the Issuer, which shall be approved by the CSSF (as defined below) in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "Key Features of the Programme 
Relating to the Notes" below and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and, 
together, the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  
The Notes issued under the Programme may qualify as senior preferred notes (the "Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes (the 
"Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes"), and subordinated notes (the "Subordinated 
Notes"), subject in each case to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives. No Notes may be issued under the Programme 
which have a minimum denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, of at least €150,000 (or where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time, and in the case of Subordinated 
Notes of at least €200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
other currency) or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as 
an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the 
Notes. 
By approving the Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial soundness of the transaction or the quality 
and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux prospectus pour valeurs mobilières 
dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). This Base Prospectus is valid for admission to trading of Notes on a regulated 
market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II") for a period of twelve months from the date of approval ending 
on 8 November 2025, provided that it is completed by any supplement, pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, following the 
occurrence of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included (including incorporated 
by reference) in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. Application has also been made to the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all 
related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(Bourse de Luxembourg) and have been "listed" on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
Notice of the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other 
information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms (as define below) which, with 
respect to Notes to be listed, will be filed with the CSSF. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. The CSSF has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with unlisted 
Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form" (the "Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Global Form") or "Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes" and together with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form, the "Terms and Conditions") as completed 
by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms").

--- Page 2 ---
10297260896-v3 
- ii - 
47-41082286 
 
The Programme has been rated "Baa3" (Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Unsecured Medium-Term Notes)1 
and "Ba1" (Subordinate Medium-Term Notes)2 by Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), "BBB-"(Senior Unsecured Debt)3, "BB+" (Senior 
Subordinated Debt) and "BB" (Subordinated Debt)4 by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), "BBB-" (Long-Term Senior Preferred 
Notes)5, "BB+" (Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and "BB" (Subordinated Debt)6 by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) 
("Fitch") and "BBB" (Long-Term Senior Debt), "BBB (low)" (Senior Non-Preferred Debt)7 and "BB (high)" (Subordinated Debt)8 by DBRS 
Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS"). Further information relating to the meaning of each rating can be found on each of Moody's 
(https://www.moodys.com/), S&P (https://www.spglobal.com/ratings/en/), Fitch (https://www.fitchratings.com/) and Morningstar DBRS 
(https://www.dbrsmorningstar.com/) respective websites. Each of Moody's, S&P, Fitch and Morningstar DBRS is established in the European 
union and is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Market Authority on its website (at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation) in accordance with the European Union and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, CMS Rate, or to the sterling overnight index average rate 
("SONIA"), in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and 
administered by the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI"), CMS Rate is provided and administered by ICE Benchmark 
Administration Limited and SONIA is provided and administered by the Bank of England. At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is 
authorised as benchmark administrators, and included on, the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of CMS Rate is not included in ESMA's register of administrators 
under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. ICE Benchmark Administration appears on the register of the Financial Conduct Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"). As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that 
ICE Benchmark Administration is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or equivalence. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the administrator of SONIA is not included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation. As far as the Issuer is aware, the Bank of England, as administrator of the SONIA, is not required to be registered by virtue of 
Article 2 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. 
Arrangers 
Citigroup 
UBS Investment Bank 
Dealers 
 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Citigroup
Deutsche Bank 
Goldman Sachs International
HSBC 
IMI - Intesa Sanpaolo
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
NatWest Markets 
Nomura
Société Générale Corporate & Investment Banking  
UBS Investment Bank
8 November 2024 
 
1  
Moody’s Baa Obligations rated Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates amid-range 
ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
2  
Moody's Ba Obligations rated Ba are judged to have speculative elements and are subject to substantial credit risk. Moody's appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation 
ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 2 indicates amid-range ranking; and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking 
in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
3  
S&P BBB- ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. An additional +/– for ‘AA’ 
through ‘CCC’ levels, indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery for issues. 
4  
S&P BB ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to default risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in business or economic 
conditions over time; however, business or financial flexibility exists that supports the servicing of financial commitments. An additional 
+/– for ‘AA’ through ‘CCC’ levels, indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery for issues. 
5  
Fitch BBB ratings indicate that expectations of default risk are currently low. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is 
considered adequate, but adverse business or economic conditions are more likely to impair this capacity. An additional +/– for 'AA' 
through 'CCC' levels, indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery for issues. 
6  
Fitch BB ratings indicate an elevated vulnerability to credit risk, particularly in the event of adverse changes in business or economic 
conditions over time; however, business or financial alternatives may be available to allow financial commitments to be met. An additional 
+/– for 'AA' through 'CCC' levels, indicating relative differences of probability of default or recovery for issues. 
7  
Morningstar DBRS BBB ratings indicate an adequate credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial obligations is considered 
acceptable. May be vulnerable to future events. All rating categories other than AAA and D also contain subcategories "(high)" and 
"(low)". The absence of either a "(high)" or "(low)" designation indicates the credit rating is in the middle of the category. 
8  
Morningstar DBRS BB ratings indicate a speculative, non-investment-grade credit quality. The capacity for the payment of financial 
obligations is uncertain. Vulnerable to future events. All rating categories other than AAA and D also contain subcategories "(high)" and 
"(low)". The absence of either a "(high)" or "(low)" designation indicates the credit rating is in the middle of the category.

--- Page 3 ---
10297260896-v3 
- iii - 
47-41082286 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes issued by the Issuer are subject to a 
substitute tax (referred to as "imposta sostitutiva") of 26 per cent pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996 in certain circumstances. In order to obtain exemption at source from imposta sostitutiva in respect of 
payments of interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, each Noteholder not resident in the Republic 
of Italy is required to certify that such Noteholder is (i) deemed to be resident in a country which recognises the 
Italian fiscal authorities' right to a satisfactory exchange of information and (ii) the beneficial owner of payments 
of interest or other income relating to the Notes, all as more fully set out in "Taxation" on page 190. 
Notes that qualify as atypical securities ("titoli atipici") are subject to withholding tax levied at the rate of 26 per 
cent in respect of premium (if any) and other income pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of September 1983, as 
amended. 
For each Tranche of Notes which is issued under the Programme, Final Terms will be prepared containing the 
information required to complete the information for the relevant issue which, with respect to Notes to be listed 
on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market, will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and filed with the CSSF. In relation to each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme, this Base 
Prospectus should be read in conjunction with the applicable Final Terms. 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes in Global Form, initially be represented by a temporary global note ("Temporary 
Global Note") which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not intended to be issued in new 
global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common depositary on behalf of 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") 
and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either 
a permanent global note ("Permanent Global Note") or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon 
certification as to non-US beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, all as further described 
in the section "Form of the Notes" on page 50; or 
(B) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, 
until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Euronext Securities Milan (formerly Monte Titoli S.p.A.) 
with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte 
Titoli"), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli 
Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on 
behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear, 
as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Dematerialised Notes have been 
accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be held in book entry 
form and title to the Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of Italian Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented ("Consolidated Finance Act") and in accordance with Commissione Nazionale per le 
società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joined Regulation dated 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation"). The 
Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders 
may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of 
the Consolidated Finance Act. 
The information set out in the sections of this Base Prospectus describing clearing arrangements is subject to any 
change or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and 
Monte Titoli (the "Clearing Systems"), in each case as currently in effect. If prospective investors wish to use the 
facilities of any of the Clearing Systems, they should confirm the continued applicability of the rules, regulations 
and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The Issuer will not be responsible or liable for any aspect of the 
records relating to, or payments made on account of, book-entry interests held through the facilities of any 
Clearing System or for maintaining, supervising or reviewing any records relating to such book-entry interests. 
Where a claim relating to the information contained in this Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member 
State of the European Economic Area, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of the Member State where

--- Page 4 ---
10297260896-v3 
- iv - 
47-41082286 
 
the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings 
are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated herein 
by reference (see "Information Incorporated by Reference" section on page 33) and shall be construed on the basis 
that such documents are incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Dealers have not independently verified all the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, 
warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealers, 
or any of their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme or any Notes or 
their distribution. The statements made in this paragraph are made without prejudice to the responsibility of the 
Issuer under the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in or not 
consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised 
by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes 
(i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or as constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer, or any of the Dealers, that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
subscribe for and purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating subscribing for, or purchasing any of the 
Notes, should make its own independent investigation of the affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, 
of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or any Notes constitutes an offer by or on behalf of the Issuer, or any of the Dealers, to any person to purchase 
any Notes. 
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not at any time imply that the information contained herein concerning 
the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the 
same. The Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer, distribution or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in 
certain jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this document may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or any of the 
Dealers, which would permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this document in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and 
neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations and the Dealers have represented that all offers and sales by them will be made on the same terms. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves about, and 
observe any such restrictions. For details of certain restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland, the European 
Economic Area, the Republic of Italy, Japan and France, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act"), will be in bearer form and subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons (see "Subscription and 
Sale" below). 
This Base Prospectus has not been submitted to the clearance procedure of Commissione Nazionale per le Società 
e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and may not be distributed in Italy other than (i) to qualified investors (investitori 
qualificati) as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable provision of the 
Consolidated Finance Act, and/or regulations issued by the CONSOB, or (ii) in circumstances which are exempted 
from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONOSB 
Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time, and any applicable Italian law or regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified, or where the context requires otherwise, references to a 
"Member State" are references to a Member State of the EEA, references to "€", "Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are

--- Page 5 ---
10297260896-v3 
- v - 
47-41082286 
 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union and as defined 
in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended. 
All references in this document to "US dollars", "US$" and "$" refer to the currency of the United States of 
America, references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to the currency of the United Kingdom and references to 
"Japanese Yen", "Yen" and "¥" refer to the currency of Japan. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation 
Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over 
allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that 
which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of 
Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the Stabilisation Manager(s), or persons 
acting on behalf of the Stabilisation Manager(s), in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability assessment of any 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or 
assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding such "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable 
investment (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, the 
European Green Bond Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in 
the United Kingdom) or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time to time. None of the 
Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, 
or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds, nor the impact or monitoring of 
such use of proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient Eligible 
Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible Sustainability Assets (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) to 
allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds in full.  
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework (as defined in "Use of Proceeds" below) including the assessment of the applicable eligibility 
criteria in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds set out in therein. ISS Corporate 
Solutions has issued an independent opinion, dated 12 May 2023, on the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion on certain 
environmental and related considerations and is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of an 
investment in any Notes, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or 
suitability of any security. The Second Party Opinion is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion 
or any other opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ISS Corporate 
Solutions, being the provider of such opinions and certifications, is not subject to any specific regulatory or other 
regime or oversight. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification is not, nor should be 
deemed to be, a recommendation by the Dealers, or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Notes and is current 
only as of the date it is issued. The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion 
or any such other opinion or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein. The Issuer's Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework may also be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the 
Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference in, this Base Prospectus. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained 
for the lifetime of the Notes.

--- Page 6 ---
10297260896-v3 
- vi - 
47-41082286 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend 
entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in 
the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, 
as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product governance rules 
under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID II Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing 
for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET - The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting 
or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes should 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor 
should consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 7 ---
10297260896-v3 
- vii - 
47-41082286 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact such investment will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in the Notes, unless the potential investor has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting 
effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable 
law.

--- Page 8 ---
10297260896-v3 
- viii - 
47-41082286 
 
CONTENTS 
Page 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME.......................................................................................... 1 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................... 2 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT....................................................................................................................... 32 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ..................................................................................... 33 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT ................................................................................................................ 40 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES ....................................................... 41 
FORM OF THE NOTES ...................................................................................................................................... 50 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM ............................................................... 52 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES .............................................................. 88 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................ 126 
USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................................................... 142 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................... 144 
REGULATORY SECTION ................................................................................................................................ 183 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................................................ 190 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................................... 199 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................. 203

--- Page 9 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 1 - 
47-41082286 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
Under the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes denominated in any currency, subject as set 
out herein. Key features of the Programme relating to the Notes appear below in the section "Key Features of the 
Programme Relating to the Notes". The applicable terms of any Notes will be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of the Notes and will be set out in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
endorsed on, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as completed by the applicable Final Terms attached to, 
or endorsed on, such Notes, as more fully described under "Form of the Notes" below. 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for issuing Notes in an aggregate principal amount 
which, when added to the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously or simultaneously 
issued under the Programme, does not exceed €10,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other currencies. For the 
purpose of calculating the euro equivalent of the aggregate principal amount of Notes the euro equivalent of Notes 
denominated in another Specified Currency (as defined under "Form of the Notes" below) shall be determined, at 
the discretion of the Issuer (in the case of the issue of Notes), either as at the agreement date for such Notes or, in 
either case, on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for business 
in Milan, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against the purchase of such Specified 
Currency in the Milan foreign exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Issuer 
on the relevant day of calculation.

--- Page 10 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 2 - 
47-41082286 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme. These factors are contingencies that may or may not occur. Factors which could be 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the Programme are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer 
based on information currently available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. In addition, the 
following risk factors are presented in a limited number of categories depending on their nature and, in each 
category, the most material risk factors for the Issuer or the Issuer's group (the "BPER Group" or the "Group") 
are mentioned first.  
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes", "Terms and Conditions" or elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus have the same meaning in this section, unless stated otherwise. Prospective investors should read the 
entire Base Prospectus. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
Prospective investors are invited to carefully read this section on the risk factors before making any investment 
decision, in order to understand the risks related to BPER and the BPER Group and obtain a better appreciation 
of the BPER Group's abilities to satisfy the obligations related to the Notes issued and described in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Issuer deems that the following risk factors could affect the ability of the same to satisfy its 
obligations arising from the Notes. 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position; 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activity and industry; 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer; 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position 
Risks related to the New 2024-2027 Business Plan 
On 9 October 2024, the Board of Directors of BPER approved the 2024-2027 business plan (the “New 2024-2027 
Business Plan”). 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan contains objectives to be met by 2027 based on assumptions of both a general 
nature and a discretionary nature linked to the impact of specific operational and organisational actions that BPER 
intends to take during the period of time covered by the New 2024-2027 Business Plan. 
Such assumptions are subject (among others) to the risks and uncertainties, including those of a geopolitical nature 
relating to the current and future conflicts, that characterise both the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario and 
the evolution of the legal and regulatory framework, and that relate to future events and actions which the Board 
of Directors and the management cannot, in whole or in part, influence, in relation to the performance of the 
principal financial and economic figures or other factors affecting such performance. 
Strictly connected to the strategic risk is the commercial risk being the actual and prospective risk associated with 
the Issuer's failure to achieve its objectives in terms of asset volume and economic results, due to the 
ineffectiveness of the actions taken by the Issuer's management and Board of Directors and/or as a result of adverse 
market conditions.

--- Page 11 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 3 - 
47-41082286 
 
Therefore, the Group is exposed to the risk that it may be unable to implement part or all of its New 2024-2027 
Business Plan or that it may be unable to implement part or all of such its New 2024-2027 Business Plan within 
the timeframe expected, that the assumptions on which the Group based its forecasts and strategy may be incorrect 
or that the strategy may not achieve the results expected. 
Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on BPER or the BPER Group's operating results, financial 
condition and prospects. 
For further information on the New 2024-2027 Business Plan please refer to the paragraph entitled “Strategy” 
under the section entitled “Description of the Issuer”. 
Competition 
In recent years, the Italian banking sector has seen increasing price competition as a consequence of the 
deregulation of the banking sector, resulting in the curtailment of protectionist national laws by EU regulation and 
a blurring of the distinction between different types of financial services. This has led to a reduction in the 
difference between borrowing and lending rates and has had an impact on commissions and fees, particularly 
relating to dealings conducted on behalf of third parties as an intermediary bank, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group, notably in its profitability. 
The Group faces substantial competition in all parts of its business, including in payments, in originating loans 
and in attracting deposits. Competition in originating loans emerges principally from other domestic and foreign 
banks, mortgage banking companies, consumer finance companies, insurance companies and other lenders and 
purchasers of loans. 
The banking industry is moving towards consolidation, creating larger and stronger banks with which the Issuer 
must compete. The BPER Group cannot assure that this increased competition will not adversely affect its growth 
prospects, and consequently, its operations. Furthermore, the Group also faces competition from non-bank 
competitors that provide banking services, which activity is not as regulated and subject to the scrutiny under 
existing banking laws and regulations. 
In addition, downturns in both the global and Italian economy could add to this pressure through increased price 
competition and lower transaction volumes. 
If the Issuer is unable to compete with competitors' products and service offerings and retaining and strengthening 
customer relationships it may lose existing and/or potential business, lose its current market share or incur losses 
in some or all of its activities or fail to attract new deposits or retain existing deposits, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Group's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Interest rate fluctuation risk 
Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of unexpected changes in market rates on current profits and the 
equity value of the Group. Interest rate risk can materialize itself into (i) income risk; and/or (ii) investment risk. 
Income risk derives from the possibility that an unexpected change in interest rates may reduce net interest income, 
being the difference between interest received and interest paid. Investment risk derives from the possibility that 
adverse changes in the value of assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet instruments held by the Bank, following 
changes in interest rates, may destabilise the equilibrium of the balance sheet. 
Fluctuations in interest rates influence the financial performance of the BPER Group. The results of the Group's 
banking operations are affected by its management of interest rate sensitivity and, in particular, changes in market 
interest rates. Interest rate sensitivity refers to the relationship between changes in market interest rates and 
changes in net interest income. A mismatch of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given 
period, which tends to accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material effect on the BPER Group's 
business activity, financial performance and condition, asset value, and/or results of operations. 
Changes in interest rate levels, yield curves and spreads may affect the Group's lending and deposit spreads. Rising 
interest rates in line with the yield curve can increase the BPER Group's cost of funding at a higher rate than the 
yield on its assets due, for example, to a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities that are sensitive to 
interest rate changes or a mismatch in the degree of interest rate sensitivity of assets and liabilities with similar 
maturities. At the same time, decreasing interest rates can also reduce the yield on the BPER Group's assets at a 
rate, which may not correspond to the decrease in the cost of funding. 
It should be noted, in particular, that, starting from the beginning of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due 
mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of Ukraine, which helped fuel strong inflationary pressures, particularly

--- Page 12 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 4 - 
47-41082286 
 
on energy and food goods. Against this backdrop, central banks have initiated a return to less accommodative 
monetary policies by accelerating interest rate hikes and for most of the years 2022 and 2023, have continued to 
focus on tackling inflation. The Federal Reserve has been among the most proactive institutions, bringing the cost 
of borrowing from the 0%/0.25% range set out in March 2022 to the highest level 5.25%/5.50% set out in July 
2023. In the same way, the central European institution, in light of the energy crisis which has gradually threatened 
the European economy, initially maintained a more prudent attitude, but then starting from July 2022 by 
introducing a cycle of monetary restriction which brought the rate on borrowing (“MRO”) from 0% in July 2022 
to 4.5% in September 2023, and contemplated the launch, from March 2023, of the balance sheet reduction 
programme, albeit at a measured and predictable pace. 
Moreover, starting from October 2023, the economic growth has also been impacted by the effects of the conflict 
in the Middle-East. Despite the increased uncertainty from evolving geo-political tensions, risks of slowing growth 
in most key sectors of the global economy have continued to subside. 
In such a context, the European Central Bank, based on the fundamental indicators, wage growth and inflation 
trend, has cut the rates starting from June 2024, while stressing that there is no predetermined path. In September 
2024, also the Federal Reserve has begun to cut the rates. 
As per the context outlined above, interest rate trends and fluctuations depend on different factors - such as 
monetary and macroeconomic policies, general trends in the national and international economy and the political 
conditions of Europe and Italy - that are beyond the Issuer's control and that may have an impact on the Issuer and 
the Group’s operations. 
Business concentration risk 
Geographically, the Issuer's key market is the Italian region of Emilia Romagna and Lombardy, where the Issuer 
has historically operated and where the majority of its branches are currently located. 
Risks arising from changes in credit quality and the recoverability of loans and amounts due from counterparties 
are inherent in a wide range of the Issuer's businesses. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's 
borrowers and counterparties (as mentioned above), particularly concentrated in the Emilia Romagna region or a 
general deterioration in either the Italian or global economic condition, or arising from systemic risks in the 
financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the 
Issuer's impairment provision for bad and doubtful debts and other provisions which, in turn, could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial condition and prospects. 
Risks connected to a potential credit rating downgrade 
BPER is rated by (i) Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), (ii) S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), (iii) 
Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") and (iv) DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") 
which are established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") as set out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to the EU CRA Regulation. 
Credit ratings affect the cost and other terms upon which BPER is able to obtain funding. Any downgrade of the 
Issuer's credit rating (for whatever reason) might result in higher funding and refinancing costs, may require the 
Issuer to post additional collateral or take other actions under some of its derivative and other contracts, and could 
limit the Issuer's access to capital markets and adversely affect its commercial business. In addition, a downgrade 
of the Issuer's rating may limit the Issuer's opportunities to expand its mortgage loans portfolio and may have a 
particularly adverse effect on the Issuer's image as a participant in the capital markets, as well as in the eyes of its 
clients. 
There is no assurance that the rating agencies will maintain the current ratings or outlooks. The future evolution 
of the Issuer's ratings is deeply connected to, among others, the macroeconomic status quo and the rating of the 
Italian Government debt, the asset quality, profitability, and capital of the Issuer. 
Any of the foregoing may have material adverse effect on the Issuer's operating results, financial condition and 
prospects, as well as the rating assigned to the Notes, if any. 
Risks associated with general economic, financial and other business conditions  
The results of the BPER Group are affected by the macroeconomic conditions, trends in the financial markets in 
general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular, interest rate levels, currency exchange rates,

--- Page 13 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 5 - 
47-41082286 
 
changes in laws and regulations, changes in the policies of central banks, particularly the Bank of Italy and the 
European Central Bank (ECB), and competitive factors, at a regional, national and international level. Each of 
these factors can change the level of demand for the Issuer's products and services, the credit quality of borrowers 
and counterparties, the interest rate margin of the Issuer between lending and borrowing costs and the value of the 
Issuer's investment and trading portfolios. Furthermore, during recessionary periods, there may be less demand 
for loan products and a greater number of the BPER Group's customers may default on their loans or other 
obligations. Interest rate fluctuations may also have an impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan 
products. More in general, fluctuations in interest rates and in ratings in the Eurozone and in the other markets in 
which the BPER Group operates influence its performance. 
Since the first half of 2022, economic growth slowed globally due mainly to the effects of Russia's invasion of 
Ukraine. 
The Russian invasion has indeed provoked the reaction of other countries, which have launched heavy sanctions 
against Russia. These measures have generated uncertainty about what the effects on world economies might be, 
particularly for Europe, which, by geographic proximity and trade relations, is the macro area most vulnerable to 
the impacts of the crisis. As a result, the United States, Canada, the European Union and other countries and 
multinational organizations have announced and implemented sanctions of various types against Russia, such as 
the designation of a number of persons and entities, including major Russian banks, in "blocked person" lists, the 
removal of certain Russian banks from the SWIFT system that facilitates the transfer of money between banks, a 
prohibition on providing certain types of financing and financial services to certain companies or banks that are 
under public control or publicly owned, a prohibition on transactions with certain Russian counterparties, and the 
imposition of restrictions on the export to Russia of certain goods and technologies. In response to the foregoing 
sanctions, Russia replied with countersanctions on so-called "unfriendly" states (which specifically include 
countries of the European Union). Countersanctions imposed by Russia have led to a reduction in supply volumes 
or even a suspension of gas and oil deliveries. Should economic sanctions escalate further, Russia could take 
further legal action, which could affect European businesses (with their domicile in an "unfriendly State" from a 
Russian perspective). 
Moreover, mismatches between the supply and demand of goods and services, partially as a result of Russia-
Ukraine conflict have contributed to a rise in global inflation. To counter inflation, central banks raised interest 
rates during 2022 and 2023: in the U.S., the Federal Reserve System terminated its large-scale asset purchases, 
popularly known as "quantitative easing", and announced a plan to reduce its bond holdings. In addition, the 
Federal Reserve System implemented benchmark interest rate increases to counteract inflationary pressures; also 
the European Central Bank implemented interest rate increases and discontinued its asset purchases. All of these 
factors may adversely affect the Issuer. Uncertainty surrounding the pace of future interest rate fluctuations by 
major central banks has already resulted in significant volatility in financial markets around the world and such 
volatility may continue for a prolonged period of time. Any increase in inflation rates and/or interest rates or a 
potential recession or other periods of declining economic conditions, could adversely affect Issuer's business, 
results of operations and financial condition and have a negative effect on the securities markets generally. 
In addition, recent tensions in the Middle East, including the Israel-Hamas conflict commenced in October 2023, 
the escalation to a series of direct confrontations between Israel and Iran in April 2024 and the recent escalation 
of hostilities between Israel and the Hezbollah militant group in September 2024, have caused volatility and 
instability and there is a risk that these events could potentially escalate into a wider regional conflict. Since 
November 2023, the Al-Houthi militia in Yemen has also launched several attacks on commercial shipping vessels 
in the Red Sea, which resulted in significant disruption to global trade routes. The current situation is affecting 
consumer price pressure and could also affect the economic growth of the Eurozone. These elements of uncertainty 
could lead to an alteration of normal market dynamics and, more generally, of business operating conditions. 
Therefore, the economic outlook is still conditioned by a high degree of uncertainty that depends, inter alia, on 
the evolution and duration of the above-mentioned conflicts. 
In addition to the above, the macroeconomic framework could be influenced by: (i) new international trade 
policies; (ii) other global geopolitical tensions (including the trade disputes between the United States and China 
and the related protectionist initiatives that have been introduced); (iii) concerns over levels of economic growth 
and consumer confidence generally; (iv) future developments of the European Central Bank's ("ECB") monetary 
policy in the Euro area, the Federal Reserve system in the Dollar area, and the policies implemented by other 
countries aimed at promoting competitive devaluations of their currencies; (v) the availability and cost of credit; 
(vi) the stability and solvency of the financial institutions and other companies; (vii) the sustainability of the 
sovereign debt of certain countries and related recurring tensions on the financial markets; (viii) the volatile trend 
in the price of oil and gas; (ix) the outcome of the elections recently concluded in Europe and in the US as at the

--- Page 14 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 6 - 
47-41082286 
 
date of this Base Prospectus; (x) the potential negative impacts on the economy arising from climate change and 
global warming at both a global and regional level. 
Alongside the international macroeconomic situation, there are also specific risks associated with the current 
economic, financial and political conditions in Italy. Italy is the main country in which the Issuer operates, 
therefore, its business is particularly sensitive to investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of its 
financial condition as well as prospects for its economic growth. 
Rising market tensions might negatively affect the funding costs and economic outlook of some EU member 
states. This, together with the risk that one or more EU member States deciding either (i) to hold referenda as to 
their membership of the EU or (ii) in the case of EU Member States that adopted the Euro as their national 
currency, to adopt an alternative currency. A potential collapse of the Eurozone could lead to the deterioration of 
the EU's economic and financial situation with a significant negative effect on the entire financial sector, creating 
new difficulties in the granting of sovereign loans and loans to businesses, and significant changes to financial 
activities both at market and retail level. The materialization of these risks could have a significant adverse impact 
on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets and a material and negative 
impact on BPER Group and/or on BPER Group's clients, with negative implications for BPER Group's business, 
results and financial position. 
Lingering market tensions might negatively affect the global economy and hamper the recovery of the Euro area. 
Moreover, the tightening fiscal policy by some countries (including the Republic of Italy) might weigh on 
households disposable income and on corporate profits with negative implications for the BPER Group's business, 
results and financial position. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able 
to make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term. Any further deterioration of the Italian 
economy would have a material adverse effect on the BPER Group's business, in light of the BPER Group's 
significant exposure to the Italian economy. 
Despite the several initiatives of supranational organisations to deal with the heightened sovereign debt crisis in 
the Euro area, the global markets remain characterised by high uncertainty and volatility. Any further acceleration 
of the European sovereign debt crisis is likely to significantly affect, among other things, the recoverability and 
quality of the sovereign debt securities held by the BPER Group as well as the financial resources of the BPER 
Group's clients holding similar securities. The occurrence of any of the above events may cause the BPER Group 
to suffer losses, increases in funding costs and a diminution in the value of its assets, with a potential adverse 
effect on the BPER Group liquidity, financial position and results of transactions including its ability to access the 
capital and financial markets and to refinance debt in order to meet its funding requirements. 
Protracted market declines and reduced liquidity in the markets 
Protracted adverse market movements, particularly the decline of asset prices, can reduce market activity and 
market liquidity. These developments can lead to material losses if the BPER Group cannot close out deteriorating 
positions in a timely manner. 
In addition, protracted or steep declines in the share capital or bond markets in Italy and elsewhere may adversely 
affect the BPER Group's securities trading activities and its asset management services, as well as its investments 
in and sales of products linked to the performance of financial assets. 
During recessionary periods, there may be less demand for loan products and a greater number of the BPER 
Group's customers may default on their loans or other obligations. The rise in interest rates may also have an 
impact on the demand for mortgages and other loan products. In addition, the continued liquidity crisis in other 
affected economies may create difficulties for the BPER Group's borrowers to refinance or repay loans to the 
BPER Group's loan portfolio and potentially increase the BPER Group's non-performing loan levels. 
BPER Group's access to liquidity could be damaged by the inability of the Issuer and/or BPER Group to access 
the debt market, including also the forms of borrowing from retail customers, thus compromising compliance with 
prospective regulatory requirements, with consequent negative effects on the operating results and capital and/or 
financial position of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Sudden changes in market conditions (interest rates and creditworthiness in particular) can have significant effects 
on the time to sell, including but not limited to high-quality assets. Significant liquidity shortages, and the 
consequent need to liquidate high-quality assets in large volumes, may change market conditions. In addition to 
this, the consequences of a possible decline of the price of the securities held could make it difficult to ensure that 
the securities can be easily liquidated under favourable economic terms.

--- Page 15 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 7 - 
47-41082286 
 
The prolonged global economic crisis may weaken the economic recovery, partly as a consequence of the exit 
strategies to be implemented by the EU and the United States on withdrawal of the assistance granted in recent 
years to assure the liquidity and stability of the financial system. As a result, the economic and financial position 
of the BPER Group may be further affected. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activity and industry 
Issuer's business activities 
As a credit institution, the Issuer is exposed to the typical risks associated with the business of a financial 
intermediary such as credit risk, market risk, interest rate risk, liquidity and operational risks, in addition to a 
series of other risks typical to such businesses including strategic risk, legal risk, ICT and security risk, tax and 
reputational exposure. 
Credit risk relates to the risk of loss arising from counterparty default (in particular, recoverability of loans) or in 
the broadest sense, from a failure to perform contractual obligations, including on the part of any guarantors. 
The Issuer's business depends to a substantial degree on the creditworthiness of its customers. The Issuer is 
exposed to normal lending risks and thus may not, for reasons beyond its control (such as, for example, fraudulent 
behaviour of customers), have access to all relevant information regarding any particular customer, their financial 
position, or their ability to pay amounts owed or repay amounts borrowed. Although the Issuer has implemented 
a specific process for identifying and managing credit risk, any failure by its customers to accurately report their 
financial and credit position or to comply with the terms of their agreements or other contractual provisions could 
have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business and financial results. 
Market risk relates to the risk arising from market transactions in connection with financial instruments, currencies 
and commodities. The Issuer's trading revenues and the extent of exposure to the interest rate risk are dependent 
upon its ability to effectively identify changes in the value of financial instruments caused by fluctuations in 
market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results are also dependent upon how effectively the Issuer 
determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit risk through portfolio diversification. 
Interest rate risk refers to the possibility of the Issuer incurring losses as a result of a poor performance in market 
interest rates. 
Liquidity risk relates to the Issuer's ability or lack thereof to meet cash disbursements in a timely and economic 
manner. It is quantified as the additional cost arising from asset sales and/or negotiation of new liabilities incurred 
by the intermediary when required to meet unexpected commitments by way of recourse to the market. The 
activity of the Group may be negatively affected by the availability of liquidity in both the institutional and retail 
markets. The Group also borrows from the ECB. Accordingly, any adverse change to the ECB's lending policy, 
including changes to the criteria to identify the asset classes that can be accepted by the ECB as collateral for 
refinancing operations could affect the Group's, business and financial condition. 
For further information please refer to the paragraphs entitled “Credit Risk” and “Financial Risk” under the section 
entitled “Description of the Issuer”. 
Risks related to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer 
Evolving regulatory environment 
As a bank, BPER operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to BPER are 
subject to various and constant changes. 
The Issuer's business is subject to a wide range of regulations among which by Italian and European legislation 
relating to the financial and banking sectors and is subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of 
Italy, CONSOB (the public authority responsible for regulating the Italian securities market), the European Central 
Bank and the European System of Central Banks. 
The Issuer has as its corporate object the raising of funds for investment and the provision of credit in its various 
forms. The laws and regulations applicable to the BPER Group govern the activities in which banks may engage 
and are designed to ensure financial stability, sound and prudent management of banks and other entities in 
banking groups, and to limit their exposure to risk. In addition, BPER must also comply with laws and regulations 
regarding financial services, such as those governing the marketing distribution and sales of financial products 
and services.

--- Page 16 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 8 - 
47-41082286 
 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business activities, 
including (inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, the prevention of money laundering and data protection, while ensuring transparency and proper 
conduct in relations with customers and compliance with records keeping and reporting obligations. 
Regulators and supervisory authorities are taking an increasingly strict approach to regulations and their 
enforcement that may not be to the Issuer's benefit. In addition, the interpretation and the application by regulators 
of the laws and regulations to which the Group is subject may also change from time to time. A breach of any 
regulations by the Issuer could lead to intervention by supervisory authorities, as a consequence the Issuer could 
come under investigation and surveillance and be involved in judicial or administrative proceedings. The Issuer 
may also become subject to new regulations and guidelines that may require additional expenditures, investments 
in systems and people and compliance with which may place additional burdens or restrictions on the Issuer. 
In particular, legislative or regulatory alterations encompassing higher prudential standards, in particular with 
respect to capital and liquidity, could impose a significant regulatory burden on the Issuer or on its Group and 
could limit the Group's ability to distribute capital and liquidity. As a result, such alterations may have a significant 
impact on the Issuer by, among others, requiring the Issuer to maintain a greater proportion of its assets in highly 
liquid but lower-yielding financial instruments, which can negatively affect its interest margin. 
No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, enforced or interpreted in a manner that will 
not have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations of the BPER 
Group. Investors should consult their own advisers as to the consequences for them of the application of the above 
regulations as implemented by each Member State. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive  
The Issuer is required to hold a licence for its operations and is subject to regulation and supervision by authorities 
in European Union and Italy. Extensive regulations are already in place and new regulations and guidelines are 
introduced relatively frequently. The rules applicable to banks and other entities in banking groups are mainly 
provided by implementation of measures consistent with the regulatory framework set out by the Basel Committee 
on Banking Supervision (the "Basel Committee") and aim at preserving their stability and resilience and limiting 
their risk exposure. 
The Issuer is also subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB, the European 
Central Bank ("ECB") and the European System of Central Banks. The banking laws to which the Issuer is subject 
govern the activities in which banks and foundations may engage and are designed to maintain the safety and 
soundness of banks and limit their exposure to risk. In addition, the Issuer must comply with financial services 
laws that govern its marketing and selling practices. The regulatory framework governing international financial 
markets is currently being amended in response to the credit crisis, and new legislation and regulations are being 
introduced in Italy and the European Union that will affect the Issuer including proposed regulatory initiatives 
that could significantly alter the Issuer's capital requirements. 
Moreover, the Issuer is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks imposed under the CRD IV Package, which 
will be impacted, on an on-going basis, by the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process ("SREP"). Following 
the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) the ECB provides, on an annual basis, a final decision of 
the capital requirement that BPER must comply with a consolidated level. However, there can be no assurance 
that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer or the BPER Group from time to time may not be higher 
than the levels of capital available at such time. Also, there can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP 
carried out by the ECB and whether this will impose any further own funds requirements on the Issuer or the 
BPER Group. 
In this context, a few other relevant provisions are the implementation of Directives 2014/49/EU (Deposit 
Guarantee Schemes Directive) of 16 April 2014 and the adoption of the Regulation (EU) no. 806/2014 of the 
European Parliament and the Council of 15 July 2014 (Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation, – so called 
"SRMR"), which may determine a significant impact on the economic and financial position of the Bank and the 
BPER Group, as such rules set the obligation to create specific funds with financial resources that shall be 
provided, starting from 2015, by means of contributions by the credit institutions. 
Moreover, the Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and the Council establishing a framework for 
the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, 
"BRRD", as amended by Directive 879/2019/EU, "BRRD II"), which, inter alia, introduced the so called "bail-
in", Regulation 2019/876/EU (s.c. "CRR II") of the European Parliament and the Council, which amends 
Regulation 575/2013/EU (s.c. "CRR") and the Directive of the Parliament and the Council 2019/878/EU (s.c.

--- Page 17 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 9 - 
47-41082286 
 
"CRD V"), which amends Directive 2013/36/EU (s.c. "CRD IV") must be taken into consideration and put in 
force by BPER Group. 
The CRR and the CRD IV have been recently amended by EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR, the so-
called “CRR III”) and EU Directive 2024/1619 (amending CRD IV, the so-called “CRD VI”), which entered into 
force on 9 July 2024. The CRR III shall apply from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions), while the CRD VI 
shall be implemented by the Member States by 10 January 2026 (with some exceptions). The CRR III, among the 
others, introduces the so-called “output floor”, setting a lower limit on the own funds requirements that are 
produced by banks’ internal models of 72.5% of the own funds requirements that would apply if standardised 
approaches were used by those banks, in order to limit the risk of excessive reductions in capital. 
The BPER Group is subject to the BRRD, as amended from time to time, which is intended to enable a wide range 
of actions that could be taken towards institutions considered to be at risk of failing (i.e. the sale of business, the 
asset separation, the bail-in and the bridge bank). The execution of any action under the BRRD towards the BPER 
Group could materially affect the value of, or any repayments linked to the Notes. 
On 15 October 2013, the Council of the European Union adopted the Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 
granting specific tasks to the ECB as per prudential supervision policies of credit institutions (the "SSM 
Regulation") in order to establish a single supervisory mechanism (the "Single Supervisory Mechanism" or 
"SSM"). From 4 November 2014, the SSM Regulation has given the ECB, in conjunction with the national 
regulatory authorities of the Eurozone and participating Member States, direct supervisory responsibility over 
"banks of significant importance" in the Eurozone. 
Notwithstanding the fulfilment of the relevant criteria, the ECB, on its own initiative after consulting with each 
national competent authority or upon request by a national competent authority, may declare an institution 
significant to ensure the consistent application of high-quality supervisory standards. BPER and the BPER Group 
have been classified, respectively, as a significant supervised entity and a significant supervised group within the 
meaning of Regulation (EU) No. 468/2014 of the European Central Bank of 16 April 2014 establishing the 
framework for co-operation within the Single Supervisory Mechanism between the European Central Bank and 
each national competent authority and with national designated authorities (the "SSM Framework Regulation") 
and, as such, are subject to direct prudential supervision by the ECB in respect of the functions granted to ECB 
by the SSM Regulation and the SSM Framework Regulation. 
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR). On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a 
negotiating mandate for the revision of the CMDI. In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 was adopted, 
containing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the conditions for the treatment 
of domestic MREL 
BPER Group's continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and 
on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions 
in which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with 
new legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time. Moreover, such adaptation 
may lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of 
the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution 
mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a 
negative impact on the Group's business, performance and/or financial condition. 
For further details, please see the section headed “Regulatory Section”. 
Risks arising from pending legal proceedings 
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes related, 
for example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the financial 
products and services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and labour/employment lawsuits. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax proceedings as well as judicial and 
regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which 
cannot be predicted. 
Although the management of the BPER Group believes that the provisions that have been made in the respective 
financial statements are appropriate, a worse than expected outcome of any legal proceedings might cause such

--- Page 18 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 10 - 
47-41082286 
 
provisions to be insufficient to cover the BPER Group's liabilities and have a material adverse effect on the 
financial condition and results of operations of the BPER Group. 
Risks related to the internal control of the Issuer 
Operational risk 
Operational risk relates to the risk of loss arising from shortcomings, failures, violations, errors, interruptions, 
damages in internal processes, people or systems, including, but not limited to IT systems on which BPER is 
highly dependent to perform its business activities, and from external unforeseeable events, including, but not 
limited to the risk of fraud by employees and third parties, unauthorised transactions by employees or operational 
errors, including errors resulting from faulty information technology, telecommunication systems, IT virus, cyber 
attacks or malfunction of electronic and/or communication services. 
For business continuity management, BPER applies a unique organisational model with distributed 
responsibilities, which allows exercising responsibilities for governance and control. The model envisages an 
annual review of the analysis performed to identify critical processes and resources, in order to take account of 
organisational changes that have occurred in the period, the status concerning recovery solutions and, in general, 
all refinements needed to address the outcome of testing performed in the reference period. For the measure of 
the operational risk, the Group adopted the Traditional Standardised Approach (TSA). Any failure or weakness in 
these systems, could however adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance and business activities. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Operational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer”. 
Reputational risk 
Reputational risk is understood as the current or prospective risk of a decline in earnings or capital arising from 
an adverse perception of the Group by customers, employees, counterparties, shareholders, investors or 
Supervisory Authorities with which the Group may be related. 
BPER implemented a reputational risk management framework, the objective of which is to monitor, manage and 
mitigate reputational risk, as well as to provide a structured periodic situation report thereon and measures that 
need to be taken to mitigate any areas of vulnerability that may exist. The framework includes the following 
components: identification and assessment of reputational risk, monitoring the Group's exposure to reputational 
risk, management of particularly critical reputational events, by means of a functional escalation process and the 
determination of short and long-term responses and mitigation and periodic reporting. 
Nonetheless, the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating its 
risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks, including risks that the Issuer fails 
to identify or anticipate.  
If the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies result not to be effective in mitigating the reputational 
risk, and/or if existing or potential customers believe that the Issuer's risk management policies and procedures 
are inadequate, its reputation as well as its revenues and profits may be negatively affected. Any failure to execute 
the Group's reputational risk management framework successfully could materially adversely affect the Group's 
business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 
For further information please refer to the paragraph entitled “Reputational Risk” under the section entitled 
“Description of the Issuer” below. 
Systemic risk 
Concerns about, or a default by, one institution could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or default by 
other institutions because the commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely related as a 
result of credit, trading, clearing or other relationships between institutions. The risk is sometimes referred to as 
"systemic risk" and may adversely affect financial intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, 
banks, securities firms and exchanges with which the Issuer interacts on a daily basis and therefore could adversely 
affect BPER. 
In order to get access to more efficient liquidity sources BPER has started two covered bond programmes 
(respectively, the "First Covered Bond Programme" and the "Second Covered Bond Programme"), structured 
on a soft bullet or a conditional pass-through basis, on a residential rather than commercial mortgage cover pool. 
A third covered bond programme (the "Third Covered Bond Programme"), structured on a hard or soft bullet

--- Page 19 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 11 - 
47-41082286 
 
basis, again on a residential and commercial mortgage cover pool, has been inherited as a consequence of BPER's 
take-over and subsequent merger of Banca Carige S.p.A. (for further details, see the section headed "Description 
of the Issuer" below). Risks related to such financial structured instruments are connected to the capacity of BPER 
to maintain the required over collateralisation ratio between the pools assigned as guarantees and the covered 
bonds issued under the First Covered Bond Programme, the Second Covered Bond Programme and the Third 
Covered Bond Programme. Should a combination of a sharp decrease of the residential or commercial mortgage 
loan production and an appreciable increase of the prepayment rate occur, such circumstance could affect BPER's 
capacity to ensure a suitable claim substitution according to either the First Covered Bond Programme, the Second 
Covered Bond Programme or the Third Covered Bond Programme's provisions. 
Failure to satisfy the structure requirements under either the First Covered Bond Programme, the Second Covered 
Bond Programme or the Third Covered Bond Programme could adversely affect the Issuer's financial performance 
and business activities. 
Risks related to the political, environmental, social and governance environment of the Issuer 
Catastrophic events, terrorist attacks and similar events 
Catastrophic events, political and geopolitical instability, civil disorder, terrorist attacks, organised crime, urban 
violence and similar events, as well as the responses thereto, may create economic and political uncertainties, 
which could have a negative impact on economic conditions in the regions in which the Issuer operates. In turn, 
any of such events could significantly affect the business, financial conditions and results of operations of the 
Issuer in ways that cannot be predicted generating an adverse effect on the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations 
under the Notes. 
Climate change risks 
The Issuer is exposed to risks arising from climate change either directly through its own operations or indirectly 
through its financing and investment activities. Indeed, within this category, climate change can create (i) 
transition risks associated with the move to a carbon neutral economy through policy, regulatory and technological 
changes; (ii) physical risks connected to weather impacts, changes and unpredictability; and (iii) derivative risks, 
which originate from parties, which may suffer losses from the effects of climate change and may seek 
compensation from those they hold responsible. Any of these risks can result in financial losses that could impair 
asset values and the creditworthiness of BPER Group customers and BPER Group, adversely impacting BPER 
Group. 
In addition, climate change may imply, among others, three primary drivers of financial risk that could adversely 
affect BPER Group: 
• 
Credit risks: Physical climate change could lead to increased credit exposure and companies with business 
models not aligned with the transition to a low-carbon economy may face a higher risk of reduced corporate 
earnings and business disruption due to new regulations or market shifts. 
• 
Market risks: Market changes in the most carbon-intensive sectors could affect energy and commodity 
prices, corporate bonds, equities and certain derivatives contracts. Increasing frequency of severe weather 
events could affect macroeconomic conditions, weakening fundamental factors such as economic growth, 
employment and inflation. 
• 
Operational risks: Severe weather events could directly affect business continuity and operations both of 
customers and the Group's. 
Reputational risk could also arise from shifting sentiment among customers and increasing attention and scrutiny 
from other stakeholders (investors, regulators, etc.) on its response to climate change. 
Any of the conditions described above could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Group. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
• 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
• 
Risks related to Notes generally; and 
• 
Risks related to the market generally.

--- Page 20 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 12 - 
47-41082286 
 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or may be perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes 
generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to 
any redemption period. 
Whilst this should not be construed as any indication or suggestion that the Issuer would exercise any early 
redemption option to redeem the Notes, it is possible that the Issuer exercises its option to redeem Notes in 
accordance with (and where permitted by) the Conditions, and in compliance with applicable regulatory 
requirements, at times when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an 
investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the 
previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount 
of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such 
Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Issuer's option to redeem the Notes for tax reason is likely to limit the market value of the Notes, as during 
any period when the Issuer may, or is perceived to be able to, elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the 
Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
In the event that the Issuer be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes due to any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of Italy or any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount 
corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. Potential 
investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In addition, if the 
Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject to the conditions set 
forth in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be 
redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the 
relevant redemption date. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate or the Sterling Overnight Index 
Average ("SONIA"), which determine the amount of interest payable (a "Relevant Factor"). Potential investors 
should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices;

--- Page 21 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 13 - 
47-41082286 
 
(iv) 
if the Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest payable 
likely will be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant Factor, the 
greater the effect on yield. 
Any such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes.  
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risks that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert, in accordance with the 
provisions applicable to the Senior Notes (the "Senior Notes Conditions") and/or the Subordinated Notes (the 
"Subordinated Notes Conditions") (as the case may be), from a fixed rate to a floating rate or from a floating 
rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market 
value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate 
Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same 
reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the 
Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its 
Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes 
If the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued as Reset 
Notes, then such Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if 
applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the 
applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of 
Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Reset Notes. 
A reset of the interest rate could affect the market value of an investment in the Notes 
Fixed Rate Notes may bear interest at an initial Rate of Interest subject to one or more resets during the tenor of 
the Notes. Such reset rate could be less than the initial Rate of Interest and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) 
and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in 
Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status 
of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes, each holder of Senior Preferred 
Note, Senior Non- Preferred Note and of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws 
of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Preferred Note, Senior Non-Preferred Note and Subordinated Note.

--- Page 22 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 14 - 
47-41082286 
 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Notes in Global Form 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form are governed by Italian law and Condition 15 (Governing 
Law; Submission to Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of Notes in Global Form provides that contractual 
and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian Law. The global Notes representing the Notes in Global Form provide that all contractual 
and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the global Notes representing the Notes in 
Global Form are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Notes in Global Form which 
are governed by English law. Furthermore, the Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether 
issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Notes in Global Form are signed by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to Citibank N.A., London Branch as Principal Paying Agent, 
being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Note and 
Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Notes in 
Global Form would be deemed to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 
May 1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that "other debt securities (titoli di 
credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued". 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and the laws applicable to their transfer and circulation 
for any prospective investors in the Notes and any disputes which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer 
of ownership in the Notes on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and 
the relevant applicable European legislation. 
Redemption for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call) 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes in Global Form and to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes, if Regulatory Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Senior Preferred Notes, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes or, as the case may be, the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole, but not in part, at any time (if the Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note), (i) upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
- Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes) with respect to 
the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, as the case 
may be, and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease to qualify (in whole or in part) as 
"Tier II Capital" on a consolidated or non-consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank of Italy or in the applicable legal or 
regulatory provisions (including legal or regulatory provisions adopted by the European Union). 
At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest 
rate as high as the interest rate on the Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes (as the case may be) being redeemed 
and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the 
Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes 
as of the relevant redemption date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the 
exercise of such right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(l) (Conditions 
to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and, in any 
case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding 
to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Risks related to Senior Notes  
Senior Notes 
Senior Notes eligibility for the purposes of the MREL Requirements is subject to uncertainty 
The Senior Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL requirements and, to the extent 
applicable to the Issuer, TLAC requirements (together, the "MREL Requirements") (as defined in Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Notes in Global Form and 
in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for 
Dematerialised Notes). However, there is uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL

--- Page 23 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 15 - 
47-41082286 
 
Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Notes will be or remain eligible for the 
purposes of the MREL Requirements. 
The MREL Requirements do not currently require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance 
of Senior Notes that such Notes will qualify as MREL eligible liabilities (subject to prescribed limits, if any, on 
the quantum of Senior Notes which may be included in the Issuer's MREL eligible liabilities) on issue. Although 
it is the Issuer's expectation that the Senior Notes may qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of meeting 
the Issuer's MREL Requirements, the Issuer may be subject to limits as to the quantum of Senior Notes which 
may be included in its MREL eligible liabilities and, in any case, there can be no representation that the Senior 
Notes of any Series are or will remain MREL eligible liabilities during the life of such Series of Senior Notes. If 
they are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL 
Requirements and subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing 
the MREL requirements), then an MREL Disqualification Event will occur, with the consequences indicated in 
the risk factor below and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms 
and Conditions for Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes. 
Variation following an MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment Event 
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes, if Modification following an MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment 
Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event, an Alignment Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), modify the terms and conditions of all (but not some 
only) of Senior Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), without any requirement for the consent or approval 
of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL 
Disqualification Event or Alignment Event would exist after such modification and/or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), provided that the 
relevant conditions set forth in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes are satisfied. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Senior Notes are varied, Noteholders may, 
as a result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be 
borne by the Noteholder. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted  
Any early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to 
such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time, including 
any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, the early redemption or repurchase of Senior Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to 
meet MREL Requirements is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority where applicable from time 
to time under the applicable laws and regulations. The Banking Reform Package state that the Relevant Authority 
would approve an early redemption of the Senior Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes where any of the 
following conditions is met: 
• 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; 
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for 
Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or  
• 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from 
time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 24 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 16 - 
47-41082286 
 
The Relevant Authority shall consult with the Relevant Resolution Authority before granting that permission. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
Banks and companies belonging to banking groups may issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called 
"strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
To qualify as senior non-preferred securities, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes must comply with certain 
requirements, such as: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least twelve months; 
(ii) 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, as defined 
under Article 1, section 2-ter, of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
"Financial Services Act"), nor include any feature of such derivative securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €150,000 (as subsequently amended from time to time); 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993, as amended (the "Consolidated Banking Act"). 
Pursuant to Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, in the event an issuer of 
senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa), the 
relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors 
(including depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred 
obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-
preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred 
securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that: 
(a) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of 
the entire agreement; 
(b) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(c) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-
bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act were recently enacted and that, as at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian 
court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect 
thereof. Consequently, it is possible that a regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued 
in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations 
In order to satisfy the provisions of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in Condition 
4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions 
for the Dematerialised Notes), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any

--- Page 25 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 17 - 
47-41082286 
 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, 
senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in the event that the Issuer is subject to compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa). As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher 
than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities 
(such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Preferred Notes 
which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become subject to compulsory liquidation 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa). Thus, such holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes face an increased 
performance risk compared to holders of Senior Preferred Notes. 
Risk of classification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements. Current regulatory practice of the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or 
customarily provide for) a confirmation to be given prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" pursuant to and for the purposes of Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - 
Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes) there can be no assurance that the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will so qualify upon issue and will continue to so qualify during their life. Upon the 
occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event, the Issuer will have the right to redeem the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory 
Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes. Any redemption of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
issued by the Issuer is subject to the provisions of Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and of Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption 
and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes. 
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate and, in any case, the relevant redemption amount of the Notes to be redeemed may be 
lower than the amount corresponding to the then current market value of such Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. In 
addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Senior Non-Preferred Notes at its option, the exercise of such 
right is subject to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and 
Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and, in any case, the relevant 
redemption amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount 
corresponding to the then current market value of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes as of the relevant redemption 
date. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are complex instruments that may not be suitable for certain investors 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are novel and complex financial instruments and may not be a suitable investment 
for certain investors. Each potential investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should determine the suitability 
of such investment in light of its own circumstances and have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear 
the risks of an investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, including the possibility that the entire principal 
amount of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be lost. A potential investor should not invest in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes unless it has the knowledge and expertise (either alone or with a financial advisor) to evaluate 
how the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the market 
value of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the impact of this investment on the potential investor's overall 
investment portfolio.

--- Page 26 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 18 - 
47-41082286 
 
Credit rating which may be assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Upon issue, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be rated by one or more credit rating agencies. Such credit rating 
may be lower than the Issuer's credit rating, since it reflects the increased risk of loss in the event of the Issuer's 
insolvency. As a result, Senior Non-Preferred Notes are likely to be rated by one or more credit rating agencies 
close to the level of subordinated debt and as such may be subject to a higher risk of price volatility than the Senior 
Preferred Notes. 
In addition, the rating may change in the future depending on the assessment, by one or more credit rating 
agencies, of the impact on the different instrument classes resulting from the modified liability structure following 
the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Furthermore, credit rating agencies may seek to rate any Senior Non-Preferred Notes on an "unsolicited" basis 
and, if such "unsolicited ratings" are lower than the comparable ratings assigned to such Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes on a "solicited" basis, such shadow or unsolicited ratings could have an adverse effect on the value of any 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Risks related to Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, or in the event that the Issuer becomes subject to 
an order of "liquidazione coatta amministrativa" as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it will be required 
to pay the holders of senior debt (including the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) and meet its obligations to all its other creditors ranking senior to the holders of the Subordinated Notes 
(including unsecured creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, 
there could be an impact on the timing of payment of the amounts due under the relevant Subordinated Notes or 
the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated 
Notes and/or payments to Noteholders may be delayed with respect to payments made to holders of senior debt 
and/or other creditors. 
Furthermore, the BRRD provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and applied the 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation 
tools. 
These consist of the public equity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and 
the BRRD. As an exemption from these principles, the BRRD allows for three kinds of extraordinary public 
support to be provided to a solvent institution without triggering resolution: 1) a State guarantee to back liquidity 
facilities provided by central banks according to the central banks' conditions; 2) a State guarantee of newly issued 
liabilities; or 3) an injection of Own Funds (as defined in the CRR as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations) in the form of precautionary recapitalisation. In the case of precautionary 
recapitalisation EU state aid rules require that shareholders and junior bond holders (such as holders of the 
Subordinated Notes) contribute to the costs of restructuring. 
As a result, Subordinated Notes may be subject to a partial or full write-down or conversion to common equity 
Tier 1 instruments of the Issuer or one of the Group's entities or another institution. Accordingly, trading behaviour 
may also be affected by the threat that non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-in tool) may be applied to 
Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework and the BRRD may be 
applied and, as a result, Subordinated Notes are not necessarily expected to follow the trading behaviour associated 
with other types of securities. Noteholders should consider the risk that they may lose all of their investment, 
including the principal amount plus any accrued interest if the non-viability loss absorption (or the general bail-
in tool) is applied to the Subordinated Notes or the burden sharing requirements of the EU state aid framework 
and the BRRD are applied or that such Subordinated Notes may be converted into ordinary shares which ordinary 
shares may be of little value at the time of conversion. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing BRRD II in Italy and published on 30 
November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-ter of the Consolidated Banking Act. Such provisions state that (i) if an 
instrument is only partly recognised as an Own Funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency 
as a claim resulting from an Own Funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an 
Own Funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as Own Funds item, it would cease to be treated as

--- Page 27 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 19 - 
47-41082286 
 
a claim resulting from an Own Funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with 
respect to any claim that results from an Own Funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). 
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as Own Funds items in the 
future: 
(a) 
their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and  
(b) 
in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay 
the holders of the Notes and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from 
liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an Own Funds instrument, in full before it can make any 
payments on any other Subordinated Notes which are still recognised (at least in part) as Own Funds 
instruments. 
The terms of the Subordinated Notes include provisions, a number of which are mandated by the Bank of Italy or 
any European supervisory authority regulations, which may affect the ability of the Issuer to make payments under 
the Notes. Such provisions, including the terms of their subordination, the limited number of events of default and 
the limited right of the Noteholders to accelerate such Notes, are described in the "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes" below. Prospective investors in Subordinated Notes should therefore read the relevant provisions of the 
"Terms and Conditions of the Notes" carefully before making any investment decision. 
Regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should qualify on 
issue as "Tier II Capital", for so long as this is permitted under the Bank of Italy regulations. Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of 
Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. There can be no assurance that any such Subordinated 
Notes will continue to qualify as "Tier II Capital" during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be 
grandfathered under the implementation of further EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not 
grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify (in whole or in part), as "Tier II Capital", the Issuer will (if 
so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 4(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form 
and Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Bank of Italy. 
At those times, an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high 
as the interest rate on the Subordinated Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. In addition, if the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, the exercise of such right is subject 
to the previsions set forth in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of 
the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes and, in any case, the relevant redemption 
amount of the Subordinated Notes to be redeemed may be lower than the amount corresponding to the then current 
market value of such Subordinated Notes as of the relevant redemption date. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The Applicable Banking Regulations prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant 
Authority to a request by the Issuer to redeem a Series of Subordinated Notes prior to their stated maturity or 
repurchase the Subordinated Notes. Any early redemption or purchase of Subordinated Notes is subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or purchase set out in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations at the relevant time and to the other provisions set out in Condition 4(l)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption 
and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 4(l)(ii) 
(Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
There can be no assurance that the Relevant Authority will permit any redemption or purchase of Subordinated 
Notes. In addition, the Issuer may elect not to exercise any option to redeem any Subordinated Notes early. Holders 
of Subordinated Notes should be aware that they may be required to bear the financial risks of an investment in 
such Notes for an extended period. 
Variation following a Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event 
In relation to any Series of Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Tax Event, Alignment Event or 
Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of

--- Page 28 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 20 - 
47-41082286 
 
a Tax Event, Alignment Event or Regulatory Event and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global 
Form and Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, modify the terms and conditions (in each case of all but not some only) of such 
Subordinated Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification is reasonably 
necessary to ensure that no Tax Event, Alignment Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such modification 
and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-
in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of 
Statutory Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, provided that the relevant 
conditions set forth in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes are satisfied. See also "Variation following an MREL Disqualification 
Event" risk factor related to the Senior Notes. 
Investors should be aware that, where the terms and conditions of such Notes are varied, Noteholders may, as a 
result, among other things, be assessed as a class rather than individually, and any tax consequences may be borne 
by the Noteholders. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
The Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive may affect the Notes  
The Regulatory Authorities have, pursuant to the BRRD framework, the power to apply "resolution" tools if the 
Issuer is failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to liquidazione coatta amministrativa (compulsory liquidation 
proceedings). Specifically, these tools are: (1) the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the 
establishment of a bridging organization; (3) the separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which 
are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital 
instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior 
Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the 
relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33(a) of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure 
in an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. 
Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security.  
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by a 
Regulatory Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Regulatory Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, 
and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Regulatory Authority.  
The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise taking place could, therefore, have 
a material adverse effect on the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in any Notes and/or 
the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under any Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the exercise of the 
resolution power by the Relevant Authority (as defined in the sections "Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
Global Form" and "Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes") will not constitute an event of default 
under the Notes. 
For a description of the loss absorption requirement, see Condition 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and Condition 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 29 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 21 - 
47-41082286 
 
The Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of the Notes as defined in the Terms and Conditions, being events upon which 
the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be immediately due and payable, are limited to circumstances in which 
the relevant Issuer becomes subject to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to 
Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act (as amended from time to time) as set out in Condition 
9 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global Form and Condition 8 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable. 
Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in the Terms and Conditions), 
even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, or in 
case of the exercise of any bail-in by the Relevant Authority, the Noteholders will not have the right of acceleration 
of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the 
Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer 
will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the 
same would otherwise have been payable by it. Furthermore, investors should take into account that the terms and 
conditions of the Notes do not provide for negative pledge provisions. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest 
With respect to an issuance of Dematerialised Notes under the Programme, the Issuer may act as Paying Agent or 
Calculation Agent, while with respect an issuance of Notes in Global Form, the Issuer or the Agent may act as 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer may appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent. In such a case the Calculation Agent 
is likely to be a member of a financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range 
of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where 
relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other 
banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which 
may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market 
price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Modification and waiver 
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global 
Form and Annex 1 to the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, and summarised in 
Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global 
Form and in Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver), as applicable. 
Noteholders' meetings may be called to consider matters affecting Noteholders' interests generally. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote 
at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. In addition, pursuant to 
Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and to 
Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes, certain changes 
may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in 
such Conditions. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
To the extent applicable, Notes issued under the Programme will be in dematerialised form and evidenced at any 
time through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect 
of the Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Dematerialised Notes are represented by book entries, 
investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Dematerialised Notes are 
held in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli and 
the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer. 
Risks relating to change of law or administrative practices  
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes are based on the laws of Italy in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to the laws or administrative 
practice of Italy after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely impact the 
value of any Notes affected by it.

--- Page 30 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 22 - 
47-41082286 
 
No gross up on withholding tax 
The Notes may be subject to withholding taxes in circumstances where the Issuer is not obliged to make gross up 
payments and this would result in Noteholders receiving less interest than expected and could significantly 
adversely affect their return on the Notes. 
Tax changes may affect the tax treatment of the Notes 
Italian Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023, as amended (“Law 111”), delegates power to the Italian government to 
enact, within twenty-four months from its publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform 
of the Italian tax system (the “Tax Reform”). 
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform will significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, extent, 
and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately.  
Investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of financial incomes and 
capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital gains accrued or realised under 
the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investment. 
Prospective investors should consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax consequences described above. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Withholding ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to provisions of law commonly known as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), 
the Issuer and other non-U.S. financial institutions through which payments on the Notes are made may be 
required to withhold U.S. tax at a rate of 30 per cent on all, or a portion of, "foreign passthru payments". According 
to Proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, such withholding should begin no earlier than 2 years after the date of 
publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term foreign passthru payments. Such withholding 
may have to be made in respect of such foreign passthru payments on (i) any Notes characterized as debt (or which 
are not otherwise characterized as equity) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued or materially modified after 
the date that is six months after the date of publication of final U.S. Treasury Regulations defining the term 
"foreign passthru payments" and (ii) any Notes characterized as equity for U.S. federal tax purposes, whenever 
issued. 
In order to improve international tax compliance and to implement FATCA, Italy entered into an 
intergovernmental agreement with the United States on 10 January 2014 ("IGA"), ratified by way of Law No. 95 
on 18 June 2015, published in the Official Gazette – general series No. 155, on 7 July 2015. The Issuer is now 
required to report certain information in relation to its U.S. account holders to the Italian tax authorities in order 
(i) to obtain an exemption from FATCA withholding on certain payments it receives and/or (ii) to comply with 
any applicable Italian law. However, it is not yet certain how the United States and Italy will address withholding 
on "foreign passthru payments" (which may include payments on the Notes) or if such withholding will be 
required at all. 
This withholding tax may be triggered on payments on the Notes where the Issuer or the Paying Agent is a foreign 
financial institution ("FFI") that is required to withhold on "foreign passthru payments", that it makes to a 
"recalcitrant account holder" or another FFI that is neither a "participating FFI" nor a "deemed-compliant FFI" (as 
such terms are defined in FATCA, including any accompanying U.S. regulations or guidance). The IGA may 
modify such withholding tax requirements. 
If an amount in respect of U.S. withholding tax were to be deducted or withheld from interest, principal or other 
payments on the Notes as a result of FATCA, none of the Issuer, the Paying Agent or any other person would be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the deduction or withholding. As a result, investors may receive 
amounts that are less than expected. An investor who is able to claim the benefits of an income tax treaty between 
its own jurisdiction and the United States may be entitled to a refund of amounts withheld pursuant to the FATCA 
rules, though the investor would have to file a U.S. tax return to claim this refund and would not be entitled to 
interest from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") for the period prior to the refund. 
However, whilst the Notes are in global form and held within the ICSDs, in all but the most remote circumstances, 
it is expected that FATCA will not affect the amount of any payments made under, or in respect of, the Notes by 
the Issuer, any paying agent and the common depositary and common safekeeper, given that each of the entities 
in the payment chain between the Issuer and the participants in the ICSDs is a major financial institution whose

--- Page 31 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 23 - 
47-41082286 
 
business is dependent on compliance with FATCA. Further, FFIs in a jurisdiction that has entered into an IGA 
with the United States are generally not expected to be subject to being withheld upon under FATCA or an IGA 
unless such FFI is treated as a nonparticipating FFI. The documentation expressly contemplates the possibility 
that the Notes may go into definitive form and therefore that they may be taken out of the ICSDs. If this were to 
happen, then a non-FATCA compliant holder could be subject to FATCA withholding. However, definitive Notes 
will only be printed in remote circumstances. 
FATCA withholding, if ever required, may affect payments made to custodians or intermediaries in the payment 
chain leading to the Issuer, or the ultimate investor, if any such custodian or intermediary generally is unable to 
receive payments free of FATCA withholding. FATCA withholding may also affect payment to any ultimate 
investor that is an FFI that is not entitled to receive payments free of withholding under FATCA, or an ultimate 
investor that fails to provide its broker (or other custodian or intermediary from which it receives payment) with 
any information, forms, other documentation or consents that may be necessary for the payments to be made free 
of FATCA withholding. 
Each Noteholder should consult its own tax adviser to obtain a more detailed explanation of FATCA and to 
understand how FATCA might affect each Noteholder in its specific circumstances. 
Certain benchmark rates including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such 
"benchmarks" to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which 
cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a 
"benchmark". 
Key international reforms of "benchmarks" include IOSCO's proposed Principles for Financial Market 
Benchmarks (July 2013) (the "IOSCO Benchmark Principles") and the EU Benchmarks Regulation of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments 
and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC 
and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to "contributors", "administrators" and "users of" "benchmarks" in the EU, and among other 
things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject 
to an equivalent regulatory regime) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the administration 
of "benchmarks" and (ii) bans the use of "benchmarks" of unauthorised administrators, among other things, applies 
to the provision of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by 
UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The scope of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation is wide and, in addition to so-called "critical 
benchmark" indices such as EURIBOR, could also potentially apply to many other interest rate indices, as well 
as equity, commodity and foreign exchange rate indices and other indices (including "proprietary" indices or 
strategies) which are referenced in listed financial instruments (including listed Notes), financial contracts and 
investment funds.  
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could also have a material 
impact on any listed Notes linked to a "benchmark" index, including in any of the following circumstances: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate 
EU or UK authorisations or is based in a non-EU or non-UK jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable 
transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular 
"benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted; 
(ii) 
the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" related to a series of Notes could be changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of 
reducing or increasing the rate or level of the "benchmark" or of affecting the volatility of the published 
rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, including Calculation Agent 
determination of the rate or level in its discretion.

--- Page 32 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 24 - 
47-41082286 
 
Any of the international, national or other reforms (or proposals for reform) or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks" could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or participate in certain "benchmarks", 
trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks".  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 11 
May 2021 the euro risk-free rate working group published its recommendation on EURIBOR fallback trigger 
events and fallback rates. The recommended fallback rates are based on the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR"). 
Although EURIBOR has subsequently been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the 
value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), such an event may be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the issue date of a Series of Notes and the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to 
appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as further described in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
in Global Form and in Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised 
Notes) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. Please refer to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes for the full definitions of a Benchmark Event. 
In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent 
Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate, or where (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) amendments to the terms of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global 
Form and with Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) or (in the 
case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) would result in the Relevant Authority treating 
an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) may result in the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) being the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there 
has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate may be the Reference Rate applicable to the first 
Interest Period. This may result in effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to 
be Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, 
the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have been made 
on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, while any Adjustment 
Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between 
counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes 
performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the Reference 
Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect 
on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change 
to the setting or existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations

--- Page 33 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 25 - 
47-41082286 
 
under the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, 
and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or 
national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations 
and licensing issues in making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a 
"benchmark" since the rate of interest will be changed in ways which may be adverse to holders of such Notes, 
without any requirement that the consent of such holders be obtained. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates (including overnight rates) as a reference rate for 
Floating Rate Notes 
The use of risk-free rates, including those such as SONIA and €STR, as reference rates for Eurobonds continues 
to develop. This relates not only to the substance of the calculation and the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates, but also how widely such rates and 
methodologies might be adopted. 
The market, or a significant part thereof, may adopt an application of risk free rates that differs (also significantly) 
from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Notes referenced to a reference rate under the 
Programme. Interest on Notes which reference certain risk free rates is only capable of being determined 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference 
such risk free rate to reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Furthermore, 
if the Notes become due and payable or are otherwise redeemed early on a date other than an Interest Payment 
Date, the Rate of Interest payable for the final Interest Period in respect of such Notes shall only be determined 
immediately prior to the date the Notes became due and payable and shall not be reset thereafter. Furthermore, 
with respect to SONIA linked Notes, the Issuer may in the future issue Notes referencing SONIA that differ 
materially in terms of interest determination when compared with any previous SONIA linked Notes issued by it 
under the Programme. The development of Compounded Daily SONIA as an interest reference rate for the 
Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA-based rates for such market and the market 
infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise 
affect the market price of any SONIA-referenced Notes issued under the Programme from time to time. Investors 
should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such Floating Rate 
Notes. 
The administrator of SONIA may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or discontinue SONIA 
The Bank of England (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, including changes related to the method by which SONIA is calculated, 
eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA 
(in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the Notes will apply). 
The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, 
converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA. 
Because the Global Notes in respect of the Notes in Global Form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on the procedures of the clearing systems 
Notes in Global Form issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more global Notes. Such global 
Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant global Notes, investors will not 
be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the 
beneficial interests in the global Notes. While the Notes in Global Form are represented by one or more global 
Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
While the Notes in Global Form are represented by one or more global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment 
obligations under the Notes in Global Form by making payments to the common depositary or, as the case may 
be, common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A 
holder of a beneficial interest in a global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream,

--- Page 34 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 26 - 
47-41082286 
 
Luxembourg to receive payments under the relevant Notes in Global Form. The Issuer has no responsibility or 
liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the global Notes. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant 
Notes in Global Form. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. Similarly, holders of beneficial interests 
in the global Notes will not have a direct right under the Global Notes to take enforcement action against the 
Issuer unless the Notes have become due and repayable and definitive notes are not being issued in exchange for 
global Notes. 
Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a "Green Bond", "Social Bond" or "Sustainability Bond" 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer's 
intention to apply an amount equal to the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and 
activities that promote "green" purposes ("Green Bonds" and "Eligible Green Assets") and "social" purposes 
("Social Bonds" and "Eligible Social Assets") or a combination of "green" and "social" purposes ("Sustainability 
Bonds" and "Eligible Sustainability Assets" and, together with the Eligible Green Assets and Eligible Social 
Assets, the "Eligible Assets"). 
Prospective investors should have regard to the information contained in the section "Use of Proceeds" and in the 
applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for themselves the relevance of such 
information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with any other investigation such investor 
deems necessary. 
There is currently no firm market consensus as to what bonds may qualify as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds, or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green", 
in the case of Green Bonds, "social", in the case of Social Bonds, or "sustainable", in the case of Sustainability 
Bonds, or be given other equivalent label, nor can any assurance be given that a clear definition or consensus will 
develop over time. The lack of market consensus is, to a certain degree, mitigated through voluntary measures, 
such as by complying with the relevant set of principles published by the International Capital Market Association 
("ICMA"), notably green bond principles (the "Green Bond Principles"), social bond principles (the "Social 
Bond Principles") and sustainability bond guidelines (the "Sustainability Bond Guidelines", and together with 
the Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles, the "Principles"), or by obtaining an external review. 
The Principles aim to promote integrity of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond markets through 
transparency, disclosure and reporting by the issuers. The Principles provide high-level categories for Eligible 
Assets and give other guidance on the key components involved in launching a credible Green, Social or 
Sustainability Bond. However, given a broad categorisation of project eligibility by the Principles, diversity of 
current market views and the ongoing development in the understanding of environmental and social issues and 
their consequences, a degree of uncertainty with respect to what projects or activities qualify as "green", "social" 
or "sustainability", and as result which bonds qualify as Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds, may be inevitable. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of "green" and "sustainable" has been established in the EU with 
the publication in the Official Journal of the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of a 
framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final social 
taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the 
Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission approved 
the Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act (as defined below), formally adopted on 4 June 2021, introducing a first set 
of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to the following environmental 
objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation 
(the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 
2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, 
covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which was published in the Official Journal on 15 July 2022 and it 
applies as of January 2023. The criteria for the specific gas and nuclear activities are in line with EU climate and 
environmental objectives and will help accelerate the shift from solid or liquid fossil fuels, including coal, towards 
a climate-neutral future. A second delegated act setting out proposed technical screening criteria for economic 
activities that make a substantial contribution to the (non-climate) environmental objectives of the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation was adopted by the Commission on 27 June 2023. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, 
the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation") which apply from 1 January 2023. In addition, on 25 July 2022 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1288, supplementing the SFDR with regard to RTS specifying the 
details of the content and presentation of the information in relation to the principle of "do no significant harm", 
specifying the content, methodologies and presentation of information in relation to sustainability indicators and

--- Page 35 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 27 - 
47-41082286 
 
adverse sustainability impacts, and the content and presentation of the information in relation to the promotion of 
environmental or social characteristics and sustainable investment objectives in pre-contractual documents, on 
websites and in periodic reports ("SFDR RTS"), was published in the Official Journal. The new RTS apply from 
1 January 2023. On 31 October 2022 the European Commission adopted the Delegated Regulation (EU) 2023/363 
amending and correcting the standards laid down in the SFDR RTS to ensure investors receive information 
reflecting provisions set out in the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2022/1214 of 9 March 2022. The 
Delegated Regulation has been published in the Official Journal on 17 February 2023 and has come into force on 
the third day after publication in the Official Journal. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission 
to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation 
may result in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other 
amendments to reflect technological progress.  
On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a European standard for 
green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard") setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds 
raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full 
transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance activities to be carried 
out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its 
supervision. In this respect, on 22 November 2023, Regulation (EU) 2023/2631 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council on European Green Bonds and optional disclosures for bonds marketed as environmentally 
sustainable and for sustainability-linked bonds was enacted and will apply starting from 21 December 2024.  
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given to investors that: 
• 
the application of an amount equal to the net proceeds for any Eligible Assets will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment 
criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply in accordance 
with any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other 
governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, social or sustainability impact of any Eligible Assets); and 
• 
any Eligible Assets will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such "green", "environmental", 
"social" or "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives (including those set out 
under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse environmental, social and/or 
other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any Eligible Assets. Moreover, where adverse 
impacts are insufficiently mitigated, the relevant Eligible Assets may become controversial and may 
generate negative market opinion. 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", "social", "sustainable" 
or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not regulated), no 
representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such listing or admission 
satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own articles of association or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect environmental, social or 
sustainability impact of a relevant Eligible Assets. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such 
listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any 
representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or 
admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission 
to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes. 
Moreover, in light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market conventions in the green, 
sustainable and positive social impact markets, there is a risk that the legal frameworks and/or definitions may (or 
may not) be modified to adapt any update that may be made to the Green Bond Principles and/or the Social Bond 
Principles and/or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines and/or the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy framework. 
Any such changes could have an adverse effect on the liquidity and value of and return on any such green or social 
or sustainable bonds. 
With reference to any Notes in respect of which the applicable Final Terms state that an amount equal to the 
proceeds will be used to finance or refinance Eligible Assets, while it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an 
amount equal to the net proceeds of any Notes in such a manner, there can be no assurance that the relevant 
projects (either resulting from the original application of the proceeds of the Notes or a subsequent reallocation 
of such proceeds, as the case may be), will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such manner 
and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally disbursed for

--- Page 36 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 28 - 
47-41082286 
 
the specified Green, Social or Sustainability Assets. Nor can there be any assurance that (i) such Green, Social or 
Sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or, (ii) with the results or outcome as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer, or (iii) the originally designated green project or social project or 
sustainable project (or any project(s) resulting from any subsequent reallocation of some or all of the proceeds of 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds) will not be the potentially or actual disqualified 
as such. 
Any such event or failure by the Issuer (including to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to green or 
social or sustainable bonds), any actual or potential maturity mismatch between the green, social or sustainable 
asset(s) towards which an amount equal to the proceeds of the Notes may have been applied and the relevant 
Notes or if any other risk(s) set out or contemplated by this risk factor with respect to Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
or Sustainability Bonds are realised, such occurrence will not, with respect to any Notes (including for the 
avoidance of doubt, any Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes), (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against 
the Issuer; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to 
redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional 
redemption rights in respect of any Notes and/or give a right to a Noteholder to request early redemption; (iv) 
affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello, Tier II Capital or as 
eligible liabilities instruments or impact any of the features of such Notes, including (without limitation, as 
applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of payments (as applicable); 
(v) have any impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 
2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes in Global Form and in Conditions 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes), 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes, 
or (vi) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power (or any other provision of the applicable regulations). For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, nor any 
amount equal to such proceeds and the operation of any other features will be segregated by the Issuer from its 
capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on the relevant Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the performance of the relevant project nor have any 
preferred right against such assets. 
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the application 
of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities instruments and, as such, 
an amount equal to the proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying as Own 
Funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless of their "green", 
"social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. The fact that Notes which qualify as Own Funds or eligible 
liabilities (which may include, for the avoidance of doubt, Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes) are also Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not impact (i) any of the features of such Notes, including 
(without limitation, as applicable) features relating to ranking, permanence, loss absorption and/or flexibility of 
payments or enhance the performance of the relevant Notes in any way, (ii) the availability of the Notes (or the 
amounts equal to the proceeds thereof) to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any green, social or 
sustainable assets towards which an amount equal to the proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied 
or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the applicable regulations, (iii) the 
relevant CRR eligibility criteria applicable to the qualification of the relevant Notes as Own Funds or eligible 
liabilities (as appropriate) or applicability of the relevant BRRD requirements for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities or (iv) the risks related to the qualification of such Notes as Own Funds or eligible liabilities (as 
appropriate). The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does 
not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject to the same 
risks relating to their level of subordination and the enforcement rights of the holders of the Notes will be equally 
extremely limited. 
Any failure to apply an amount equal to the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Eligible Assets as aforesaid 
and/or withdrawal of any opinion or certification or any opinion or certification attesting that the Issuer is not 
complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying 
on and/or any Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as 
aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such Notes and also potentially the value of any other 
Notes which are intended to finance or refinance Eligible Assets, and/or result in adverse consequences for certain 
investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Eligible Assets to fulfil environmental and 
sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility 
criteria, any verification of whether the Green Assets, Social Assets or Sustainability Assets meet the eligibility 
criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer's framework once available 
on its website for information and should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in

--- Page 37 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 29 - 
47-41082286 
 
this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should be based upon such investigation 
as they deem necessary and such framework is not incorporated by reference. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or certification of 
any third party relating to any Green or Social Bonds 
ISS Corporate Solutions has issued an independent opinion, dated 12 May 2023, on the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (the "Second Party Opinion"). The Second Party Opinion provides an opinion 
on certain environmental and related considerations is a statement of opinion, not a statement of fact. No 
representation or assurance is given as to the suitability or reliability of the Second Party Opinion or any opinion 
or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) made or which may be available in 
connection with an issue of Notes issued as Green or Social or Sustainable Bonds and in particular with any 
Eligible Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. The Second Party Opinion 
and any other such opinion or certification is not intended to address any credit, market or other aspects of any 
investment in any Note, including without limitation market price, marketability, investor preference or suitability 
of any security or any other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The Second Party Opinion and any 
other opinion or certification is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any such Notes and is current only as 
of the date it was initially issued.  
The criteria and/or considerations that formed the basis of the Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion 
or certification may change at any time and the Second Party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, 
replaced and/or withdrawn at any time. Any withdrawal of the Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green or Social Bonds in respect of which 
such opinion or certification is given and /or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ISS 
Corporate Solutions being the provider of such opinions and certifications is not subject to any specific regulatory 
or other regime or oversight. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the reliability of the provider of such 
opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such Green Bond or Social Bond or Sustainability 
Bond. The Second Party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification does not form part of, nor is 
incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus.  
Minimum Denomination 
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum denomination (the 
"Minimum Denomination") of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, €150,000 (or, in each case, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency) or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, €200,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency) or such other higher amount 
as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) and (ii) an 
amount which is greater than the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) but which is an integral multiple of 
a smaller amount (such as €1,000). Where this occurs, Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Minimum 
Denomination (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent). 
In such a case, a holder who as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the Minimum 
Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to an integral multiple 
of the Minimum Denomination. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk. 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. Accordingly, there is no 
assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for the Notes. If a market does develop, it may 
not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide 
them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. If the Notes are 
traded after their initial issuance, they may be traded at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon 
prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial conditions 
of the Issuer. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment

--- Page 38 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 30 - 
47-41082286 
 
requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes would generally have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely 
adverse effect on the market value of Notes, although application has been made to list the Notes on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, 
in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of 
such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Notes at any 
time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by country specific 
reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may change significantly (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market value 
of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal. 
Rating 
Credit or corporate ratings may not reflect all risks. One or more independent rating agencies may assign ratings 
to the Notes and/or the Issuer. The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, 
market, additional factors discussed in this paragraph, and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or 
the standing of the Issuer. A credit rating and/or a corporate rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. Any adverse change in the applicable 
credit rating could adversely affect the trading price of the Notes. 
Furthermore, in general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the 11 EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ( the "UK CRA Regulation") unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the rate 
paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Transfers of the Notes may be restricted, which may adversely affect the secondary market liquidity and/or 
trading prices of the Notes 
Subject to applicable Italian laws and regulations, the ability to transfer the Notes may also be restricted by 
securities laws or regulations of certain countries or regulatory bodies. See "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws or the 
securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not offer the Notes in the United States or for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. It is the obligation of each

--- Page 39 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 31 - 
47-41082286 
 
Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations. In 
addition, transfers to certain persons in certain other jurisdictions may be limited by law and regulations, or may 
result in the imposition of penalties or liability. For a description of restrictions which may be applicable to 
transfers of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes may be delisted 
Application has also been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing 
and/or quotation by any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to 
maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any 
delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary 
market. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing, and (iii) other restrictions apply to the purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 40 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 32 - 
47-41082286 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and makes no omission likely 
to affect its import. 
Certification of the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports, pursuant to Article 
154-bis, paragraph 2 of Consolidated Finance Act. 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports, Marco Bonfatti, declares in accordance with 
Article 154-bis, paragraph 2 of the Consolidated Finance Act, that the accounting data contained in this Base 
Prospectus agrees with the underlying documents, books of accounting entries.

--- Page 41 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 33 - 
47-41082286 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the following documents which have 
previously been published or which are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus. Such documents 
shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base Prospectus, save that any statement contained in 
a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base 
Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether 
expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified 
or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
1. 
Issuer's Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus, that can be obtained at 
the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/191148577/Articles+of+Association.pdf/7ad14f30-6f1b-
4812-4a03-38866f41e523?version=4.0&t=1725980415333&download=true 
2. 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024, that can 
be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+Half-
Year+Report+as+at+30+06+2024.pdf/919b31e7-130a-1352-f6c1-
b22bcfedefb4?version=1.0&t=1726240730932  
3. 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 
2024, that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2792002767/Consolidated+interim+report+on+operations+
as+at+31+03+2024.pdf/42406a86-70cb-dfae-f22b-66351b847833?version=1.0&t=1718888405910  
4. 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, that can be 
obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/2023+ANNUAL+REPORTS_PDF.pdf/98960
6d1-e56d-8021-7632-caa843d1cdd5?version=1.0&t=1715623102665 
5. 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023, that can 
be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2732143984/Consolidated+half+year+report+as+at+30+06
+2023.pdf/dfe5fb52-aa54-ebaa-7839-8f7cf8ba3c2e?version=1.0&t=1696588702782  
6. 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022, that 
can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2131684318/Annual+Report+2022+%28PDF%29.pdf/b85
17d71-0cce-df7f-aa54-87d355d1d6b1?version=1.0&t=1687883613005 
7. 
Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022), that can be obtained at the 
webpage:  
https://istituzionale.bper.it/documents/133577364/191166662/Sustainability+Report+2022.pdf/ac90b60
2-b0b2-c8ea-4a54-984ad6cf467d?version=1.1&t=1685024273865&download=true  
8. 
BPER Group press release dated 7 November 2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 September 
2024", that can be obtained at the webpage: 
https://group.bper.it/documents/133577364/2790290452/24.11.07+BPER+Risultati+9M24+ENG_all_d
ef.pdf/86c716fa-d7e7-183b-ce17-2684b51783a1?t=1730961150128

--- Page 42 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 34 - 
47-41082286 
 
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and 
have been filed with the CSSF. Such documents shall be incorporated by reference in and form part of this Base 
Prospectus, save that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The table below sets out the relevant page references for: (i) the Issuer's Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus; (ii) the Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as 
at 30 June 2024; (iii) the Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as 
at 31 March 2024; (iv) the Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report 
thereon, notes thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant 
to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; (v) the Issuer's 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; (vi) the Issuer's consolidated 
audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; (vii) the Issuer's consolidated Non-
Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 
2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); and (viii) the BPER Group press release dated 7 November 2024 entitled 
"Consolidated results as at 30 September 2024". 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus may be obtained from the registered 
office of the Issuer on the Issuer's website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/). This Base Prospectus and the documents 
incorporated by reference will also be available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's web site (www.luxse.com). 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant for the investor or it is covered elsewhere in 
this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Cross Reference List 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
Issuer's Articles of Association (Statuto) as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus 
Entire document 
All 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including review report) as at 30 June 
2024 
 
 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 30 
June 2024 
Page 78 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 30 June 2024 
Page 79 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 80 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 30 
June 2024 
Page 81 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 82 to 83 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 87 to 183 
 
Certifications and other reports 
Pages 185 to 187  
 
Independent auditors' review report 
Pages 188 to 189 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim 
report on operations (without a review 
report) as at 31 March 2024 
 
 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15

--- Page 43 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 35 - 
47-41082286 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet as at 31 
March 2024 
Page 56 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 31 March 2024 
Page 57 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 58 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 31 
March 2024 
Page 59 
 
Explanatory Notes 
Pages 60 to 101 
 
Attachments 
Pages 102 to 105 
 
Declaration of the manager 
responsible for preparing the 
company’s financial reports 
Pages 106 to 107 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors' report 
thereon, 
notes 
thereto, 
the 
relevant 
accounting principles and the consolidated 
non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the 
year ended on 31 December 2023  
 
 
 
BPER Banca Group structure as at 
31 December 2023 
Page 19 
 
Financial ratios 
Page 22 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
Page 23 
 
Methodological Note 
Pages 84 to 85 
 
Anti-corruption and anti-bribery 
Page 86 
 
Social and personnel issues 
Page 86 
 
Human Rights 
Page 86 
 
Purpose and positioning 
Page 88 
 
The BPER Group's Commitments 
Pages 88 to 91 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model 
Pages 92 to 106 
 
Relations with Suppliers 
Pages 108 to 109 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 110 to 118 
 
Group Stakeholders and Materiality 
Analysis 
Pages 119 to 128 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 129 to 161 
 
People 
Pages 162 to 179 
 
Relations with the Community 
Pages 193 to 204 
 
The EU Taxonomy of 
Environmentally Sustainable 
Activities 
Pages 205 to 247 
 
Objectives 
Pages 248 to 251 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 252 to 259

--- Page 44 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 36 - 
47-41082286 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
referring to the to the auditors' 
review report of the 2023 
Sustainability Report 
Pages 260 to 263 
 
Consolidated balance sheet  
Page 266 
 
Consolidated Income Statement  
Page 267 
 
Consolidated Statement of Other 
Comprehensive Income 
Page 268 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes 
in Shareholders' Equity as at 31 
December 2023 
Page 269 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 270 to 271 
 
Consolidated Explanatory Notes  
Pages 272 to 561 
 
Attachments  
Pages 562 to 574 
 
Certifications and Other Reports 
referring to the auditors' report of 
the 2023 Annual Report 
Pages 575 to 586 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year 
report (including review report) as at 30 June 
2023 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 
June 2023 
Pages 80 to 81 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 30 June 2023 
Page 82 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 83 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders' equity 
Page 84 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 85 to 86 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 88 to 194 
 
Independent auditors' review report 
Pages 199 to 200 
(reference is to the 
pages of the pdf 
version) 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial 
statements, including the auditors' report 
thereon, notes thereto and the relevant 
accounting principles in respect of the year 
ended on 31 December 2022 
 
 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 31 
December 2022 
Page 94 
 
Consolidated Income Statement as 
at 31 December 2022 
Page 95 
 
Consolidated statement of other 
comprehensive income 
Page 96

--- Page 45 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 37 - 
47-41082286 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
 
Consolidated statement of changes 
in shareholders' equity 
Page 97 
 
Consolidated Statement of Cash 
Flows 
Pages 98 to 99 
 
Consolidated explanatory notes and 
attachments 
Pages 101 to 412 
 
Independent auditors' report 
Pages 417 to 426 
Issuer's 
consolidated 
Non-Financial 
Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended 
on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability 
Report) 
 
 
 
History 
Pages 18 to 20 
 
Mission and Approach 
Page 21 
 
The BPER Group's Commitments 
Pages 22 to 27 
 
Governance and Organisation 
Model 
Pages 28 to 30 
 
ESG Governance 
Pages 30 to 31 
 
Relation with Suppliers 
Page 42 
 
Ethics and Integrity 
Pages 45 to 53 
 
Group Stakeholders and Materiality 
Analysis 
Pages 54 to 63 
 
Customers and ESG Offer 
Pages 65 to 95 
 
People 
Pages 99 to 119 
 
Relationships with the Community 
Pages 137 to 147 
 
Annex I – The EU Taxonomy of 
environmentally sustainable 
activities 
Pages 148 to 150 
 
Annex II – Materiality Analysis 
Pages 151 to 155 
 
GRI Content Index 
Pages 163 to 178 
 
Independent Auditor's Report 
Pages 180 to 182 
BPER Group press release dated 7 November 
2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 
September 2024" 
 
 
 
Consolidated income statement: key 
figures  
Pages 2 to 3 
 
Consolidated balance sheet: key 
figures 
Pages 3 to 4 
 
Group structure highlights as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 4 
 
Capital Ratios 
Page 4 
 
Reclassified financial statements as 
at 30 September 2024 
Page 9 
 
Reclassified consolidated balance 
sheet as at 30 September 2024 
Page 10

--- Page 46 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 38 - 
47-41082286 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page numbers 
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement as at 30 September 2024 
Page 11 
 
Reclassified consolidated income 
statement by quarter as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 12 
 
Consolidated balance sheet as at 30 
September 2024 
Page 13 
 
Consolidated income statement as at 
30 September 2024 
Page 14 
 
Performance ratios 
Page 15 
 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 "Guidelines on Alternative 
performance measures", aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of alternative performance measures 
(“APM”) included in prospectuses or documents containing regulated information.  
In order to better evaluate the BPER Group financial management performance, the management has identified 
several APMs. The management believes that these APMs provide useful information for investors as regards the 
financial position, cash flows and financial performance of the same, because they facilitate the identification of 
significant operating trends and financial parameters. This Base Prospectus contains alternative performance 
measures which are used by the management of the Issuer to monitor its financial and operating performance.  
For any further information related to APMs see also the relevant footnotes on relevant tables referred to 
performance ratios data as at 30 June 2024, 31 March 2024, 31 December 2023, 30 June 2023 and 31 December 
2022.  
It should be noted that:  
(i) the APMs are based exclusively on the BPER and BPER Group historical data and are not indicative of 
the future performance;  
(ii) the APMs are not derived from IFRS and, as they are derived from the consolidated financial statements 
of BPER and BPER Group prepared in conformity with these principles, they are not subject to audit;  
(iii) the APMs are non-IFRS financial measures and are not recognised as measures of performance or 
liquidity under IFRS and should not be recognised as alternative to performance measure derived in 
accordance with IFRS or any other generally accepted accounting principles;  
(iv) the APMs should be read together with financial information for BPER and BPER Group taken from the 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024, the Issuer’s 
unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024, the 
Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes 
thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to 
Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023, the Issuer's 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023 and the Issuer’s 
consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and 
the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022;  
(v) since all companies do not calculate APMs in an identical manner, the presentation of BPER and BPER 
Group may not be consistent with similar measures used by other companies. Therefore, undue reliance 
should not be placed on these data;  
(vi) the APMs and definitions used herein are consistent and standardised for all the period for which financial 
information in this Base Prospectus are included.

--- Page 47 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 39 - 
47-41082286 
 
The Issuer has selected and represented the APMs set out below as it believes that they are a useful means to 
obtain a better understanding of the economic and financial performance, because they facilitate the identification 
of important operating trends and financial parameters peculiar to the areas of the Issuers business activities:  
• 
TEXAS Ratio: calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity plus impairment 
provisions for nonperforming loans. The Texas Ratio assesses a bank’s financial position. It is a measure of 
a bank’s credit quality;  
• 
ROE: calculated as ratio of net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including 
net profit. It is considered a gauge of a corporation's profitability and how efficient it is in generating profits;  
• 
ROTE: calculated as net profit for the year on average shareholders’ equity of the Group not including net 
profit and intangible assets. It measures the rate of return on the tangible common equity;  
• 
ROA: calculated as net profit for the year (including net profit pertaining to minority interests) on total 
assets. It is a metric that indicates a company's profitability in relation to its total assets;  
• 
The Cost to income ratio: calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating 
costs/operating income) and on the basis of the schedules provided by the 7th update of Bank of Italy Circular 
no. 262. It is one of the main indicators of the Issuer’s operational efficiency;  
• 
The Cost of credit risk: calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers. 
It is the measure of the cost of managing risk and incurring losses due to risk.  
The information that is not included in the cross-reference list above is considered additional information not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in the Base Prospectus or 
not required by the relevant schedules of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980.  
The Issuer’s consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors’ report thereon, notes thereto, 
the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian Legislative 
Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023 and the Issuer's consolidated audited annual 
financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes thereto and the relevant accounting principles in 
respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022 have been audited by Deloitte and Touche S.p.A. (“Deloitte”) in 
its capacity as independent auditors of the Issuer, as indicated in its reports thereon.  
The Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024 and the Issuer's 
unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023 have been subject to review 
by Deloitte in its capacity as independent auditor of the Issuer, as indicated in its report thereon.  
The financial statements incorporated by reference herein are English translations of the Italian financial 
statements prepared for and used in Italy and have been translated for the convenience of international readers. 
The Issuer takes responsibility for the translation of the financial statements relating to it and incorporated by 
reference herein, whereas the translation of the auditors’ report was received directly from the independent 
auditors of the Issuer, Deloitte.  
Deloitte has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent to the inclusion of its reports on the accounts of the Issuer 
in this Base Prospectus in the form and context in which they are included.  
The financial statements referred to above have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and the relative interpretations of the International 
Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee (“IFRIC”), as adopted by the European Union under Regulation 
(EC) 1606/2002. 
Availability of Documents 
Copies of all documents incorporated herein by reference may be obtained without charge at the head office of 
the Luxembourg Listing Agent in the city of Luxembourg and may be obtained from the registered office of the 
Issuer on the Issuer's website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/) or at the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of the 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.

--- Page 48 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 40 - 
47-41082286 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS SUPPLEMENT 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a prospectus supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make available an appropriate supplement to this Base 
Prospectus which, in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market, shall constitute a prospectus supplement as 
required by the above mentioned Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
In connection with the listing on the Official List and admission to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market of the Notes, the Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the 
duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes and whose inclusion 
in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, and the 
rights attaching to the Notes, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement 
Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer 
such number of copies of such supplement hereto as such Dealer may reasonably request.

--- Page 49 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 41 - 
47-41082286 
 
KEY FEATURES OF THE PROGRAMME RELATING TO THE NOTES 
The following overview of key features of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and 
is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined in the sections headed 
"Form of the Notes", or "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have the same meanings in this overview 
of key features of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (the "Bank" or the "Issuer") 
Issuer Legal Entity 
Identifier (LEI) 
N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on 4 November 2025) 
Arrangers: 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
UBS Europe SE 
Dealers: 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC  
BNP PARIBAS 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft  
Goldman Sachs International 
HSBC Continental Europe  
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.  
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH  
Société Générale 
UBS Europe SE 
 
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer, either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes. 
(together, the "Dealers") 
 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which particular 
laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply 
will only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see "Subscription and Sale" below). 
Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent (for the Notes 
in Global Form): 
Citibank N.A., London Branch 
Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
Programme Amount: 
The aggregate principal amount outstanding in respect of Notes under the 
Programme at any time shall not exceed €10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent 
in other currencies at the date of issue of the relevant Notes). The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms of 
the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each 
case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory restrictions 
and/or central bank requirements, Notes may be denominated in such

--- Page 50 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 42 - 
47-41082286 
 
currencies as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
(as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturities: 
The Notes may have any Maturity Period subject to compliance with all 
relevant legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank requirements. 
Where Senior Preferred Notes have a maturity of less than one year and 
either: 
(i) 
the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or 
(ii) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must:  
(a) 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies) and be issued only to 
persons whose ordinary activities include acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage 
or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses; or  
(b) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 (the general prohibition) of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") by the Issuer. 
Under applicable laws and regulations at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period 
of twelve months, as provided under Articles 12-bis and 91, 
paragraph 1- bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and 
any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority, and may be redeemable 
only subject to the prior authorisation of the Bank of Italy, when 
required; and 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of five 
years, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations, and 
may be redeemable only subject to Relevant Authority prior 
authorisation, when required. 
Denomination: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or 
regulatory and/or central bank requirements, and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, of at least 
€150,000 (or where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time, and in the case of Subordinated Notes of at least €200,000 (or, where 
the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other currency) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 51 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 43 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes of a Tranche will be in bearer form and may: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in Global Form, initially be represented by a 
Temporary Global Note which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global 
Note which is not intended to be issued in new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN", as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common 
depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
and/or any other agreed clearance system as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and each global, and (ii) in respect of a 
Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global 
note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN", as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), will be deposited on or around the issue date 
thereof with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other agreed clearance system. Each 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, for either a Permanent Global Note or Notes 
in definitive form, in each case not earlier than 40 days after the Issue 
Date upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as 
required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent Global Note 
will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Any interest in a global Note will be 
transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the 
time being of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg as appropriate; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Dematerialised Notes, be held in dematerialised form 
on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" 
means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The Notes have been accepted for 
clearance by Monte Titoli. The Notes will at all times be held in book 
entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act 
and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. 
The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. 
However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the 
Consolidated Finance Act. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or interest may initially accrue at a 
fixed rate and then switch to a floating rate, or interest may initially accrue at 
a floating rate and then switch to a fixed rate. The method of calculating 
interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant 
Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed rate interest will be payable on such date or dates as agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms) and on redemption. 
 
Interest will be calculated on such basis as may be agreed as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 44 - 
47-41082286 
 
Reset Notes: 
If the Senior Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes are issued in a 
manner which qualifies such Notes as Reset Notes, then such Reset Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of 
interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of 
interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the applicable Final 
 
Terms by reference to a Mid-Market Swap Rate, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined by reference to 
one of the following: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 
2021 ISDA Definitions as defined in Condition 3(c)(ii)(A) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes); or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate (which, in the case of CMS Linked 
Interest Notes, will be the CMS Rate) appearing on an agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service, 
as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Other provisions in relation 
to 
Floating 
Rate 
Notes, 
including 
CMS 
Linked 
Interest Notes and SONIA 
Linked Interest Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA 
Linked Interest) may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest 
rate or both. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes (including CMS Linked Interest Notes and 
SONIA Linked Interest Notes) in respect of each Interest Period, as selected 
prior to the issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will be payable on 
the Interest Payment Dates specified in, or determined pursuant to, the 
applicable Final Terms and will be calculated on the basis indicated in 
Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked 
Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 3(c) (Interest on Floating Rate 
Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes and the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed-Floating and Floating- 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed-Floating Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with the 
Fixed Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in accordance 
with the Floating Rate Note provisions, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Notes will initially bear interest in accordance with the 
Floating Rate Note provisions and will then switch to bear interest in 
accordance with the Fixed Rate Note provisions, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be offered and sold at a discount to their principal 
amount and will not bear interest other than in the case of late payment. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For so long as:

--- Page 53 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 45 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(i) 
it is required under the MREL Requirements, any redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Senior Preferred Notes in 
accordance with the Senior Notes Conditions is subject to the Issuer 
giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority 
granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior 
Preferred Notes; 
(ii) 
it is required under Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority and/or under the MREL Requirements, any redemption, 
purchase or modification of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in 
accordance with the Senior Notes Conditions is subject to the Issuer 
giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority 
granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
it is required under Applicable Banking Regulations, any 
redemption, purchase or modification of the Subordinated Notes in 
accordance with the Subordinated Notes Conditions is subject to 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and such Relevant 
Authority granting permission to redeem or purchase the relevant 
Subordinated Notes (in each case to the extent, and in the manner, 
required by the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations including 
Articles 77 and 78 of CRR or, if different, the then Applicable 
Banking Regulations), in compliance with any alternative or 
additional pre-conditions to redemption or purchase, as applicable, 
set out in the relevant Applicable Banking Regulations for the time 
being. 
Optional Redemption: 
Subject to any legal and regulatory requirements, the Final Terms issued in 
respect of each issue of Notes will state whether the relevant Notes may be 
redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either in 
whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms applicable to 
such redemption and subject to all relevant legal and regulatory requirements. 
If the Notes are: 
(i) 
Senior Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted under the 
MREL Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date shall be 
subject to the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when 
required; 
(ii) 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless otherwise permitted by Articles 
12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or 
under the MREL Requirements, the Optional Redemption Date 
shall not be earlier than twelve months after the Issue Date, subject 
to the prior authorisation of the Relevant Authority, when required; 
and 
(iii) 
Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, 
directives, 
and/or 
the 
Relevant 
Authority's 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated Notes, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier than five years after 
the Issue Date, subject to the Relevant Authority prior authorisation 
when required. 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and to 
Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes) of the

--- Page 54 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 46 - 
47-41082286 
 
Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes, if Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Senior Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole 
but not in part, at any time (if the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating Rate Note): (i) in case of the 
Senior Notes and Subordinated Notes, upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event (as defined in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in Global Form and in Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons - Regulatory Call) of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised 
Notes), and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, the Subordinated Notes cease 
to qualify (in whole or in part) as "Tier II Capital", on a consolidated or non-
consolidated basis, as a result of changes after the date of issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, in any case in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
Variation 
following 
Tax 
Event, 
Alignment 
Event, 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event or Regulatory Event: 
In relation to the Subordinated Notes of any Series, if Modification 
following Tax Event, an Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event 
or Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, 
the Issuer may, upon the occurrence of Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event and/or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of 
Statutory Bail-in Power), modify the terms and conditions (in each case all 
but not some only) of such Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate 
become, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification 
is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax Event, Alignment Event, 
MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such 
modification and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), provided 
that the relevant conditions set forth in Condition 10 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in Global Form and in Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes are satisfied. 
In relation to any Series of Senior Notes (only), if Modification following 
an MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment Event is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, upon the occurrence 
of an MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment Event and/or in order to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
16 
(Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), modify the terms and 
conditions of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that such modification 
is reasonably necessary to ensure that no MREL Disqualification Event or 
Alignment Event would exist after such modification and/or in order to 
ensure 
the 
effectiveness 
and 
enforceability 
of 
Condition 
16 
(Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), provided that the relevant 
conditions set forth in Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification; Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global 
Form and in Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and 
Waiver) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes are 
satisfied. 
Taxation: 
All payments by the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of Italy unless 
the withholding is required by law. In that event, the Issuer will (subject to 
Condition 8 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global

--- Page 55 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 47 - 
47-41082286 
 
Form and Condition 7 (Taxation) of the Terms and Conditions for 
Dematerialised Notes) pay such additional amounts in respect of principal 
and interest in the case of Senior Notes (if permitted by MREL 
Requirements) and interest only in the case of Subordinated Notes as will 
result in the Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding been required. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes may be issued by the Issuer on a senior preferred basis (the "Senior 
Preferred Notes") or a senior non-preferred basis (the "Senior Non- 
Preferred Notes", and together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior 
Notes") and on a subordinated basis (the "Subordinated Notes"), as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
(i) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank 
at all times pari passu without any preference among themselves and 
(subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) at least 
pari passu with all other present and future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to 
the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Issuer (as set out in Condition 2(b) (Status of 
Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
Global Form and in Condition 2(b) (Status of Senior Preferred Notes) 
of the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes). 
 
(ii) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at 
all times pari passu and without any preference among themselves (as 
set out in Condition 2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form and in Condition 
2(c) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions for Dematerialised Notes). 
 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the relative 
coupons as the case may be, will rank in right of payment: (A) junior 
to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed 
to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations 
under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation required to be 
preferred by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR); (B) at least pari passu 
among themselves and with any other present or future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank, or are not expressed by their terms or mandatory provisions 
of law to rank, junior or senior to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior 
to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including any holder of 
Subordinated Notes and additional tier 1 notes) and the claims of the 
shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with the 
provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority.

--- Page 56 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 48 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(iii) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes constitute direct, unsecured and subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will at all times rank pari passu without 
any preference among themselves (as set out in Condition 2(d) (Status 
of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes in 
Global Form and in Condition 2(d) (Status of Subordinated Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions for Dematerialised Notes). 
 
Subject to Condition 2(c)(iii) (Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 
in the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa) of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Subordinated Notes and the related Coupons and Vouchers 
shall rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred 
Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective Coupons) of 
the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding instruments that 
are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri), including any obligation 
required to be preferred by law) (B) but at least pari passu with all 
other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or 
senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, and (C) in priority to the 
claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank 
junior to the Subordinated Notes and of the shareholders of the Issuer. 
Negative pledge: 
The Notes will not contain any negative pledge provision. 
Cross-Default: 
The Notes will not contain any cross-default provision. 
Listing and Admission to 
Trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be 
listed on the Official List and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other listing authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer in relation to each issue. Unlisted Notes may also be 
issued under the Programme. The Final Terms relating to each relevant Notes 
will state whether or not such Notes are to be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation and, if so, by which listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system. 
Governing Law: 
Italian law 
Ratings: 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as any rating 
applicable to the Programme. Details of the rating, if any, attributable to a 
Series of Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating 
agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant Series 
of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation, or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not established

--- Page 57 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 49 - 
47-41082286 
 
in the European Union but which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation, 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the 11 EEA which is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation, or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. 
The European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is obliged to 
maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and certified 
in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation, which may be found on the 
following page: 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-authorisation  
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain selling restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries 
of Notes and on the distribution of offering material in the United States, the 
United Kingdom, Canada, Singapore, Switzerland, the European Economic 
Area, Republic of Italy, Japan and France, see "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 58 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 50 - 
47-41082286 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
The Notes of each Tranche may be issued as Notes in Global Form or as Dematerialised Notes, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(1) 
Notes in Global Form 
Each Tranche of Notes will be represented initially by a temporary global note ("Temporary Global Note") in 
bearer form without vouchers, interest coupons or talons. Each Temporary Global Note which is not intended to 
be issued in NGN form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be delivered to a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and each Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
On 13 June 2006, the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards for the use 
of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking system for the euro (the 
"Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that 
arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 
2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 
31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The applicable Final Terms will also specify either that the United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) 
(the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more 
than 365 days, that the TEFRA D Rules are not applicable. 
Whilst any Note in Global Form is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal and interest 
(if any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary 
Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Temporary 
Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by 
U.S. Treasury Regulations has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) 
to the Agent. Any reference in this section "Form of the Notes" to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance 
system approved by the Issuer and the Agent. 
On and after the date (the "Exchange Date") which is 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes, 
interests in the Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable upon request as described therein either for interests 
in a permanent global note ("Permanent Global Note") without vouchers, interest coupons or talons for the Series 
of Notes to which the relevant Tranche of Notes relates or for Notes in definitive form ("definitive Notes" or 
"Definitive Notes") (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms and subject, in the case of definitive Notes, with, 
where applicable, vouchers, interest coupons and talons attached, to such notice period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms), in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the preceding 
paragraph unless certification has already been given. On and after the Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary 
Global Note will not be entitled to receive any payment of interest or principal thereon. Pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes in Global Form (as defined under "Terms and Conditions for the New Global Notes"), 
the Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be 
assigned a common code and an ISIN by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg which are different from the 
common code and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes of such Tranche as notified by the Agent to the relevant Dealer(s). 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a Permanent Global Note will be made through Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the Permanent Global Note 
if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any requirement for certification. 
Each Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for definitive Notes only in accordance with its terms. Global 
Notes and definitive Notes will be issued pursuant to the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form. 
The following legend will appear on all global Notes, definitive Notes, vouchers, interest coupons, and talons in 
the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE

--- Page 59 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 51 - 
47-41082286 
 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE." 
(2) 
Dematerialised Notes 
Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts 
on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV as operator of the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book entries 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with the CONSOB and 
Bank of Italy Regulation. The Noteholders may not require physical delivery of the Notes. However, the 
Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies 
of the Consolidated Finance Act.

--- Page 60 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 52 - 
47-41082286 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES IN GLOBAL FORM 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of notes in global form (respectively, the 
"Notes in Global Form" or the "Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form" or the 
"Terms and Conditions") which will be incorporated by reference into each global Note and definitive Note, as 
applicable only if permitted by the relevant stock exchange and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at 
the time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions. The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall specify 
terms which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to each global Note and each 
definitive Note. Reference should be made to "Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content of Final 
Terms, which will include the definition of certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions or specify 
which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series of Notes, which expression shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a 
global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in 
exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note and (iii) any global Note. The Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons 
and the Talons (each as defined below) have the benefit of an agency agreement dated on or around 8 November 
2024 (the "Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form") and made between, the Issuer, Citibank N.A., 
London Branch as issuing and principal paying agent (the "Agent", which expression shall include any successor 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents appointed from time to time in connections with the Notes). 
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter 
referred to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or Interest Commencement Dates. As used herein, "Tranche" means all 
Notes of the same Series which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes will (unless otherwise indicated in the applicable Final Terms) have interest 
coupons ("Coupons", the holders of which are "Couponholders") and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
talons for further Coupons ("Talons", the holders of which are "Talonholders") attached on issue. Any reference 
herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to 
Talons or talons. Definitive Notes repayable in instalments will have vouchers ("Vouchers", the holders of which 
are "Voucherholders") for the payment of the instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) attached 
on issue. 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is attached to or endorsed on this Note 
and complete these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final 
Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form and the applicable Final Terms are available for 
inspection during normal business hours at the specified office of the Agent and each of the other Paying Agents 
save that, if this Note is an unlisted Note of any Series, the applicable Final Terms will only be available for 
inspection by a Noteholder holding one or more unlisted Notes of that Series and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Agent or the relevant Paying Agent, as the case may be, as to its identity. The 
Noteholders, the Voucherholders and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the 
benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form and the applicable Final 
Terms, which are binding on them. Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement for the Notes in 
Global Form or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in these Terms and 
Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated provided that, in the event of 
inconsistency between the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form and the applicable Final Terms, the 
applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title of the Notes 
The Notes will be in bearer form in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) and Definitive Notes 
will be serially numbered. 
The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, provided that Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or, in

--- Page 61 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 53 - 
47-41082286 
 
each case, where the Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other Specified Currency. 
The Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms. If it is a Definitive Note, it is issued with Coupons attached, 
unless it is a Zero Coupon Note in which case references to Coupons and Couponholders in these Terms and 
Conditions are not applicable. If it is an Instalment Note in definitive form it is issued with Vouchers attached. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes, Vouchers and Coupons will pass by delivery in accordance with the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form. The Issuer and any Paying Agent may deem 
and treat the bearer of any Note, Voucher or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and 
notwithstanding any notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all 
purposes but, in the case of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding 
paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
("Euroclear") or of Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg"), each person (other than Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes (in which regard any certificate or other 
document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the principal amount of such Notes standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall 
be treated by the Issuer any Paying Agents as the holder of such principal amount of such Notes for all purposes 
other than with respect to the payment of principal or interest on such Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the 
relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Paying Agent as the holder of such principal amount 
of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions 
"Noteholder" and "holder of Notes" and related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are 
represented by a global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time 
being of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
to the records that each of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg hold for their customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers' interests in the Notes but excluding any interest in any Notes of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg shown in the records of the other clearing system. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the 
context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearance system approved 
by the Issuer and the Agent. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment to 
the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities 
instruments or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier II Capital, that contains one or 
more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from 
those contained in these Conditions; 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, including any successor regulations; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC;

--- Page 62 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 54 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other country 
in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the BRRD; 
and 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and will rank at 
all times pari passu without any preference among themselves and (subject to any obligations 
preferred by any applicable law) at least pari passu with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred 
Notes from time to time, including Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL Requirements, the Issuer may treat the 
Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL eligible liabilities, but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL Requirements. However, 
if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
– Regulatory Call). 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) 
of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, and the relative Coupons and Vouchers as the case may be, will rank in right of payment: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation 
required to be preferred by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(B) 
at least pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or are 
not expressed by their terms or mandatory provisions of law to rank, junior or senior 
to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes and additional tier 1 
notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with 
the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority. 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.

--- Page 63 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 55 - 
47-41082286 
 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL Requirements, the Issuer may treat 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL eligible liabilities, but that 
the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL 
Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of MREL Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call). 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes and the Vouchers and Coupons relating to them constitute 
unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes 
will rank pari passu without any preference amongst themselves and with all other subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or 
senior to the Subordinated Notes and in priority to the additional tier 1 notes and claims of 
shareholders of the Issuer. In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, each of such Series 
will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and interest 
thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the relative Vouchers and 
Coupons shall rank in right of payment (A) after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their 
respective Coupons and Vouchers) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer holding 
instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri), including any obligation required to be preferred by law), (B) but at least pari passu 
with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of Subordinated Notes, and 
(C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or expressed to rank junior 
to the Subordinated Notes (including additional tier 1 notes) and of the shareholders of the 
Issuer. 
(iii) 
In the event the Subordinated Notes do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds, such Subordinated Notes and any relative Vouchers and Coupons shall rank subordinated 
and junior to unsubordinated unsecured creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of BPER, pari passu among themselves and 
with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments which do not 
qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds and with all other present and 
future subordinated obligations of BPER which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms 
and/or by mandatory and/or overriding provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant 
Subordinated Notes (which do not qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds) and senior to instruments which qualify (in whole or in part) as Own Fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri). 
(iv) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(v) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Bank of Italy's Regulations. 
(vi) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be 
treated as Tier II capital. However, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call). 
(vii) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) may be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into common 
equity Tier 1 instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption 
Requirement") in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if the Relevant 
Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated 
Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time.

--- Page 64 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 56 - 
47-41082286 
 
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest 
Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall 
on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(i) as the same Rate of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a different Rate 
of Interest payable on one or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of a fixed Rate of 
Interest which is subject to one or more resets as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest 
Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is not an 
Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, interest from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may also specify other Broken Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date(s) on which such Broken Amounts are payable in circumstances 
where payments of interest not amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified, such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 65 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 57 - 
47-41082286 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30. 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) 
"Regular Period" means (i) in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date 
to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including 
one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of 
Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means 
of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the 
year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes where, apart from 
one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year 
to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but 
not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date 
falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
then such Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon 
as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the 
case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest 
in Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Issuer shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide 
the Issuer with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in 
question.

--- Page 66 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 58 - 
47-41082286 
 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Issuer with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Mid-Swap Rate to be used to determine the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the Mid-Swap Rate that most recently 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b): 
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro, provided that in the event that EURIBOR or the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms has been discontinued, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate shall be such other 
successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or 
substitute rate for EURIBOR or the relevant specified rate, as applicable. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either:

--- Page 67 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 59 - 
47-41082286 
 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period. 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest 
Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, including CMS Linked Interest Note and SONIA Linked Interest 
Notes, bears interest on its principal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either:

--- Page 68 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 60 - 
47-41082286 
 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any Interest 
Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, if the business 
day convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 3(c)(i)(B) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or Eurodollar Convention, such 
Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day 
unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (A) such 
Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business 
Day and (B) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in 
the month which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding applicable Interest Payment 
Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding 
Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, including CMS 
Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be

--- Page 69 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 61 - 
47-41082286 
 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or such other person acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation 
Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent 
to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under 
which, if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
EURIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
3(c)(iv) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts) in 
respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this sub-paragraph 
(A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" and "SONIA" 
is not specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 70 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 62 - 
47-41082286 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Relevant Time, the Issuer shall request the principal Relevant Financial Centre (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference Banks (as 
defined below) to provide the Issuer with its offered quotation (expressed as a 
percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer with such offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, 
with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such offered quotations plus or minus (as 
appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Issuer with such offered quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean (rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the 
rates quoted by four major banks in the Principal Financial Centre (defined below) of 
the Specified Currency selected by the Issuer, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest 
Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for 
a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time plus 
or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the Rate of Interest 
cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3: 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it 
means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as 
is selected by the Calculation Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means 
either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either 
Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 71 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 63 - 
47-41082286 
 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula, subject to Condition 3(f): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer shall request each of the CMS 
Reference Banks to provide the Issuer with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of 
the CMS Reference Banks provide the Issuer with such quotation, the CMS Rate for 
such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the 
highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Issuer with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Issuer in good faith on such commercial basis 
as considered appropriate by the Issuer in its absolute discretion, in accordance with 
standard market practice. 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-
bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 72 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 64 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin 
(if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 3(f). 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on such Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). 
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how 
the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall, to 
the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day "i" for the purpose of the relevant 
Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject 
to Condition 3(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
9 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date.

--- Page 73 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 65 - 
47-41082286 
 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 3(c)(ii)(D): "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third decimal place, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣௅஻஽𝑥𝑛௜
365
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 365
𝑑
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; "do" is the number 
of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a Business Day; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
"p" means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number of 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such number 
shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer 
and the Agent; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling "p" Business Days 
prior to that Business Day "i"; 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five Business Days prior to any 
other date on which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of the Notes). 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such Business Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the screen or, if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate, which shall never be less 
than zero. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The 
provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 66 - 
47-41082286 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
Where the Calculation Agent is not the Agent, the Calculation Agent will notify the Agent of 
the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period as soon as practicable after calculating the 
same. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset Notes - Rates of 
Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 75 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 67 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in 
a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer, the Paying Agents and any stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be 
published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension 
or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each 
stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest

--- Page 76 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 68 - 
47-41082286 
 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by a leading bank or investment banking firm other than the 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this 
Condition 3(c), the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3(c), whether by the Calculation Agent or the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Agent, the other 
Paying Agents and all Noteholders, Voucherholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as 
aforesaid) no liability to the Noteholders, the Voucherholders or the Couponholders shall attach 
to the Calculation Agent or the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by them 
of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and "Accrual Yield" has the 
meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation of the Note, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event interest will continue to accrue as 
provided in this Condition 3 (Interest). 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes), if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or

--- Page 77 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 69 - 
47-41082286 
 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) 
applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions in this 
sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be) may also, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) changes to the Terms and Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Rate or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
including but not limited to, the Additional Business Centre, Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Screen Page and/or the 
definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and (y) any other 
changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines are 
reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
and, if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any

--- Page 78 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 70 - 
47-41082286 
 
changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Paying 
Agents and, if applicable the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices); and 
(vi) 
no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting a relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes pursuant to this 
Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the 
Issuer. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f): (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. If any of the 
preceding circumstances occurs, then the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in 
respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being 
authorised to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it.

--- Page 79 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 71 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will 
not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the 
relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense. 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 3(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 80 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 72 - 
47-41082286 
 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of their nominal 
value) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes). 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, as provided under 
Articles 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if redemption for tax 
reasons is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer satisfies the Agent, 
immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, that: 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would 
(notwithstanding its having used such endeavours as the Agent shall consider reasonable) be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 8 (Taxation) on the occasion of the 
next payment in respect of Notes of the Series, 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above have 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that 
such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and 
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by the delivery by the Issuer to the Agent of (A) a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and 
describing the facts leading thereto, and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of 
recognised standing to the effect that such circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"), 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to the Paying 
Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are 
Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, on the 
next Interest Payment Date, repay all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in paragraph (f) below, together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the 
date of repayment provided that the date fixed for such repayment shall not be earlier than 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts, were a payment 
in respect of the Notes then due. Upon the expiry of such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(l)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior 
Notes), if MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may 
be) may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption 
Amount at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Note (as the 
case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) to the Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), to the

--- Page 81 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 73 - 
47-41082286 
 
holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may 
be), upon the occurrence of an MREL Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes and/or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, 
delegated or implementing acts, regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the 
application or official interpretation of the relevant regulations, becoming effective on or after 
the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of 
Subordinated Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
such Series of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of Subordinated 
Notes will be excluded from instruments able to count towards MREL Requirements (however 
called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of Subordinated are excluded 
on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes is less than any period prescribed by any applicable 
eligibility criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on the amount 
of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance 
of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of "MREL Disqualification Event", the Issuer is 
considered already subject to MREL Requirements regardless of any transitional period which 
may apply to the mandatory application of the same. 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group referred to in the BRRD (as defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation 
and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Italy. 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(l)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – 
Subordinated Notes), if MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent that the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the 
option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount at any time (if 
the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to the Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Agent a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading 
thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders, the 
Voucherholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount described in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii): 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)) whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and 
including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, 
CRD IV and the Banking Reform Package;

--- Page 82 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 74 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending 
Regulation No. 648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the 
CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EU CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole 
or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital 
of the Issuer (whether on a consolidated or non- consolidated basis, as a result of changes after 
the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including adopted by the European

--- Page 83 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 75 - 
47-41082286 
 
Union) (save where the exclusion from Tier II Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any requirement 
that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier II Capital of the Issuer 
be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event 
has occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the 
following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be 
sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
(as defined in Condition 2(a)) that the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, 
directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given not less than 5 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms), (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of an amount equal to the Minimum Redemption 
Amount or a Higher Repayment Amount. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be 
redeemed ("Redeemed Notes") will be selected either individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes 
in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued, or in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as 
either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes 
in relation to which Notes are represented by a global Note, in each case not more than 30 days prior to 
the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter called the "Selection Date"). In 
the case of Redeemed Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued, a list of the serial 
numbers of such Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 5 days 
prior to the date fixed for redemption. The aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes in respect of which 
definitive Notes have been issued shall bear the same proportion to the aggregate amount of all Redeemed 
Notes as the aggregate amount of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have been issued and are 
outstanding bears to the aggregate amount of the Notes outstanding, in each case on the Selection Date, 
provided that such first mentioned amount shall, if necessary, be rounded downwards to the nearest 
integral multiple of the Specified Denomination; and the aggregate amount of Redeemed Notes 
represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the 
relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and including the Selection Date to and 
including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(d) and a statement to that effect shall 
be included in the original notice of redemption given by the Issuer to the Noteholders pursuant to (i) 
above. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders - Put Option 
Except in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) 
shall not apply, if the Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 
nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption 
Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if 
appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
If this Note is in definitive form, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of 
this Note must deliver such Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal 
business hours of such Paying Agent falling within the notice period, accompanied by a duly completed 
and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from any specified office

--- Page 84 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 76 - 
47-41082286 
 
of any Paying Agent (a "Put Notice") and in which the holder must specify a bank account (or, if payment 
is by cheque, an address) to which payment is to be made under this Condition. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph. 
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Clean-Up 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Clean-Up 
Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer 
may, subject in the case of Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, at any time, at its 
option, and having given not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice"), in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), to the Noteholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole 
but not in part, at their Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to 
(but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice. 
(g) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above and Condition 9 (Events of Default), the Notes 
will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the principal amount. 
(h) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, all 
instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Voucher (which 
must be presented with the Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment against 
surrender of the relevant Note, all as more fully described in this Condition 4. 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchases 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Vouchers 
and Coupons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith), in any manner and at any price. In the case 
of any purchase, such Notes may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or, at 
the option of the Issuer, cancelled.

--- Page 85 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 77 - 
47-41082286 
 
Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the extent permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and surrendered for cancellation pursuant to Condition 
4(j) (Purchases), shall be cancelled forthwith together, in the case of definitive Notes, with all unmatured 
Vouchers and Coupons surrendered therewith. All Notes so cancelled may not be reissued or resold and 
the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be discharged. 
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Any redemption, variation or purchase in accordance with Conditions 4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer – Call Option) and/or Condition 10 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification; Waiver) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance 
with Condition 10), and 4(j) (Purchases) of Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities 
instruments according to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance with the then 
Applicable Banking Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior 
permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR (to the extent 
required), where one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorization,  
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above 
conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit the redemption or purchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in 
this Condition 4(l) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-
condition(s).

--- Page 86 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 78 - 
47-41082286 
 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions 
4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 
4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option), and/or Condition 10 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in 
accordance with Condition 10), and 4(j) (Purchases) is subject to, if and to the extent then 
required under the Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), 
where either: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its Own Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014: 
(a) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons - Regulatory Call), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of 
Subordinated Notes; or 
(c) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Relevant Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(d) 
the relevant Notes being purchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Tier II Capital instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set 
out at letters (a) or (b) of subparagraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption, variation or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations permit the

--- Page 87 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 79 - 
47-41082286 
 
redemption, variation or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre- 
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, 
as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
The Issuer and the Paying Agents have acknowledged and agreed in the Agency Agreement for the Notes 
in Global Form that the obligations of the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes will be 
discharged by the Issuer making payment to the relevant Noteholders, Voucherholders and 
Couponholders as described below. 
(b) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by credit or transfer to an Euro account (or any other account to 
which Euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee or at the option of the payee 
by a Euro cheque. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 8 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Payments of principal and accrued interest in respect of Notes in respect of which definitive Notes have 
been issued will (subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified in paragraphs (a) and (b) 
above against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of definitive 
Notes and payments of interest (other than rolled-up interest) in respect of the Notes will (subject as 
provided below) be made as aforesaid against presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment 
only, endorsement) of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the 
United States (as referred to below). 
Payments of instalments of principal (if any) in respect of Notes in definitive form, other than the final 
instalment, will (subject as provided below) be made against presentation and surrender (or, in the case 
of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant Voucher at the specified office of any Paying Agent. 
Each Voucher must be presented for payment of the relevant instalment together with the relevant 
definitive Note against which the amount will be payable in respect of that instalment. If any definitive 
Note is redeemed or becomes redeemable prior to its Maturity Date, principal will be payable on 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of such definitive Note 
together with all unmatured Vouchers appertaining thereto. Vouchers presented without the definitive 
Notes to which they appertain and unmatured Vouchers do not constitute valid obligations in respect of 
the Notes to which they relate. 
Each Fixed Rate Note in definitive form should be presented for payment together with all unmatured 
Coupons appertaining thereto (which for this purpose shall be deemed to include Coupons falling to be 
issued on exchange of matured Talons) failing which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, 
in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due 
for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner mentioned above against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relative missing 
Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 8 
(Taxation)) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void 
under Condition 12 (Prescription)). Upon any Fixed Rate Note becoming due and repayable prior to its 
Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining to the definitive Note relating thereto will 
become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof.

--- Page 88 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 80 - 
47-41082286 
 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note (including a CMS Interest Linked Note and SONIA 
Interest Linked Notes) represented by Notes in definitive form becomes due and repayable, unmatured 
Vouchers, Coupons and Talons (if any) appertaining to such definitive Notes (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect thereof. 
In the event that definitive Notes are issued, if the due date for redemption thereof is not an Interest 
Payment Date, interest (if any) accrued in respect of such Notes from and including the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, as the case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment only, endorsement) of the relevant definitive 
Notes. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note against presentation and surrender (or, in 
the case of part payment only, endorsement), as the case may be, of such global Note to or to the order 
of the Agent or any other Paying Agent, as the case may be. A record of each payment made against 
presentation or surrender of such global Note distinguishing between any payment of principal and any 
payment of interest, will in the case of a classic global note ("CGN") (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) be made on such global Note by the Agent or other Paying Agent, as the case may be, and such 
record shall be prima facie evidence that the payment in question has been made and in the case of a new 
global note ("NGN") (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) pro rata in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The holder of the relevant global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of 
Notes represented by such global Note and the Issuer, will be discharged by payment to, or to the order 
of, the holder of such global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular principal amount of Notes 
represented by a global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may 
be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of the relevant 
global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, payments of interest in respect of the Notes will only be made at the 
specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, means the 
United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions 
and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment at such 
specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of interest on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such interest at such specified offices outside the United States 
is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon is not a Payment Day, 
the holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and such holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. 
For these purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is both a: 
(a) 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the relevant 
place of presentation; and 
(b) 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Day" above, while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the 
Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global note are) 
deposited with a depositary, a common depositary, or a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Day" means:

--- Page 89 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 81 - 
47-41082286 
 
(a) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET settlement day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; or 
(b) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and 
in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms 
specify that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, Voucher or Coupon, including 
Interest Payment Dates, is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant 
date of payment would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day 
convention specified is: 
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day. 
(e) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 8 (Taxation) or 
pursuant to any undertakings given in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes in Global Form. 
6. 
Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or any other paying agent 
appointed under the terms of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form and/or appoint 
additional or other paying agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any 
paying agent acts, provided that: 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, traded and/or quoted on any stock exchange, listing 
authority and/or quotation system, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange, listing authority and/or quotation system;

--- Page 90 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 82 - 
47-41082286 
 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city with a specified office 
in a European Union Member State other than Italy; and 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the final paragraph of Condition 5(c) (Presentation of Notes, Vouchers, 
Coupons and Talons). Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only take effect (other 
than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor more than 
45 days' prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) provided that no such variation, termination, appointment or change shall take effect (except 
in the case of insolvency) within 15 days before or after any Interest Payment Date. 
7. 
Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon sheet does 
not include Coupons to, and including, the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of the 
Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 11 (Replacement of 
Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons). Each Talon shall, for the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in the relative 
Coupon sheet matures. 
8. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, 
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying 
at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, principal and interest (if 
permitted by MREL Requirements), and, with regard to any Notes, interest only (and not in respect of 
principal) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes, Voucher 
or Coupons after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and 
interest which would have been received in respect of the Notes, Voucher or (as the case may be) 
Coupons, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall 
be payable with respect to any Note, Voucher or Coupon presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder, Voucherholder or Couponholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy 
other than the mere holding of the Note, Voucher or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note, Voucher or Coupon to another Paying Agent in a Member State of the 
EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day; or 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note, 
Voucher or Coupon on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 
239 of 1 April 1996 as amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction 
is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended.

--- Page 91 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 83 - 
47-41082286 
 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on 
which such payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such 
moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer and/or any paying agent 
shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld pursuant to 
Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof, or (ii) an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof, or (iii) any law implementing such an intergovernmental agreement (any such 
withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"), as a result of a holder, beneficial owner or an 
intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. None of the Issuer, the 
paying agent or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or otherwise indemnify a 
holder/investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 8 (Taxation) 
or any obligations undertaken in addition thereto or in substitution therefor pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement for the Notes in Global Form. 
9. 
Events of Default 
If the Issuer becomes subject to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant 
to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act (as amended from time to time) (the "Event 
of Default"), then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Issuer or the Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Agent, declare any Note 
held by the holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
No remedy against the Issuer (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 9 (Events of Default) shall be available to the Noteholder, 
Voucherholder or Couponholder whether for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and 
related Coupons and Vouchers or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of any of its obligations in relation 
to the Notes or otherwise. 
No Events of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding 
(including, without limitation, liquidazione coatta amministrativa) in respect of the Issuer (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect 
of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
10. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; Waiver 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form contains provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Terms 
and Conditions, the Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons, the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global 
Form or the terms of the Notes. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall be one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of Notes relating to a clear 
majority of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, or at any such adjourned 
meeting one or more persons present holding or representing the holders of the Notes whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes, except that at any meeting, the business of which includes, inter alia, the 
modification of the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form, the reduction of the amount, 
variation of the currency or postponement of the date for payment of principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes, the necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons 
present holding or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting 
not less than one-third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution

--- Page 92 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 84 - 
47-41082286 
 
passed at any meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not they are 
present at the meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the relevant 
provisions for the meetings of the Noteholders attached to the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global 
Form (the "Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Notes in Global Form") which are deemed to 
form part of these Conditions. The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall 
have the benefit of, inter alia, the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Notes in Global 
Form. 
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders or 
Couponholders, to any modification (subject to certain exceptions) of, or to the waiver or authorisation 
of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Terms and Conditions, the Agency Agreement for the 
Notes in Global Form, the Vouchers, the Coupons or the terms of the Notes or determine that any event 
which would or might otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be treated as such where, in any such 
case, it is not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to interests of the Noteholders, 
Voucherholders and Couponholders so to do, or to any modification which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest error. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders, 
Voucherholders and Couponholders and any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as 
soon as practicable thereafter in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, 
any variation of these Conditions and the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall not 
require the consent or approval of Noteholders, Voucherholders or Couponholders, subject (to the extent 
required) to the Issuer giving any notice required to be given to, any receiving any consent required from, 
or non-objection from, the Relevant Authority. 
In relation to any Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at 
any time a Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event occurs and/or 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory 
Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving any required 
consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders 
of the Subordinated Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the holders of the relevant Subordinated Notes of that Tranche, at any time vary the terms of all 
(but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax 
Event, Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such 
modification and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities or otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of 
redemption pursuant to the provisions of the Subordinated Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Notes, if Modification following an MREL Disqualification Event or 
Alignment Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or Alignment Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject 
to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Senior 
Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of 
the Senior Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure 
that no MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment Event would exist after such modification and/or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-
in Power), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. Any modification of Senior Notes must comply with the limitations imposed by 
applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 93 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 85 - 
47-41082286 
 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements for 
Tier II Capital and result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such 
variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements 
for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements for Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
11. 
Replacement of Notes, Vouchers, Coupons and Talons 
Should any Note, Voucher, Coupon or Talon be mutilated, defaced or destroyed or be lost or stolen, it 
may be replaced at the specified office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg (or such other place as may 
be notified to the Noteholders), in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations, upon payment by 
the claimant of the expenses incurred by the Issuer and such Paying Agent in connection therewith and 
on such terms as to evidence, indemnity, security or otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or 
defaced Notes, Vouchers, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
12. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant Coupons 
are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 94 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 86 - 
47-41082286 
 
13. 
Notices 
All notices to Noteholders regarding the Notes shall be published (a) in one leading English language 
daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) so long as the Notes are listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, in one leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). It is expected that publication of notices will normally be made in the Financial Times 
in London and the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of 
the first publication in both the required newspapers. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly 
published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange on 
which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notwithstanding the above, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a 
Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the 
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited, in the case of a CGN, with a 
common depositary or, in the case of an NGN, with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system, notices to Noteholders may be 
given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and for so long as Notes are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, in one leading daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort or on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com) and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to 
the Noteholders in accordance with this Condition on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. The Issuer shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock 
exchange on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued (and provided that, in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange, the rules of that stock exchange so permit and so long as the Global Note(s) is or are 
held in its/their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg), such publication in such 
newspaper may be substituted with the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg for communication by them to the Noteholders. Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given to the Noteholders on the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with 
the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note, such 
notice may be given by any Noteholder to the Agent via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
Couponholders will be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to 
Noteholders in accordance with this Condition. 
14. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Voucherholders 
or Couponholders to issue further notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all 
respects save for the date of, and the amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with 
the outstanding Notes and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes. 
15. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form, the Terms and Conditions for the Notes in Global 
Form and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them shall be governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or 
connected with the Notes (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of the 
Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form or the Notes or any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with them) or the consequences of the nullity of the Agency Agreement for the

--- Page 95 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 87 - 
47-41082286 
 
Notes in Global Form or the Notes. The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, it will not argue to the contrary. Nothing in 
this Condition 15 (Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents the Noteholders from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.  
16. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the 
BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 16, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees 
to be bound by the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity 
of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation 
of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the 
Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Italian Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes described 
in this Condition 16 (Acknowledgement of Statutory Bail-in Power) and shall not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payments 
to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of the terms 
that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in 
particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant provisions under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power to the Notes. 
In this Condition 16: 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, 
but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM 
Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any 
other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 96 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 88 - 
47-41082286 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions applicable to each Series of dematerialised notes (respectively, the 
"Dematerialised Notes" or the "Notes" and the "Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes" or the 
"Terms and Conditions"). The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Notes shall specify terms 
which complete the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such Notes. The applicable Final Terms 
(or the relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon each Dematerialised Note. Reference should be made 
to "Form of the Notes" above for a description of the content of Final Terms, which will include the definition of 
certain terms used in the following Terms and Conditions or specify which of such terms are to apply in relation 
to the relevant Notes. 
With reference to the Dematerialised Notes, references in this Terms and Conditions to the "holder" of a Note or 
to "Noteholders" are to the beneficial owners of Notes issued in dematerialised form and evidenced in book entry 
form with Euronext Securities Milan (formerly Monte Titoli S.p.A.) ("Monte Titoli") pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of Notes. Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") are intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte 
Titoli. 
This Note is one of a Series of Notes. The Issuer will also act as initial paying agent for the Notes (the "Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes" or the "Paying Agent"), save that the Issuer is entitled to appoint a different 
Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Condition 6 (Paying Agents). 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions of Monte 
Titoli, by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the accounts of the Monte Titoli Account Holders (as 
defined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited by such 
Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg of the beneficial owners 
of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
In these Terms and Conditions, the expression "Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depositary banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
All of the Notes from time to time issued by the Issuer which are for the time being outstanding are hereinafter 
referred to as the "Notes" and the term "Note" is to be construed accordingly. As used herein, "Series" means a 
Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of the Notes which are (a) expressed to be 
consolidated and form a single series, and (b) identical in all respects (including as to listing) except for their 
respective Issue Dates, Issue Prices and/or Interest Commencement Dates. As used herein, "Tranche" means all 
Notes of the same Series which are identical in all respects (including as to listing). 
The Final Terms applicable to this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) is endorsed on this Note and complete 
these Terms and Conditions. References herein to the "applicable Final Terms" are to the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) endorsed on this Note. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title of the Notes 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners by 
Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of their respective date of issue. 
Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, provided that Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a 
denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or, in 
each case, where the Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other Specified Currency. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or transferred by way of, 
book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Consolidated Finance Act and in accordance with CONSOB 
and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the Notes. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Currency and Specified Denomination(s) as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 97 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 89 - 
47-41082286 
 
The Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note, a Fixed-Floating Rate Note, a Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note, a Zero Coupon Note, an Instalment Note or any combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the 
provisions set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg shall be 
to the records for which Monte Titoli acts as depository. Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be deemed to include a reference to any 
additional or alternative clearance system approved by the Issuer. 
2. 
Status 
(a) 
Definitions 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or amendment to 
the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after the Issue Date, the Issuer 
would be able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities 
instruments or (ii) in the case of Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier II Capital, that contains one or 
more provisions that are, in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from 
those contained in these Conditions; 
"Bank of Italy's Regulations" means the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche, as set 
out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended or supplemented from time to 
time, including any successor regulations; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council providing for the 
establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including by BRRD II); 
"BRRD II" means Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Relevant Authority" means the Bank of Italy or other governmental authority in Italy (or other country 
in which the Issuer is then domiciled) or in the European Union having primary responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer, including resolution powers in relation to the BRRD; 
and 
"SRM" means the Single Resolution Mechanism established pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
of the European Parliament and of the Council, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
(b) 
Status of Senior Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference among 
themselves and (subject to any obligations preferred by any applicable law) at least pari passu 
with all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy, which it might otherwise have 
under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Preferred Notes satisfy MREL Requirements, the Issuer may treat the 
Senior Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL eligible liabilities, but that the 
obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Preferred Notes shall 
not be affected if the Senior Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL Requirements. However, 
if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Preferred Notes upon the occurrence of MREL

--- Page 98 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 90 - 
47-41082286 
 
Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons 
– Regulatory Call). 
(c) 
Status of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(i) 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and non-
preferred obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all times pari passu without any preference 
among themselves. In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) 
of the Issuer, the payment obligations of the Issuer under each Series of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, will rank in right of payment: 
(A) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by 
provision of law, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and any obligation 
required to be preferred by law and claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(B) 
at least pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future 
unsubordinated and non preferred obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms or mandatory provisions of law to rank, junior or senior 
to such Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
(C) 
in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes (including any holder of Subordinated Notes and additional tier 1 
notes) and the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, in all such cases in accordance with 
the provisions of Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes 
by any Relevant Authority. 
(ii) 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(iii) 
If upon issue the Senior Non-Preferred Notes satisfy MREL Requirements, the Issuer may treat 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, for regulatory purposes, as MREL eligible liabilities, but that 
the obligations of the Issuer and the rights of the Noteholders under the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes shall not be affected if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes no longer satisfy MREL 
Requirements. However, if applicable, the Issuer may redeem Senior Non-Preferred Notes upon 
the occurrence of MREL Disqualification Event in accordance with Condition 4(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call). 
(d) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
(i) 
The Subordinated Notes constitute unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of 
the Issuer. The Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu without any preference amongst 
themselves and with all other subordinated obligations of the Issuer which do not rank or are 
not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes and in priority 
to the additional tier 1 notes and claims of shareholders of the Issuer. In relation to each Series 
of Subordinated Notes, each of such Series will be treated equally and all amounts paid by the 
Issuer in respect of principal and interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Subordinated Notes 
of such Series. 
(ii) 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, the 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes shall rank in right of payment 
(A) after unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors and any holder of Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Issuer and all other creditors of the Issuer 
holding instruments that are less subordinated than the Subordinated Notes (including any 
subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items 
(elementi di fondi propri), including any obligation required to be preferred by law), (B) but at 
least pari passu with all other present and future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which 
do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior to or senior to the Series of 
Subordinated Notes, and (C) in priority to the claims of other subordinated creditors ranking or

--- Page 99 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 91 - 
47-41082286 
 
expressed to rank junior to the Subordinated Notes (including additional tier 1 notes) and of the 
shareholders of the Issuer. 
(iii) 
In the event the Subordinated Notes do not qualify or cease to qualify, in their entirety, as Own 
Funds, such Subordinated Notes shall rank subordinated and junior to unsubordinated unsecured 
creditors (including depositors and holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) of BPER, pari passu among themselves and with the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
any other subordinated instruments which do not qualify or have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as Own Funds and with all other present and future subordinated obligations of BPER 
which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms and/or by mandatory and/or overriding 
provisions of law to rank junior or senior to the relevant Subordinated Notes (which do not 
qualify or have so ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as Own Funds) and senior to instruments 
which qualify (in whole or in part) as own fund items (elementi di fondi propri). 
(iv) 
Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-
off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, 
under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
(v) 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the 
Bank of Italy's Regulations. 
(vi) 
It is the intention of the Issuer that the Subordinated Notes shall, for regulatory purposes, be 
treated as Tier II capital. However, the Issuer may redeem the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons – Regulatory Call). 
(vii) 
Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) may be subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into common 
equity Tier 1 instruments or other instruments of ownership (the "Loss Absorption 
Requirement") in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority if the Relevant 
Authority determines that application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated 
Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
3. 
Interest 
Condition 3(a) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Fixed Interest 
Periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
(i) 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its principal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the fixed Rate(s) of Interest payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year and on the Maturity Date if that does not fall 
on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(i) as the same Rate of Interest payable on all Interest Payment Dates or (ii) as a different Rate 
of Interest payable on one or more Interest Payment Dates, including by way of a fixed Rate of 
Interest which is subject to one or more resets as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
first payment of interest will be made on the Interest Payment Date next following the Interest 
Commencement Date and, if the first anniversary of the Interest Commencement Date is not an 
Interest Payment Date, will amount to the Initial Broken Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. If the Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, interest from (and including) 
the preceding Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date, as the case may be) 
to (but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to the Final Broken Amount specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. The applicable Final Terms may also specify other Broken Amounts 
and the Interest Payment Date(s) on which such Broken Amounts are payable in circumstances 
where payments of interest not amounting to a full year's interest are due. The amount of interest 
payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period shall be the relevant fixed coupon amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") and if the Notes are in 
more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect 
of the relevant Specified Denomination.

--- Page 100 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 92 - 
47-41082286 
 
(ii) 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not 
specified, such interest shall be calculated: 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in 
such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; or 
(c) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1 ]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30. 
In Condition 3: (a) "Interest Period" means each period on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; and (b) "Regular Period" means (i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment 
Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next 
Interest Payment Date, (ii) in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls and (iii) in the case of Notes where, 
apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by 
means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but 
excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the 
irregular Interest Period. 
Condition 3(b) below is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 101 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 93 - 
47-41082286 
 
(b) 
Interest on Reset Notes 
(i) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, 
then such Reset Note bears interest: 
(A) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(B) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(C) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that 
does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon 
as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, and (ii) in the 
case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest 
in Condition 3(a) (Interest on Fixed Rate Notes). 
(ii) 
Fallbacks 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement), if on any Reset Determination Date the 
Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) 
to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid- Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 
11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination 
Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the relevant 
Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Issuer 
with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this 
paragraph, the Mid-Swap Rate to be used to determine the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be the Mid-Swap Rate that most recently 
appeared on the Relevant Screen Page, as determined by the Calculation Agent.  
For the purposes of this Condition 3(b): 
"Reference Banks" means the principal office in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, securities or other market most closely 
connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an 
investment bank of international repute. 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. "First Reset 
Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date. 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to a basis equivalent

--- Page 102 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 94 - 
47-41082286 
 
to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the 
relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the 
Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent). 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate. 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro, provided that in the event that EURIBOR or the rate specified in the applicable Final 
Terms has been discontinued, the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate shall be such other 
successor benchmark rate as the financial industry shall have accepted as a successor or 
substitute rate for EURIBOR or the relevant specified rate, as applicable. 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), either: 
(A) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the relevant Final (A) Terms, the rate for swaps 
in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page; or 
(B) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent (0.0005 per cent being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(i) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(ii) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, which appear on the Relevant Screen 
Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable. 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable). 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period.

--- Page 103 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 95 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be. 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms.  
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date. 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin (with such sum converted (if necessary) to 
a basis equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled interest payments are payable on the 
Notes during the relevant Reset Period (such calculation to be made by the Calculation Agent)). 
Condition 3(c) below is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest 
Notes 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note, including CMS Linked Interest Note and SONIA Linked Interest 
Notes, bears interest on its principal amount from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year, or 
(B) 
if no express Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each an "Interest Payment Date") which falls the number of months or 
other period specified as the Interest Period in the applicable Final Terms after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after 
the Interest Commencement Date. 
If a business day convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and if any 
Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the business day convention specified is: 
(1) 
in any case where Interest Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(c)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, FRN Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (B) each 
subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Interest 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding applicable Interest 
Payment Date occurred; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day 
which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar

--- Page 104 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 96 - 
47-41082286 
 
month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In this Condition, "Business Day" means: 
(a) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(b) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Issuer or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem, or any successor 
system; and 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes, including CMS 
Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, will be determined in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where, in respect of Senior Preferred Notes only, ISDA Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the relevant ISDA Rate 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any). For the 
purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an 
interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent or such other person acting as 
calculation agent for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions or the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
(provided that in any circumstances where under the ISDA Definitions the Calculation 
Agent would be required to exercise any discretion, including the selection of any 
reference banks and seeking quotations from reference banks, when calculating the 
relevant ISDA Rate, the relevant determination(s) which require the Calculation Agent 
to exercise its discretion shall instead be made by the Issuer or its designee) and under 
which, if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date is either (i) if the applicable Floating Rate Option is 
EURIBOR for a currency, the first day of that Interest Period or (ii) in any 
other case, as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A): 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first

--- Page 105 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 97 - 
47-41082286 
 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; and 
"Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", "Floating Rate Option", "Designated 
Maturity", "Euro-Zone" and "Reset Date" have the meanings given to those terms in 
the ISDA Definitions. 
When this sub-paragraph (A) applies, in respect of each relevant Interest Period the 
Calculation Agent will be deemed to have discharged its obligations under Condition 
3(c)(iv) (Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts) in 
respect of the determination of the Rate of Interest if it has determined the Rate of 
Interest in respect of such Interest Period in the manner provided in this sub-paragraph 
(A). 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes and SONIA Linked Interest Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and "CMS Rate" and "SONIA" 
is not specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(i) 
the offered quotation; or 
(ii) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate which appears or 
appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date in question 
plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such 
highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than 
one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the 
Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
Subject to Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement), if the Relevant Screen Page is 
not available or if, in the case of (i) above, no such offered quotation appears or, in the 
case of (ii) above, fewer than three such offered quotations appear, in each case as at 
the Relevant Time, the Calculation Agent shall request the principal Relevant Financial 
Centre (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) office of each of the Reference 
Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if 
necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), all as determined 
by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date one only or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period shall be the 
rate per annum which the Calculation Agent determines as being the arithmetic mean

--- Page 106 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 98 - 
47-41082286 
 
(rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards) of the rates quoted by four major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
(defined below) of the Specified Currency selected by the Calculation Agent, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified 
Currency) on the Interest Determination Date for loans in the Specified Currency to 
leading European banks for a period of the duration of the relevant Interest Period and 
in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the 
relevant time plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any) provided that, if the 
Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
In this Condition 3: 
"Reference Rate" means the rate specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means four major banks selected by the Issuer in the market that 
is most closely connected with the Reference Rate. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that (x) in relation to euro, it 
means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European Union as 
is selected by the Calculation Agent and (y) in relation to Australian dollars, it means 
either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either 
Wellington or Auckland, in each case as is selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Additional Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(C) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as 
the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for 
each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the 
following formula, subject to Condition 3(f): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Calculation Agent shall request each 
of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent with its quotation for 
the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent 
with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic 
mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, 
one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the 
lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the 
preceding paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in 
good faith on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation 
Agent in its absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
In this Condition 3(c)(ii)(C): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the 
Reference Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a

--- Page 107 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 99 - 
47-41082286 
 
percentage, which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is United States dollars, 
the principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-
bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms;  
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(a) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed-for-
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the 
Designated Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good 
credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on 
an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by 
the Calculation Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the 
ISDA Definitions. 
(b) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; and 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
(D) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are linked to SONIA 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "SONIA" is specified as the 
Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes 
for each Interest Period shall be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus the Margin 
(if any) as specified in the applicable Final Terms, subject to Condition 3(f). 
If in respect of any Business Day in the relevant Observation Period, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) determines that the applicable SONIA 
Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been 
published by the relevant authorised distributors, the SONIA Reference Rate in respect 
of such Business Day shall be: (A) (i) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank 
Rate") prevailing at close of business on such Business Day; plus (ii) the mean of the 
spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on 
which a SONIA Reference Rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, 
if there is more than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest 
spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) 
to the Bank Rate, or (B) if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA Reference Rate 
published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant 
authorised distributors) for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA 
Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors). 
Where the SONIA Reference Rate is being determined in accordance with the 
paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes guidance as to (i) how

--- Page 108 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 100 - 
47-41082286 
 
the SONIA Reference Rate is to be determined; or (ii) any rate that is to replace the 
SONIA Reference Rate, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) shall, to 
the extent that it is reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine 
the SONIA Reference Rate for any Business Day "i" for the purpose of the relevant 
Series of Notes for so long as the SONIA Reference Rate is not available or has not 
been published by the authorised distributors. 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the applicable Final Terms), subject 
to Condition 3(f), the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin, Maximum 
Rate of Interest and/or Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) is to be applied 
to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating 
to the relevant Interest Period in place of the Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest and/or 
Minimum Rate of Interest (as the case may be) relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest Determination Date, the initial 
Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to such Series of Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the 
scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date (including applying the Margin and any Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the relevant Series of Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 
8 (Events of Default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any 
Interest Determination Date specified in the applicable Final Terms, be deemed to be 
the date on which such Notes became due and payable and the Rate of Interest on such 
Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remain outstanding, be that determined on 
such date. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph 3(c)(ii)(D): "Compounded Daily SONIA" 
means, with respect to an Interest Period, the rate of return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily Sterling overnight reference rate as reference rate for the 
calculation of interest) and will be calculated by the Calculation Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) on the Interest Determination 
Date, as follows, and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the third 
decimal place, with 0.0005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴௜ି௣௅஻஽𝑥𝑛௜
365
൰−1
ௗబ
௜ୀଵ
቏× 365
𝑑
 
Where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Period; "do" is the number 
of Business Days in the relevant Interest Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant Business 
Day in chronological order from, and including, the first Business Day in the relevant 
Interest Period; 
"LBD" means a Business Day; 
"ni", for any Business Day "i", means the number of calendar days from and including 
such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
"p" means for any Interest Period, 5 (five) Business Days or such other number of 
Business Days as specified in the applicable Final Terms provided that such number

--- Page 109 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 101 - 
47-41082286 
 
shall not be less than 5 (five) Business Days unless otherwise agreed between the Issuer 
and the Agent; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD" means in respect of any Business Day falling in the relevant Interest 
Period, the SONIA Reference Rate for the Business Day falling "p" Business Days 
prior to that Business Day "i"; 
"Observation Period" means the period from and including the date falling five 
Business Days prior to the first day of the relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling five Business Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or, if applicable, the date falling five Business Days prior to any 
other date on which a payment of interest is to be made in respect of the Notes). 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal 
to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") rate for such Business Day 
as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then 
published on the screen or, if the screen is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors (on the Business Day immediately following such Business 
Day). 
(iii) 
Minimum and/or Maximum Interest Rate 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Interest Rate for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance 
with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is less than such Minimum Interest Rate, the Rate of 
Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Interest Rate, which shall never be less 
than zero. If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Interest Rate for any Interest 
Period, then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined 
in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (ii) above is greater than such Maximum Interest 
Rate, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Interest Rate. The 
provisions relating to the Maximum or Minimum Interest Rate, however, shall not apply to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and shall not be specified at any time in the applicable Final Terms. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and Calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Calculation Agent will at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest Period. 
The Calculation Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the "Interest Amount") payable 
on the Floating Rate Notes or CMS Linked Interest Notes in respect of each Specified 
Denomination for the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount shall be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying such sum by the applicable 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
If the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the 
Interest Amount payable for any Interest Period shall be an amount calculated by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(i) (Interest on Reset Notes - Rates of 
Interest and Interest Payment Dates) (adjusted or unadjusted in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention, as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the applicable Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period

--- Page 110 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 102 - 
47-41082286 
 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
next Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number 
of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular 
Periods in any year; or 
(ii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360; 
(iv) 
if "30/360" is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 
360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(v) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is so specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360×(Y2-Y1]+[30×(M2-M1]+(D2-D1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 111 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 103 - 
47-41082286 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; and 
(vi) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls 
in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(v) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the 
Issuer, Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no 
event later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount and Interest 
Payment Date so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or 
shortening of the Interest Period. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock 
exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest 
Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in 
respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(vi) 
Determination or Calculation by a leading bank or investment banking firm other than the 
Calculation Agent 
If for any reason the Calculation Agent at any time after the Issue Date defaults in its obligation 
to determine the Rate of Interest or calculate any Interest Amount in accordance with this 
Condition 3(c), the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in 
the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) 
that is most closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the 
Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or any other office actively 
involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its 
duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be Final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3(c), whether by the Calculation Agent or the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad 
faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent for 
the Dematerialised Notes and all Noteholders no liability to the Noteholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes in connection with the 
exercise or non-exercise by them of their powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such 
provisions. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and

--- Page 112 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 104 - 
47-41082286 
 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(d): 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms; and "Accrual Yield" has the 
meaning given in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will cease 
to bear interest (if any) from the due date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event interest will continue to accrue as provided in this Condition 3 
(Interest). 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 3(b)(ii) (Interest on Reset Notes - Fallbacks) and 3(c) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes and SONIA Linked Notes), if the 
Issuer (in consultation with the Calculation Agent or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)) determines a 
Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or 
any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, 
then the following provisions shall apply: 
(i) 
the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably practicable, an 
Independent Adviser to determine (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) a Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate no later than 3 Business Days prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest 
Determination Date (as applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest 
Period (as applicable) (the "IA Determination Cut-off Date") for purposes of determining the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as 
applicable) (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); 
(ii) 
if the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, then the Issuer (acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable 
manner) may determine a Successor Rate or, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate; 
(iii) 
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark Rate is determined in 
accordance with the preceding provisions, such Successor Rate or, failing which, Alternative 
Benchmark Rate shall be the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in relation to 
the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)); provided, however, that if sub-paragraph (ii) 
applies and the Issuer is unable or unwilling to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate prior to the Reset Determination Date or Interest Determination Date (as 
applicable) relating to the next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period (as applicable), the 
Rate of Interest applicable to such next succeeding Reset Period or Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of a preceding Reset 
Period or Interest Period as applicable (which may be the Initial Rate of Interest) (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Reset Period or Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Reset Period or Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that

--- Page 113 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 105 - 
47-41082286 
 
last preceding Reset Period or Interest Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the provisions in this 
sub-paragraph (iii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable) are subject to the 
subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 3(f); 
(iv) 
if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (each, acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case 
may be) may also, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), specify (x) changes to the Terms and Conditions in order to follow market 
practice in relation to such Successor Rate or, as applicable, Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
including but not limited to, the Additional Business Centre, Business Day, Business Day 
Convention, Day Count Fraction, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Screen Page and/or the 
definition of Mid-Swap Rate or Reference Rate applicable to the Notes, and (y) any other 
changes which the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as the case may be) determines are 
reasonably necessary to ensure the proper operation and comparability to the Reference Rate or 
Mid-Swap Rate of such Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate, which changes shall 
apply to the Notes for all future Reset Periods or Interest Periods (as applicable) (subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 3(f)). If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Issuer) or the Issuer (as applicable), determines that an Adjustment Spread is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and determines 
the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then 
such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) is unable to 
determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread; 
(v) 
promptly following the determination of any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate, 
and, if applicable, any Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof and of any 
changes (and the effective date thereof) pursuant to sub-paragraph (iv) above to the Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, if applicable the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices); and 
(vi) 
no consent of the Noteholders shall be required in connection with effecting a relevant Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) or such other changes pursuant to this 
Condition 3(f), including for the execution of any documents or the taking of other steps by the 
Issuer. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(f): (i) no Successor Rate or Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of the Notes will 
be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of the Issuer, the 
same could reasonably be expected to prejudice the qualification of the Notes as: (A) in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, satisfying the MREL Requirements; (B) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, Tier II capital for regulatory capital purposes of the Issuer and/or the Group; and/or 
(ii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, no Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) will be adopted, and no other amendments to the terms of 
the Notes will be made pursuant to this Condition 3(f), if and to the extent that, in the determination of 
the Issuer, the same could reasonably be expected to result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest 
Payment Date as the effective maturity of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date. If any of the 
preceding circumstances occurs, then the Reference Rate for the relevant Interest Period will be equal to 
the last Reference Rate available at the immediately preceding Interest Period on the Relevant Screen 
Page as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 3(f): 
"Adjustment Spread" means a spread (which may be positive or negative) or formula or methodology 
for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or the Issuer (as 
applicable), determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as applicable) in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to Noteholders as a result of the

--- Page 114 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 106 - 
47-41082286 
 
replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in the case 
of an Alternative Benchmark Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Issuer) or 
the Issuer (as applicable) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being in customary 
market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference the Reference 
Rate or Mid-Swap Floating Rate (as applicable), where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable); or 
(c) 
if no such customary market usage is recognised or acknowledged, the Independent Adviser (in 
consultation with the Issuer), determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner) to be appropriate. 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines has replaced the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in 
respect of Eurobonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), or, if the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as 
applicable) determines in its discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) 
is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable). 
"Authorised Person" means any person who is represented by the Issuer as being for the time being 
authorised to sign (whether alone or with another person(s)) on behalf of the Issuer and so as to bind it. 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(a) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 Business Days or 
ceasing to exist; 
(b) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a specified 
date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate permanently 
or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed that will 
continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or 
(c) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate, that 
the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the following six 
months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(d) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate as a 
consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used either 
generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the following six months; 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the 
Original Reference Rate is no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; or 
(f) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes, Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer to calculate any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original 
Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in respect of paragraphs (b), (c) and (d) above, such public statement will 
not constitute a Benchmark Event before the date falling six months prior the date specified in the 
relevant public announcement on which the Original Reference Rate is permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued or prohibited. 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by 
the Issuer at its own expense.

--- Page 115 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 107 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Original Reference Rate" means: 
(a) 
the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) used to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(b) 
any Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate which has been determined in relation to 
such benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) pursuant to the operation of Condition 3(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a reference rate or mid-swap floating leg benchmark 
rate: 
(a) 
the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark 
rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid swap floating leg benchmark rate; or 
(b) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (w) the central bank for the currency to which the reference rate or mid swap floating 
leg benchmark rate relates, (x) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the reference rate or mid-swap floating leg 
benchmark rate, (y) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (z) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
"Successor Rate" means the rate that the Independent Adviser or the Issuer (as applicable) determines 
is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate or Mid-Swap Rate (as applicable) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which will always be at least 100 per cent of their nominal 
value) specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes). 
Subordinated Notes shall have a minimum maturity period of five years, as provided under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall have a minimum Maturity Period of twelve months, as provided under 
Articles 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if redemption for tax 
reasons is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms and the Issuer confirms to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), immediately prior to the giving of the notice referred to below, 
that: 
(i) 
as a result of any amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of Italy or of any political 
subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof or in the interpretation or 
administration of any such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the Series, the Issuer would 
(notwithstanding its having used such endeavours as the Agent shall consider reasonable) be 
required to pay additional amounts as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation) on the occasion of the 
next payment in respect of Notes of the Series, 
(ii) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
(iii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only, if the circumstances under points (i) and (ii) above have 
occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority (as defined in Condition 2(a)) that 
such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, and

--- Page 116 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 108 - 
47-41082286 
 
(iv) 
such circumstances are evidenced by (A) a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of 
the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describing the facts leading thereto, 
and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that such 
circumstances prevail (a "Tax Event"), to be made available, upon request, to the Noteholders, 
the Issuer may, at its option, having given not more than 60 nor less than 30 days' notice to Monte Titoli, 
the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the 
Noteholders, at any time or, if the Notes are Floating Rate Notes, including CMS Linked Interest Notes 
and SONIA Linked Interest Notes, on the next Interest Payment Date, repay all, but not some only, of 
the Notes at their Early Redemption Amount referred to in paragraph (f) below, together, if appropriate, 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of repayment provided that the date fixed for such 
repayment shall not be earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged 
to pay such additional amounts, were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Upon the expiry of 
such notice, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes accordingly. 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(l)(i) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – Senior 
Notes), if MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may 
be) may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption 
Amount at any time (if the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the Senior Non-Preferred Note (as the 
case may be) is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a 
Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice 
shall be irrevocable) to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), to the holders of the Senior Preferred Notes and/or the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), upon the occurrence of an MREL 
Disqualification Event with respect to the relevant Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be). 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means the determination by the Issuer, that as a result of a 
change in Italian and/or EU laws, regulations, guidelines, rules, standards and policies, 
delegated or implementing acts, regulatory technical standards as well as a change in the 
application or official interpretation of the relevant regulations, becoming effective on or after 
the Issue Date of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of 
Subordinated Notes, which change was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer as at the Issue 
Date of the Series, it is likely that all or part of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 
such Series of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of Subordinated 
Notes will be excluded from the instruments able to count towards the MREL Requirements 
(however called or defined by then applicable regulations) if the Issuer is then subject to such 
requirements, provided that an MREL Disqualification Event shall not occur where such Series 
of Senior Preferred Notes, of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and/or of Subordinated Notes are 
excluded on the basis (1) that the remaining maturity of such Senior Preferred Notes, Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and/or Subordinated Notes is less than any period prescribed by any 
applicable eligibility criteria under the MREL Requirements, or (2) of any applicable limits on 
the amount of eligible liabilities permitted or allowed to meet the MREL Requirements. For the 
avoidance of doubt, for the purpose of this definition of "MREL Disqualification Event", the 
Issuer is considered already subject to MREL Requirements regardless of any transitional period 
which may apply to the mandatory application of the same. 
"MREL Requirements" means the minimum requirement for Own Funds and eligible 
liabilities and/or total loss-absorbing capacity requirements applicable to the Issuer and/or the 
Group referred to in the BRRD (as defined in Condition 2(a)), any other EU law or regulation 
and relevant implementing legislation and regulation in Italy. 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Subject to Condition 4(l)(ii) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes – 
Subordinated Notes), if MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable, to the extent that the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event has occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the

--- Page 117 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 109 - 
47-41082286 
 
option of the Issuer, in whole but not in part, at the Early Redemption Amount at any time (if 
the Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is a Floating 
Rate Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (which notice shall be 
irrevocable) to Monte Titoli and the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 4(c), the Issuer 
shall make available, upon request, to the Noteholders, a certificate signed by two authorised 
signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the facts leading 
thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 4(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 4(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount described in the applicable Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
In this Condition 4(c)(ii): 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy, 
including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, those regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy and/or minimum requirement for own funds 
and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity then in effect of the Relevant Authority (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)) whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the 
force of law and whether or not they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer and 
including, for avoidance of doubt, as at the Issue Date the rules contained in, or implementing, 
CRD IV and the Banking Reform Package; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, 
counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-
absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive 
(EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"CRD IV" means the CRD IV Directive, the CRR and any CRD IV Implementing Measure; 
"CRD IV Directive" means the directive 2013/36 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, amending Directive 2002/87/EC and 
repealing Directives 2006/48/EC and 2006/49/EC, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time (including by the CRD V Directive); 
"CRD IV Implementing Measure" means any regulatory capital rules implementing the CRD 
IV Directive or the CRR which may from time to time be introduced, including, but not limited 
to, delegated or implementing acts (regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission, national laws and regulations, and regulations and guidelines issued by the Bank 
of Italy, the European Banking Authority or any other relevant authority, which are applicable 
to the Issuer (on a standalone basis) or the Issuer together with its consolidated subsidiaries (on 
a consolidated basis) and which prescribe the requirements to be fulfilled by financial 
instruments for inclusion in the regulatory capital of the Issuer (on a standalone or consolidated 
basis); 
"CRD V Directive" means the Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities,

--- Page 118 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 110 - 
47-41082286 
 
financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory 
measures and powers and capital conservation measures, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; 
"CRR" means the Regulation No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms amending 
Regulation No. 648/2012, as amended and supplemented from time to time (including by the 
CRR II Regulation); 
"CRR II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, 
the net stable funding ratio, requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No 
648/2012, as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"EU CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
"Regulatory Event" is deemed to have occurred if there is a change in the regulatory 
classification of the Subordinated Notes that would be likely to result in their exclusion in whole 
or, to the extent permitted by the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from Tier II Capital 
of the Issuer (whether on a consolidated or non- consolidated basis, as a result of changes after 
the date of issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes in the standards and guidelines of the Bank 
of Italy or in the applicable legal or regulatory provisions (including adopted by the European 
Union) (save where the exclusion from Tier II Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any 
applicable limitation on the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any requirement 
that recognition of such Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier II Capital of the Issuer 
be amortised in the five years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance 
with Applicable Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to 
issue the first Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event 
has occurred before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the 
following conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be 
sufficiently certain and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
(as defined in Condition 2(a)) that the change in regulatory classification of the Notes was not 
reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Tier II Capital" has the meaning given to it by (i) the Bank of Italy or (ii) any regulation, 
directive or other binding rules, standards or decisions adopted by the institutions of the 
European Union from time to time, as applicable (including the Applicable Banking 
Regulations). 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Call Option 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if the Call Option is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer may having given not less than 5 
nor more than 30 days' notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (or such 
other period of notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), 
redeem all or, if so specified in the applicable Final Term, some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed ("Redeemed 
Notes") will be selected either individually by lot or in accordance with the rules of Monte Titoli, in each 
case not more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (such date of selection being hereinafter 
called the "Selection Date"). Each Noteholder that holds a Redeemed Note will be informed by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) not less than 5 days prior to the date fixed for redemption.

--- Page 119 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 111 - 
47-41082286 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders - Put Option 
Except in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes, to which this paragraph (e) 
shall not apply, if the Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable, upon the 
holder of any Note giving a signed notice (a "Put Notice") to the Issuer (such Put Notice to include the 
ISIN Code of the Notes for which the Put Option is exercised) in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) the Issuer will, upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in 
accordance with, the terms specified in the applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date. 
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this paragraph shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of repayment an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the Put Notice given 
pursuant to this paragraph.  
(f) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - Clean-Up 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), if Clean-Up 
Redemption Option is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer 
may, subject in the case of Subordinated Notes and Senior Notes eligible to comply with MREL 
Requirements, to compliance with the Applicable Banking Regulations then in force, at any time, at its 
option, and having given not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice") to Monte Titoli, the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and, in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), to the Noteholders, redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their 
Optional Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
(g) 
Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) above and Condition 8 (Events of Default), the Notes 
will be redeemed at an amount that is equal to at least 100 per cent of the principal amount. 
(h) 
Instalments 
Each Note, if it is redeemable in instalments, will be redeemed in the Instalment Amounts and on the 
Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
Early Redemption of Zero Coupon Notes 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 4(i) or, if none is so specified, a 
Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(j) 
Purchases

--- Page 120 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 112 - 
47-41082286 
 
Subject to Condition 4(l) (Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes), the Issuer, or any of its 
Subsidiaries may purchase Notes, in any manner and at any price. In the case of any purchase, such Notes 
may be held, reissued or resold by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries or, at the option of the Issuer, 
cancelled. 
Notes may only be purchased by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries, unless and to the extent permitted 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations at the relevant time. 
(k) 
Cancellation 
All Notes redeemed by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and all Notes purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall be cancelled forthwith together. All Notes so 
cancelled may not be reissued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(l) 
Conditions to Redemption and Purchase of the Notes 
(i) 
Senior Notes 
Any redemption, variation or purchase in accordance with Conditions 4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 4(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer – Call Option) and/or Condition 9 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification; 
Waiver) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in accordance with Condition 
9), and 4(j) (Purchases) of Senior Notes qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments according 
to the MREL Requirements is subject to compliance with the then Applicable Banking 
Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the 
Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR (to the extent required), where 
one of the following conditions is met: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Senior Notes with Own Funds instruments or eligible liabilities 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and eligible liabilities laid down 
in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
considers necessary; or 
(C) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with Own Funds instruments is necessary 
to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of the preceding 
paragraph. 
Failure to redeem any such Senior Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above 
conditions, if, at the time of any redemption or purchase, Articles 12-bis and 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority (with respect to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes only) and/or the MREL Requirements (with respect to the Senior Preferred 
Notes and the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) permit the redemption or purchase only after 
compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre-conditions to those set out above in

--- Page 121 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 113 - 
47-41082286 
 
this Condition 4(l) the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, as appropriate, additional pre-
condition(s). 
(ii) 
Subordinated Notes 
Any redemption, variation or purchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance with Conditions 
4(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons - Regulatory Call), 
4(d) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer – Call Option), and/or Condition 9 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modifications; Waiver) (including for the avoidance of doubt, any modification in 
accordance with Condition 9), and 4(j) (Purchases) is subject to, if and to the extent then 
required under the Applicable Banking Regulations: 
(i) 
the Issuer giving notice to the Relevant Authority and the Relevant Authority granting 
prior permission to redeem or purchase the relevant Subordinated Notes (in each case 
to the extent, and in the manner, required by the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time), 
where either: 
(a) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer; or 
(b) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its Own Funds and eligible liabilities would, following such repayment or 
purchase, exceed the minimum requirements (including any capital buffer 
requirements) required under the Applicable Banking Regulations by a 
margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary at such time; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or purchase prior to the fifth anniversary of 
the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014: 
(a) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Subordinated 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(b) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 4(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons - Regulatory Call), a Regulatory Event having occurred in respect of 
Subordinated Notes; or 
(c) 
on or before such redemption or purchase (as applicable), the Issuer replacing 
the relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the Issuer and the 
Relevant Authority having permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and 
justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(d) 
the relevant Notes being purchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
principal amount of the relevant Series of the Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate principal amount of the Tier II Capital instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to 
criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set 
out at letters (a) or (b) of subparagraph (i) of the preceding paragraph.

--- Page 122 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 114 - 
47-41082286 
 
Failure to redeem any such Subordinated Notes where such consent has not been granted shall not 
constitute an event of default of the Issuer for any purpose. Notwithstanding the above conditions, if, at 
the time of any redemption, variation or purchase, the Applicable Banking Regulations permit the 
redemption, variation or purchase only after compliance with one or more alternative or additional pre- 
conditions to those set out above in this Condition 4(l), the Issuer shall comply with such other and/or, 
as appropriate, additional pre-condition(s). 
5. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments to Noteholders 
Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according to the instructions 
of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes to the accounts of the Monte Titoli 
Account Holders whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter credited 
by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Notes or through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than Euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with, or by a cheque in such Specified 
Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such Specified 
Currency (which if the Specified Currency is in Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall 
be Sydney or Wellington, respectively) as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
payments in Euro will be made by Monte Titoli crediting the Euro accounts of the relevant 
intermediaries, on behalf of the Noteholders, as evidenced in Monte Titoli's records. 
All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation). 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and such 
holder shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these 
purposes, "Payment Day" means any day which is both a: 
(a) 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in London and 
Milan; and 
(b) 
Business Day (as defined in Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates)). 
Without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 3(c)(i) (Interest Payment Dates), if the Final Terms 
specify that a date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note, including Interest Payment Dates, 
is adjusted in accordance with a Business Day Convention and if any relevant date of payment would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Payment Day, then, if the business day convention specified is: 
(a) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be postponed to the next 
day which is a Payment Day; or 
(b) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day Convention, such 
Payment Day shall be postponed to the next day which is a Payment Day unless it would thereby 
fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date of payment shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Payment Day; or 
(c) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date of payment shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Payment Day. 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal and Interest

--- Page 123 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 115 - 
47-41082286 
 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 7 (Taxation); 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iii) 
the Early Redemption Amount of such Notes; 
(iv) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of such Notes; 
(v) 
any rolled-up interest in respect of such Notes; 
(vi) 
in relation to Notes redeemable in instalments, the Instalment Amounts; and 
(vii) 
any premium and any other amounts which may be payable under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in these Terms and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable under Condition 7 (Taxation). 
6. 
Paying Agents 
The Issuer will act as initial Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and the name of the Issuer will 
be included in the applicable Final Terms as Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes. 
The Issuer is entitled to terminate its role as Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and to appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents for the Dematerialised Notes, in each case under the terms of an agency 
agreement in a customary form to be approved by the Dealer(s) with whom the Issuer has agreed the 
issue of the relevant Tranche of Dematerialised Notes, provided that there will at all times be a Paying 
Agent for the Dematerialised Notes. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agent or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments in respect of the Notes shall be made without deduction or withholding for or on account 
of any present or future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of the 
Republic of Italy or of any political subdivision thereof or any authority or agency therein or thereof, 
unless the deduction or withholding of such taxes or duties is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
will pay such additional amounts in respect of, with regard to the Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying 
at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, principal and interest (if 
permitted by MREL Requirements), and, with regard to any Notes, interest only (and not in respect of 
principal) as may be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes after 
such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
have been received in respect of the Notes, in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to any Note presented for payment: 
(a) 
by or on behalf of a Noteholder who: 
(i) 
is entitled to avoid such deduction or withholding by making a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(ii) 
is liable to such taxes or duties by reason of his having some connection with Italy 
other than the mere holding of the Note; or 
(iii) 
would have been able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting the 
relevant Note to another Paying Agent for the Dematerialised Notes in a Member State 
of the EU; or 
(b) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder thereof would 
have been entitled to such additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such 
thirtieth day; or

--- Page 124 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 116 - 
47-41082286 
 
(c) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest, principal or other proceeds of any Note 
on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 
as amended; or 
(d) 
in Italy; or 
(e) 
in respect of any Note that qualifies as an atypical security where such withholding or deduction 
is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended. 
As used in these Terms and Conditions, "Relevant Date" means whichever is the later of (A) the date on 
which such payment first becomes due; and (B) if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been 
received by the Agent on or prior to such due date, the date seven days after the date on which such 
moneys shall have been so received and notice to that effect shall have been given to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer, Monte Titoli and/or any 
paying agent shall be permitted to withhold or deduct any amounts required to be deducted or withheld 
pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
"Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to (i) any regulations thereunder or official interpretations 
thereof, or (ii) an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction 
facilitating the implementation thereof, or (iii) any law implementing such an intergovernmental 
agreement (any such withholding or deduction, a "FATCA Withholding"), as a result of a holder, 
beneficial owner or an intermediary not being entitled to receive payments free of FATCA withholding. 
None of the Issuer, the paying agent or any other person will be required to pay additional amounts or 
otherwise indemnify a holder/investor for any such FATCA Withholding deducted or withheld. 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Terms and Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the 
Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
References herein to the principal of, and/or interest on, the Notes shall be deemed also to refer to any 
additional amounts which may be payable under the obligations referred to in this Condition 7 (Taxation). 
8. 
Events of Default 
If the Issuer becomes subject to compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant 
to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act (as amended from time to time) (the "Event 
of Default"), then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the 
Issuer, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Issuer or the Agent, declare any Note held by the 
holder to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at 
its Early Redemption Amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, without 
presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
No remedy against the Issuer (including any remedy under the Italian Civil Code) other than as 
specifically provided by this Condition 8 (Events of Default) shall be available to the Noteholder whether 
for the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes or in respect of any breach by the Issuer of 
any of its obligations in relation to the Notes or otherwise. 
No Events of Default for the Notes shall occur other than in the context of an insolvency proceeding 
(including, without limitation, liquidazione coatta amministrativa) in respect of the Issuer (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, resolution proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect 
of the Issuer shall not constitute an Event of Default for the Notes for any purpose). 
9. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
The provisions for meetings of noteholders attached to these Terms and Conditions (the "Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes") contain provisions for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification of these Terms 
and Conditions and the Dematerialised Notes or the terms of the Notes. The quorum at any such meeting 
for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding or representing the 
holders of Notes relating to a clear majority of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any such adjourned meeting one or more persons present holding or representing the 
holders of the Notes whatever the principal amount of the Notes, except that at any meeting, the business 
of which includes, inter alia, the modification of the Notes, the reduction of the amount, variation of the

--- Page 125 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 117 - 
47-41082286 
 
currency or postponement of the date for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, the 
necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution shall be one or more persons present holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds, or at any adjourned such meeting not less than 
one-third, in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding. Any resolution passed at any 
meeting of the Noteholders will be binding on all the Noteholders whether or not they are present at the 
meeting, and on all holders of Vouchers and Coupons relating to the Notes. 
The rights and powers of the Noteholders may only be exercised in accordance with the Provisions for 
Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes which are deemed to form part of these Conditions. 
The Noteholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter alia, 
the terms of the Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes. 
The Paying Agent and the Issuer may carry out, without the consent of the Noteholders any modification 
(subject to certain exceptions) of, or the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any 
of these Terms and Conditions, the Notes or the terms of the Notes or determine that any event which 
would or might otherwise be an Event of Default shall not be treated as such where, in any such case, it 
is not, in the opinion of the Issuer, materially prejudicial to interests of the Noteholders so to do, or to 
any modification which is of a formal, minor or technical nature or which is made to correct a manifest 
error. 
Any such modification, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on the Noteholders and 
any such modification shall be notified to the Noteholders as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices). For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of these Conditions to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 3(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall not 
require the consent or approval of Noteholders, subject (to the extent required) to the Issuer giving any 
notice required to be given to, any receiving any consent required from, or non-objection from, the 
Relevant Authority. 
In relation to any Subordinated Notes, if Modification following a Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL 
Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at 
any time a Tax Event, Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event occurs and/or 
in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of Statutory 
Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving any required 
consent from, the Relevant Authority, (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders 
of the Subordinated Notes of relevant Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the holders of the relevant Subordinated Notes of that Tranche, at any time vary the terms of all 
(but not some only) of the Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Tax 
Event, Alignment Event, MREL Disqualification Event or Regulatory Event would exist after such 
modification and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 
(Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to 
any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities or otherwise provide the Issuer with a right of 
redemption pursuant to the provisions of the Subordinated Notes. 
In addition, in relation to Senior Notes, if Modification following an MREL Disqualification Event or 
Alignment Event is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, if at any time an MREL or 
TLAC Disqualification Event or Alignment Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 14 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject 
to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the relevant Senior 
Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the holders of 
the Senior Notes of that Series, at any time vary the terms of all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, to the extent that such modification is reasonably necessary to ensure 
that no MREL Disqualification Event or Alignment Event would exist after such modification and/or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 16 (Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-
in Power), provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the 
varied securities. Any modification of Senior Notes must comply with the limitations imposed by 
applicable Italian law. 
In these Conditions: 
"Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that:

--- Page 126 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 118 - 
47-41082286 
 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such 
securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements for 
Tier II Capital and result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at least equal 
to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment 
Dates as those from time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same 
redemption rights as the Subordinated Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same 
solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to such 
variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Notes were listed immediately prior to such 
variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes than the terms of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements 
for Own Funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) 
include a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; and (E) are assigned (or maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately prior to such variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation. 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued by the Issuer that: 
(a) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 14, have terms not 
materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes than the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes, and that shall also (A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's minimum requirements for Own Funds 
and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a ranking at 
least equal to that of the Senior Preferred Notes; (C) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (D) 
have the same redemption rights as the Senior Preferred Notes; and (E) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes 
immediately prior to such variation; and 
(b) 
are listed on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall be prescribed and shall become void unless made within ten years of the 
appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall be prescribed and shall become void unless made 
within five years from the appropriate Relevant Date. 
11. 
Notices 
Any notice regarding the Notes, as long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, shall be deemed to 
have been duly given through the systems of Monte Titoli, and, as long as the Notes are listed on the 
Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, in one leading 
daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). It is expected that publication of notices will normally be made on the 
Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such delivery to Monte Titoli or publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the 
date of the first publication in the required newspaper or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 127 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 119 - 
47-41082286 
 
Exchange or of delivery to Monte Titoli, as the case may be. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are 
duly published in a manner which complies with the rules and regulations of any other stock exchange 
on which the Notes are for the time being listed. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together with 
the relative Note or Notes, with the Issuer. 
12. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders to issue further 
notes, such further notes to rank pari passu in all respects (or in all respects save for the date of, and the 
amount of, the first payment of interest in such further notes) with the outstanding Notes and so that the 
same shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding Notes. 
13. 
Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction 
The Terms and Conditions for the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them shall be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a "Dispute") arising from or 
connected with the Notes. The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, it will not argue to the contrary. Nothing in this 
Condition 13 (Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction) prevents the Noteholders from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute in any other courts with jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not.  
14. 
Acknowledgment of Statutory Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any Noteholder, and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of the 
BRRD, by its acquisition of the Notes each Noteholder (which, for the purposes of this Condition 14, 
includes each holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes) acknowledges, accepts, consents to and agrees 
to be bound by the effects of the exercise of the Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority (as 
defined in Condition 2(a)), which exercise may include and result in any of the following, or some 
combination thereof: (i) the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto; (ii) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes 
together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means 
of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (iii) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and 
any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (iv) the amendment or alteration of the maturity 
of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date on which the 
interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; and (v) the variation 
of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the exercise of the 
Italian Bail-in Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Italian Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall not 
affect the validity and enforceability of the Italian Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes described 
in this Condition 14 (Acknowledgement of Statutory Bail-in Power) and shall not constitute an Event of 
Default. 
The exercise of the Italian Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payments 
to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of the terms 
that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in 
particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant provisions under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations.

--- Page 128 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 120 - 
47-41082286 
 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Italian Bail-In Power to the Notes. 
In this Condition 14: 
"Italian Bail-in Power" means any write-down, conversion, transfer, modification, or suspension power 
existing from time to time under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements in effect in the Republic of Italy, relating to (i) the transposition of the BRRD (in including, 
but not limited to, Legislative Decrees No. 180/2015 and 181/2015) as amended from time to time, (ii) 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014, 
establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain 
investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the Single Resolution Fund 
and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or superseded from time to time (the "SRM 
Regulation") and (iii) the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, pursuant to which any 
obligation of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of such regulated entity) can be reduced, cancelled, 
modified, or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any 
other person (or suspended for a temporary period).

--- Page 129 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 121 - 
47-41082286 
 
ANNEX 1 
TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS OF DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The following provisions (the "Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes") will apply 
to the meetings of the holders of the Dematerialised Notes and will remain in full force and effect until full 
repayment or cancellation of the Dematerialised Notes to which the provisions apply. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes are subject to any 
mandatory provisions of Italian law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Consolidated Finance Act) 
and the Issuer's Articles of Association in force from time to time. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes, any 
capitalised term shall have the meaning attributed to it in the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes, the terms below shall have the following 
meaning, unless the context otherwise requires: 
(1) 
"voting certificate" shall mean a certificate issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in 
accordance with applicable laws and regulations, in which it is stated: 
(a) 
that the blocked Notes have been blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(1) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or any adjournment thereof; 
and 
(2) 
the surrender of the certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and the 
notification of release thereof to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
that the bearer thereof is entitled to attend and vote at such meeting or any adjournment thereof 
in respect of the Notes represented by such certificate; and 
(2) 
"block voting instruction" shall mean a document requested by any Noteholder and issued by the 
relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, delivered to 
the Paying Agent in which: 
(a) 
it is certified that Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a voting certificate has been 
issued and is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such block voting instruction 
or any adjournment thereof) are blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder and that no such Notes will not be released until the first to occur of: 
(1) 
the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or any adjournment thereof; 
(2) 
the surrender, not less than 48 hours before the time for which such meeting or 
adjournment thereof is convened, of the receipt for each such blocked Note which is 
to be released by the Paying Agent which issued such receipt, coupled with notice 
thereof being given by such Paying Agent to the Issuer; 
(b) 
it is certified that each holder of such Notes has instructed the Paying Agent that the vote(s) 
attributable to his or its Notes so blocked should be cast in a particular way in relation to the 
resolution or resolutions to be put to such meeting or any adjournment thereof and that all such 
instructions are during the period of 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or 
adjourned meeting is convened, neither revocable nor subject to amendment; 
(c) 
the total number and the serial numbers of the Notes so blocked are listed, distinguishing with 
regard to each such resolution between those in respect of which instructions have been given 
as aforesaid that the votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution and 
those in respect of which instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto 
should be cast against the resolution; and

--- Page 130 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 122 - 
47-41082286 
 
(d) 
any person named in such document (hereinafter called a "proxy") is authorised and instructed 
by the Paying Agent to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the 
instructions referred to in (c) above as set out in such document. 
1. 
A holder of a Note may obtain a voting certificate from the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder or 
require the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a block voting instruction in respect of such 
Note, in each case not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for any meeting. Voting certificates and 
block voting instructions shall be valid until the relevant Notes are released and until then the holder of 
any such voting certificate or (as the case may be) the proxy named in any such block voting instruction 
shall, for all purposes in connection with any meeting of Noteholders, be deemed to be the holder of the 
Notes to which such voting certificate or block voting instruction relates. 
2. 
The Issuer at any time may and shall upon a request in writing by Noteholders holding not less than one-
tenth of the principal amount of the Notes of any Series for the time being outstanding, convene a meeting 
of the Noteholders of that Series. All references in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of 
Dematerialised Notes to "Notes" and "Noteholders" shall be to the Notes of the relevant Series and the 
holders of those Notes, respectively. Whenever the Issuer is about to convene any such meeting, the 
Issuer shall forthwith give notice in writing to the Paying Agent of the day, time and place thereof and 
of the nature of the business to be transacted thereat. Every such meeting shall be held at such time and 
place as the Paying Agent shall approve. 
3. 
At least twenty-one days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the meeting is held) specifying the day, time and place of meeting shall be given to the Noteholders. 
A copy of the notice shall be given to the Paying Agent by the party convening the meeting. Such notice 
shall be given in the manner provided in the Conditions and shall specify the terms of the resolutions to 
be proposed and shall include statements to the effect that Notes may be blocked with the relevant Monte 
Titoli Account Holder for the purpose of obtaining voting certificates or appointing proxies not later than 
48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting. 
4. 
A person (who may, but need not, be a holder of Notes) nominated in writing by the Issuer shall be 
entitled to take the chair at every such meeting but if no such nomination is made or if at any meeting 
the person nominated shall not be present within fifteen minutes after the time appointed for the holding 
of such meeting the Noteholders present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which 
the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman of an adjourned meeting need not be the same person 
as was chairman of the original meeting. 
5. 
At any such meeting any two or more persons present in person holding Notes or voting certificates or 
being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the aggregate, not less than one-tenth in 
principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding shall (except for the purpose of passing an 
Extraordinary Resolution) form a quorum for the transaction of business and no business (other than the 
choosing of a chairman) shall be transacted at any meeting unless the requisite quorum be present at the 
commencement of business. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution 
shall (subject as provided below) be two or more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or 
being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the aggregate a clear majority in principal 
amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding provided that at any meeting the business of which 
includes any of the matters specified in the proviso to paragraph 19 hereof the quorum shall be two or 
more persons present holding Notes or voting certificates or being proxies or representatives and holding 
or representing in the aggregate not less than three-quarters in principal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding. 
6. 
If within a quarter of an hour from the time appointed for any such meeting a quorum is not present the 
meeting shall, if convened upon the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case, it shall 
stand adjourned for such period, not being less than fourteen days nor more than forty-two days, as may 
be appointed by the chairman. At such adjourned meeting, two or more persons present in person holding 
Notes or voting certificates or being proxies or representatives (whatever the principal amount of the 
Notes so held or represented by them) shall form a quorum and shall have the power to pass any 
resolution and to decide upon all matters which could properly have been dealt with at the meeting from 
which the adjournment took place had a quorum been present at such meeting provided that the quorum 
at any adjourned meeting at which is to be proposed an Extraordinary Resolution for the purpose of 
effecting any of the modifications specified in the proviso to paragraph 19 hereof shall be two or more 
persons present in person holding Notes or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing 
in the aggregate at least one-quarter in principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding.

--- Page 131 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 123 - 
47-41082286 
 
7. 
The chairman may with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any meeting, adjourn the same from time 
to time and from place to place but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except 
business that might lawfully have been transacted at the meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
8. 
At least ten days' notice of any meeting adjourned through want of a quorum shall be given in the same 
manner as of an original meeting and such notice shall state the quorum required at such adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any notice of an adjourned meeting. 
9. 
Every question submitted to a meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands and in 
case of equality of votes the chairman shall both on a show of hands and on a poll have a casting vote in 
addition to the vote or votes (if any) to which he may be entitled as a Holder of Notes or as a holder of a 
voting certificate or as a proxy or as a representative. 
10. 
At any meeting, unless a poll is (before or on the declaration of the result of the show of hands) demanded 
by the chairman or the Issuer or by one or more persons holding one or more Notes or voting certificates 
or being proxies or representatives and holding or representing in the aggregate not less than one-fiftieth 
part of the principal amount of the Notes for the time being outstanding, a declaration by the chairman 
that a resolution has been carried or carried by a particular majority or lost or not carried by a particular 
majority shall be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes 
recorded in favour of or against such resolution. 
11. 
If at any meeting a poll is so demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as hereinafter 
provided) either at once or after such an adjournment as the chairman directs and the result of such poll 
shall be deemed to be the resolution of the meeting at which the poll was demanded as at the date of the 
taking of the poll. The demand for a poll shall not prevent the continuance of the meeting for the 
transaction of any business other than the question on which the poll has been demanded. 
12. 
Any poll demanded at any meeting on the electing of a chairman or on any question of adjournment shall 
be taken at the meeting without adjournment. 
13. 
The Issuer and the Paying Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial 
and legal advisers shall be entitled to attend and speak at any meeting of the Noteholders. Save as 
aforesaid, no person shall be entitled to attend or vote at any meeting of the Noteholders or to join with 
others in requesting the convening of such a meeting unless he is the holder of a Note or a voting 
certificate or is a proxy or representative.  
14. 
Subject as provided in paragraph 14 hereof, at any meeting (a) on a show of hands every person who is 
present in person and produces a voting certificate or is a proxy or a representative shall have one vote 
and (b) on a poll every person who is so present shall have one vote in respect of each principal amount 
of Notes equal to the minimum denomination of such Series of Notes. Without prejudice to the 
obligations of the proxies named in any form of proxy, any person entitled to more than one vote need 
not use all his votes or cast all the votes to which he is entitled in the same way. 
15. 
The proxy named in any block voting instruction or form of proxy need not be a Holder of Notes. 
16. 
Each block voting instruction and each form of proxy, together (if so required by the Issuer) with proof 
satisfactory to the Issuer of its due execution, shall be deposited at the specified office of the Paying 
Agent not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or adjourned meeting at 
which the proxy named in the block voting instruction or form of proxy proposes to vote and in default 
the block voting instruction or form of proxy shall not be treated as valid unless the chairman of the 
meeting decides otherwise before such meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to business. A notarial 
certified copy of each such block voting instruction and satisfactory proof as aforesaid (if applicable) 
shall if required by the Issuer be produced by the proxy at the meeting or adjourned meeting but the 
Issuer shall not thereby be obliged to investigate or be concerned with the validity of, or the authority of 
the proxy named in, any such block voting instruction or form or proxy. 
17. 
Any vote given in accordance with the terms of the block voting instruction or form of proxy shall be 
valid notwithstanding the previous revocation or amendment of the block voting instructions or form of 
proxy or of any of the instructions of Noteholders pursuant to which it was executed, provided that no 
intimation in writing of such revocation or amendment shall have been received from the Paying Agent 
by the Issuer or by chairman of the meeting not less than 24 hours before the commencement of the 
meeting or adjourned meeting at which the block voting instruction or form of proxy is used.

--- Page 132 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 124 - 
47-41082286 
 
18. 
A meeting of the Noteholders shall, subject to the provisions contained in the Terms and Conditions of 
the Dematerialised Notes, in addition to the powers hereinbefore given, but without prejudice to any 
powers conferred on other persons by these presents, have the following powers exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution namely:  
(A) 
power to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of, or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders whether such rights 
shall arise under these presents or otherwise; 
(B) 
power to sanction the exchange for the Notes of, or the conversion of the Notes into, shares, 
stock, bonds, debenture stock or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other body 
corporate formed or to be formed; 
(C) 
power to assent to any modification of the provisions contained in these Provisions for Meetings 
of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes or the Notes, which shall be proposed by the Issuer, 
any Holder of Notes or the Paying Agent; 
(D) 
power to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to concur in and execute and do all 
such documents, acts and things as may be necessary to carry out and give effect to any 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
(E) 
power to give authority, direction or sanction which under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes is required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
(F) 
power to appoint any persons (whether or not Noteholders) as a committee or committees to 
represent the interests of the Noteholders and to confer upon such committee or committees any 
powers or discretions which the Noteholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary 
Resolution;  
Provided that the special quorum provisions contained in the provision to paragraph 6 and, in the case 
of an adjourned meeting, in the provision to paragraph 7 shall apply in relation to any Extraordinary 
Resolution for the purpose of making any modification to the provisions contained in these Provisions 
for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes, the Notes which: 
(i) 
modifies the due date for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes; or 
(ii) 
modifies the method of calculating any amount of interest or any amount payable on redemption 
of the Notes; or 
(iii) 
reduces or cancels the principal payable in respect of the Notes or the rate of interest payable 
thereon, or 
(iv) 
alters the currency in which any payment in respect of any Note is to be made; or 
(v) 
modifies the provisions contained in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of 
Dematerialised Notes concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or any 
adjournment thereof or concerning the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
or 
(vi) 
amends this provision in any manner. 
19. 
An Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened and held in 
accordance with these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders of Dematerialised Notes shall be binding 
upon all the Noteholders, whether present or not present at such meeting and each of the Noteholders 
shall be bound to give effect thereto accordingly. The passing of any such resolution shall be conclusive 
evidence that the circumstances of such resolution justify the passing thereof. 
20. 
The expression "Extraordinary Resolution" when used in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders 
of Dematerialised Notes means (a) a resolution passed at a meeting of the Noteholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the provisions contained herein by a majority consisting of not less than 
three-fourths of the votes cast thereon, or (b) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all the 
Noteholders, which resolution in writing may be contained in one document or in several documents in 
like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of the Noteholders.

--- Page 133 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 125 - 
47-41082286 
 
Minutes of all resolutions and proceedings at every such meeting as aforesaid shall be made and duly 
entered in books to be from time to time provided for that purpose by the Issuer and any such minutes as 
aforesaid, if purporting to be signed by the chairman of the meeting at which such resolutions were 
passed or proceedings transacted or by the chairman of the next succeeding meeting of the Noteholders, 
shall be conclusive evidence of the matters therein contained and until the contrary is proved every such 
meeting in respect of the proceedings of which minutes have been made and signed as aforesaid shall be 
deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted thereat 
to have been duly passed and transacted.

--- Page 134 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 126 - 
47-41082286 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, duly completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]9 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the purposes 
of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] has 
led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and professional clients 
only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market - Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target mark et for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the [Notes] (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
 
9 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key information 
document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling 
restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 135 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 127 - 
47-41082286 
 
Final Terms dated [•] 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 
Issue of [Aggregate Principal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €10,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme  
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes in Global Form] [Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes] (the "Conditions") set forth in the 
base prospectus dated 8 November 2024 [and the prospectus supplement dated [•]], which [together] constitute[s] 
a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended or superseded (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8(4) of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus dated 8 November 2024 [as so supplemented]. The 
Base Prospectus is available for viewing at the address and website (https://istituzionale.bper.it) of the Issuer and 
copies may be obtained from the Issuer at its address in Modena, Via San Carlo 8/20, Italy. The Base Prospectus 
[and, in the case of notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, these 
Final Terms,] will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
[(When completing any final terms consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation).] 
1. 
(i) 
Series Number:  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche Number:  
(If fungible with existing Series): 
[•] 
 
[(iii)] 
[Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series:] 
[The notes will be consolidated and form a single Series 
with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] on [insert]]. 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies:  
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount of Notes: 
 
 
(i) 
Series:  
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Tranche:  
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
5. 
(i) 
Specified Denominations10: 
[•] 
 
10  
The minimum denomination of the Senior Non-preferred Notes will be Euro 150,000, and the minimum denomination of each 
Subordinated Note will be Euro 200,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency) or such other higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body).

--- Page 136 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 128 - 
47-41082286 
 
(Notes must have a minimum denomination of €100,000 
(or equivalent). In the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€150,000 (or equivalent). In the case of Subordinated 
Notes, Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 or equivalent). 
(Note 
– 
where 
multiple 
denominations 
above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: 
"[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof up to and including [€199,000]. No Notes in 
definitive form will be issued with a denomination above 
[€199,000].") 
(Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue 
otherwise constitutes a contravention of section 19 of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which 
have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies)) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount 
[•] 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the Specified 
Denomination. 
If 
more 
than 
one 
Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more 
Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year] 
[Unless 
otherwise 
permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, directives and/or requirements applicable 
to the issue of Notes by the Issuer, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes must have a maturity of not less than twelve 
months and Subordinated Notes must have a minimum 
maturity of five years.] 
[If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the Issue 
Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the 
Notes must have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
sold only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the FSMA must 
be available.] 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent Fixed Rate]

--- Page 137 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 129 - 
47-41082286 
 
[[•] per cent to be reset on [•] [and [•]] and every [•] 
anniversary thereafter] 
[[•] per cent Fixed Rate from [•] to [•], then [•] per cent 
Fixed Rate from [•] to [•]] 
[[EURIBOR] [CMS Rate] [specify other reference 
rate]] [+/- [•] per cent Floating Rate] [Fixed-Floating 
Rate] [Floating-Fixed Rate] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] [Floating Rate: 
SONIA Linked Notes] [Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at [•] per cent of their principal amount] 
[100 per cent redemption amount] [Instalment] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If applicable, specify the date when any fixed to floating 
rate or floating to fixed rate change occurs or when any 
fixed to fixed or floating to floating rate change occurs 
or cross refer to items 19 and 21 (as appropriate) below 
and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13, 14, 15, 
16 and 17 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating, 
floating to fixed or fixed or floating reset rate change 
occurs) 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
 
[Issuer Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Preferred] 
[Senior 
Non-Preferred] 
[Subordinated] 
 
(i) 
Date [Board] approval for issue 
of Notes obtained 
[•]/[Not Applicable] (Only relevant where Board (or 
similar) authorisation is required for the particular 
tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the period 
starting from [•] [and including] [•] ending on [but 
excluding] [•]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 13)

--- Page 138 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 130 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[[•]% per annum] [From (and including) [•] up to (but 
excluding) [•]] [the aggregate of [•] per cent and [•] per 
annum] 
[determined 
by 
the 
Agent] 
payable 
[annually/semi-annually /quarterly/monthly] in arrear 
on each Interest Payment Date.] 
 
 
[specify other in case of different Rates of Interest in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates including 
any details of any reset of the Fixed Rate] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with the 
[Following Business Day Convention /Modified 
Following Business Day Convention or Modified 
Business Day Convention/Preceding Business Day 
Convention]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Payment Dates) 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
 
 
 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/ [30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
 
(vi) 
Determination Dates 
[•] in each year / Not Applicable 
14. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph 14) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent per annum payable in arrear [on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][•] per cent per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][•] per cent per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date [until and excluding [•]] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[•] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[•]

--- Page 139 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 131 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[•] [and [•]] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[•] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30E/360]/[Eurobond 
Basis]/[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination Dates: 
[•] in each year 
 
(xv) 
Business Centre(s): 
[•] 
 
(xvi) 
Calculation Agent: 
[the Agent] / [•] 
15. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/Applicable for the period 
starting from [•] [and including] [•] ending on [but 
excluding] [•]] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 15) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s) 
[•] 
 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[Interest Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. An Interest Period, rather than Interest 
 
 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business Day 
Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention. Otherwise insert 
"Not Applicable"] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/FRN 
Convention/ 
Eurodollar 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention 
or 
Modified 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] (for 
Senior Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / 
[Screen Rate Determination] (for Senior Non-Preferred) 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Agent): 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Agent is to perform this function)]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[EURIBOR/ CMS Rate/SONIA]

--- Page 140 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 132 - 
47-41082286 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
(in the case of CMS Linked Interest Notes, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings and 
captions) 
• 
p: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable to SONIA Linked Interest Notes) 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second day on which the T2 System 
is open prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify type of 
day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[•] 
• 
[Reference Currency:] 
• 
(only relevant where 
the CMS Rate is the 
Reference Rate) 
[•] 
• 
[Designated Maturity:] 
• 
(only relevant where 
the CMS Rate is the 
Reference Rate) 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (for Senior Preferred 
Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not Applicable] (for 
Senior Non-Preferred) 
 
 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred) 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent per annum/Not Applicable] (for Senior 
Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes) / [Not 
Applicable] (for Senior Non-Preferred)

--- Page 141 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 133 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365]/Actual/Actual(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ 
[30/360] 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
16. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[•] per cent Fixed Rate in respect of the 
Fixed Interest Period(s) ending on (but 
excluding) 
[•], 
then 
calculated 
in 
accordance with paragraph 15 above.] 
17. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[[Floating Rate] in respect of the Interest 
Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [•], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 13 
above.] 
18. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
[Day Count Fraction]: 
[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/ [30/360]/ 
[30E/360]/[Eurobond Basis]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
19. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub paragraphs 
of this paragraph 19) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[each Business Day during the period from (and 
including) [•] to (but excluding) [•][and each Interest 
Payment Date following [•]].] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) and method, if 
any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable]

--- Page 142 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 134 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(b) 
Higher 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in Condition 4(d)): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
20. 
Redemption 
for 
tax 
reasons/ 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
(Regulatory Call): 
 
 
(i) 
Redemption for tax reasons: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Redemption 
for 
regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call): 
 
 
• 
MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
 
• 
Regulatory Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (Only applicable for 
Subordinated Notes) 
 
(iii) 
Modification 
following 
an 
MREL Disqualification Event / 
Regulatory Event, Alignment 
Event or Tax Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
21. 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer - 
Clean-Up 
Clean-Up 
Percentage 
Optional 
Redemption Amount(s) and method, if any, 
of calculation of such amount(s): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
[[75] per cent. / [•] per cent.] [•] per Note / [•] 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation or regulatory 
reasons or on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24. 
Instalment Notes 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
25. 
[Redemption at the Option of the 
Noteholders (Put Option) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 143 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 135 - 
47-41082286 
 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [•] days 
 
 
Maximum period: [•] days 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as well 
as any other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.)] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. 
Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note, which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice]. 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global Note]. 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli S.p.A. on 
behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. Account Holders] 
 
 
(In relation to any Notes issued with a denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent in another currency) and 
integral multiples of €1,000 (or equivalent in another 
currency) in excess thereof or other multiples of less 
than €100,000, the Permanent Global Note representing 
such Notes shall only be exchangeable to the Notes in 
definitive form on [•] days' notice/at any time should be 
disapplied). 
26. 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No][Not Applicable] 
27. 
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this item relates 
to the place of payment, and not interest period end 
dates, to which item 14(iv) relates] 
28. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. If yes, insert as follows: 
One Talon in the event that more than 27 Coupons need 
to be attached to each Definitive Note. On and after the 
Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in any Coupon sheet matures, the Talon 
comprised in the Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Paying Agent in exchange for 
a further Coupon sheet. Each Talon shall be deemed to 
mature in the Interest Payment Date on which the final 
Coupon comprised in the relevant Coupon sheet 
matures.] 
[Not Applicable]

--- Page 144 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 136 - 
47-41082286 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[•] has been extracted from [•]. The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and 
that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [•], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in these Final 
Terms is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information]/[Not Applicable]. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
 
By: ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 145 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 137 - 
47-41082286 
 
PART B - OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made by the 
Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange]/[•]] and admitted to the official list of 
[the Luxembourg Stock Exchange/[•]] with effect from 
[•].]/[Not Applicable]. 
 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
 
 
[Moody's: [•]] 
 
 
[S&P [•]] 
[Fitch [•]] 
[Morningstar DBRS: [•]] 
 
 
[[Other]: [•]]] 
 
 
[•] (Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published by 
the rating provider.) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
 
 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation as being registered] / [is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration] 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"). [The rating [insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of

--- Page 146 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 138 - 
47-41082286 
 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:)  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA]. [The rating [insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA and [is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation as being registered] / [is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration] under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been certified 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has not been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA or 
the UK [but the rating it has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2 009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA

--- Page 147 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 139 - 
47-41082286 
 
Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")]/ [and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE [ISSUE/OFFER] 
 
Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the following statement: 
 
["[Certain of the [Joint Lead] Managers/The Lead Manager/the Dealer] and [their/its] affiliates 
(including [its] parent compan[y/ies]) [have/has] engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer 
and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] Save as set out in the preceding sentence and 
save in respect of any fees payable to the [Joint Lead] Managers/Lead Manager/Dealer], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
[•] 
 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Regulation.)] 
4. 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF THE PROCEEDS 
(a) 
Use of proceeds: [•] [(If the Notes are Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainable Bonds, 
describe the relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the Notes will be applied or make

--- Page 148 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 140 - 
47-41082286 
 
reference to the relevant bond framework to which the net proceeds of the Notes will be applied. 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus)] 
(b) 
Estimated Net Amount of the Proceeds: [•] 
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only) 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
HISTORIC INTEREST RATES (Floating Rate Notes only) 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [Reuters][•] [insert 
relevant code of information providers]]/[Not Applicable] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to [•] which is provided by [•]. 
As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the register of administrators and benchmark s established 
and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [•] is not currently required to obtain recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence.]] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
 
Common Code: 
[•] 
 
CFI 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not applicable] 
 
FISN 
[•], [as published on the website of the Association of 
National Numbering Agencies or alternatively sourced 
from the responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not applicable] 
 
New Global Note intended to be held in 
a 
manner 
which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means that 
the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognized as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that the 
Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may then 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will then be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra- day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being

--- Page 149 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 141 - 
47-41082286 
 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]] 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Monte 
Titoli, 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not 
Applicable/give 
name(s), 
address(es) 
and 
number(s)] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(B) 
Date of Subscription 
Agreement: 
[•] 
 
(C) 
Stabilisation Manager 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
 
(iv) 
TEFRA: 
[TEFRA D]/ [TEFRA Not Applicable]] 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no KID 
will be prepared "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(vi) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 150 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 142 - 
47-41082286 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
An amount equal to the net proceeds to the Issuer from each issue of a Tranche of Notes will be used by the Issuer 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, either: 
(i) 
for general funding purposes of the Group (including funding of the mortgage loans business of the Group); 
or 
(ii) 
to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets, meeting the applicable Eligibility Criteria (as defined below). 
Only Tranches or Series of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or Eligible 
Sustainability Assets, and meeting the relevant set of the Eligibility Criteria and any other criteria specified in the 
Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, which is available on the Issuer's website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework), 
may 
qualify 
as 
credible "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds". 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") Green Bond 
Principles ("GBP"), Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG"), only Tranches 
of Notes financing or refinancing Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets and Eligible Sustainable Assets, 
respectively, will be denominated Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, respectively.  
In accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework: 
- 
the net proceeds of each issue of a Tranche of Notes will not be used to finance or refinance any asset or 
investment related to: fossil fuels, nuclear energy, weapons, alcohol, gambling, adult entertainment, or 
tobacco. Furthermore, businesses with significant involvement in environmental controversies or social 
incidents such as human rights, labour rights, health and safety at work or negative impacts on 
communities will also be excluded under the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework; 
- 
decisions relating to the selection and evaluation of Eligible Green Assets, Eligible Social Assets or 
Eligible Sustainability Assets will be made by an ESG committee, comprising members of the Board of 
Directors of the Group as well as Issuer's top representatives from all relevant business departments 
involved in the origination of the Eligible Assets, with full knowledge of the technical and sustainability 
characteristics of the Eligible Assets. With regards to the general ESG risk management, in the unlikely 
event an Eligible Asset is subject to a material ESG controversy, as determined by the Issuer's ESG 
committee, it will be removed from the Eligible Asset Portfolio;  
- 
the Issuer's finance department will be responsible for managing and monitoring the allocation of the net 
proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to the Eligible Assets Portfolio; 
- 
pending the full allocation of the proceeds or in the unlikely case of insufficient Eligible Assets, the Issuer 
will temporarily hold any unallocated funds in the Group's treasury investment portfolio, in accordance 
with its liquidity policy and ESG Investment Policy;  
- 
the allocation of the net proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds may be 
subject to an external verification from an independent third party until full allocation, or in the event of 
significant changes in the allocation of proceeds. The post-issuance external verification report will be 
published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-
prospetti/esg-framework). 
The Issuer will publish an annual green, social and sustainability bond report on its website, detailing both the 
allocation of the net proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds issued, as well as the 
associated environmental and social impacts of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. The Issuer will also report on any 
material developments of the Eligible Asset Portfolio. This reporting commitment of the Eligible Asset Portfolio 
will cease once all Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds have matured. 
For the purposes of this section: 
"Eligible Asset Portfolio" means the asset portfolio identified as such in the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes.

--- Page 151 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 143 - 
47-41082286 
 
"Eligible Green Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Green Bond Framework, published by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes.  
"Eligible Social Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Social Bond Framework, published by 
the 
Issuer 
on 
its 
website 
(https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-
framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
"Eligible Sustainability Assets" means projects identified as such in the Issuer's Sustainability Bond Framework, 
published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-relations/obbligazioni-e-
prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue Date of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. 
"Eligibility Criteria" means the criteria prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
"ESG Investment Policy" means the ESG investment policy prepared by the Issuer as set out in the Issuer's Green 
Bond Framework, published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework) as may be amended, supplemented or replaced before the Issue 
Date of the relevant Tranche of Notes. 
The Issuer have appointed ISS Corporate Solutions ("ICS") to provide an independent Second Party Opinion 
("Second Party Opinion") to confirm the validity of the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework and its alignment with ICMA's Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles, and Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines. The Second Party Opinion also includes an assessment of the compliance of the Eligible Green 
Assets with the EU taxonomy substantial contribution criteria for Climate Change Mitigation on a best effort 
basis. The Second Party Opinion is published by the Issuer on its website (https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/investor-
relations/obbligazioni-e-prospetti/esg-framework). 
The information on the websites does not form part of, and is not incorporated by reference in, the Base Prospectus 
and has not been scrutinized or approved by the competent authority.

--- Page 152 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 144 - 
47-41082286 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
BPER Banca S.p.A. (previously, Banca popolare dell'Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa) ("BPER", "BPER 
Banca" or the "Parent Company") is a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni), operating 
in accordance with Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993. It is the parent company of the BPER 
Banca banking Group (the "BPER Group" or the "BPER Banca Group"), which was incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy on 29 December 1983 and, pursuant to its Articles of Association, its final term ends 
on 1 December 2100 and may be extended. The change of denomination from Banca popolare dell'Emilia 
Romagna Società Cooperativa to BPER Banca S.p.A. occurred on the basis of the Extraordinary Shareholders' 
Meeting held in Modena on 26 November 2016. 
BPER's registered office is in Via San Carlo 8/20, Modena, Italy (Telephone number: +39 059 2021111). BPER 
is registered in the Bank of Italy's register of banks under number 4932 and with the Chamber of Commerce of 
Modena under number 01153230360. 
The authorised and paid-up share capital of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus was Euro 
2,121,637,109.40 divided into 1,421,624,324 shares. 
BPER Group's website: https://istituzionale.bper.it 
The Legal Entity Identifier code of the Issuer is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring in November 2025). 
BPER's shares are listed on the Italian stock market and are included into the FTSE MIB index. 
Starting from September 2009 BPER's shares were also included in the Dow Jones STOXX 600. 
BPER was initially established under the name Banca Popolare di Modena. In 1983, it was merged with Banca 
Cooperativa di Bologna, changing its name to Banca Popolare dell'Emilia. In 1992, BPER acquired Banca 
Popolare di Cesena and changed its name to Banca popolare dell'Emilia Romagna Società Cooperativa. 
In 1994, the BPER Group acquired control of Banca Popolare di Ravenna S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di 
Ravenna"), and in 1996, of Banca CRV – Cassa di Risparmio di Vignola S.p.A. ("Banca CRV"), consolidating 
its presence in Emilia-Romagna. 
BPER has established a strong foothold in the southern regions of Italy through the acquisitions, in 1995, of Banca 
Popolare di Lanciano e Sulmona S.p.A. ("BPLS") and Banca Popolare del Materano S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare 
del Materano"), and in 1996, Banca Popolare di Crotone S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Crotone"). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100% of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg S.A., 
a company set-up in 1996 whose headquarters are located in Luxembourg and whose business focus is on private 
banking, investment management and corporate banking services. 
In 1998 BPER acquired control of Banca del Monte di Foggia S.p.A. At the end of 1998 BPER acquired 
approximately 55 per cent of the share capital of Banca Popolare di Aprilia S.p.A. ("BPA"). The acquisition, in 
1999, of Banca Popolare di Salerno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare di Salerno"), Cassa di Risparmio dell'Aquila S.p.A. 
("Carispaq") and, in 2000, of Banca Popolare dell'Irpinia S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare dell'Irpinia") resulted in 
BPER consolidating its strong franchise in Campania and Abruzzo regions. 
In 2001 BPER acquired control of the Banco di Sardegna group (51 per cent of the share capital), creating one of 
the largest banking groups in the country with a domestic network of approximately 1,000 branches and more 
than 10,000 employees at that time. 
In June 2003 BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare dell'Irpinia and Banca Popolare di Salerno merged to form the 
banking entity Banca della Campania S.p.A. ("Banca della Campania"), into which Banca del Monte di Foggia 
S.p.A. merged on 28 December 2006. 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of ABF Leasing S.p.A. In June 2014 BPER and Banco di Sardegna 
resolved to commence the merger by incorporation of ABF Leasing S.p.A. into Sardaleasing S.p.A. The latter is 
a company operating in all leasing segments, with a distribution focus in the Sardinia region. 
In 2005 BPER became the sole shareholder of Banca CRV. In July 2010 the plan for the absorption of Banca CRV 
into BPER took place.

--- Page 153 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 145 - 
47-41082286 
 
In 2007, BPER acquired 48.75 per cent of the share capital of Arca Vita S.p.A. ("Arca Vita"). 
In November 2008, BPER subsidiaries Banca Popolare del Materano and Banca Popolare di Crotone merged to 
form a new banking entity named Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno S.p.A. ("Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno"). 
In March 2009, BPER acquired the entire share capital of Meliorbanca S.p.A. in a public tender offer. As a result, 
BPER – among others – gained indirect control over Banca della Nuova Terra S.p.A. ("BNT"), a bank specialised 
in agricultural loans, and Arca Vita that, in turn, controls ARCA Assicurazioni S.p.A, which specialises in non-
life insurance. The latter two companies were already BPER Group's insurance partners. 
Reorganisation of the ownership of BNT was completed on 3 February 2010. As a result of such reorganisation, 
the BPER Group released control of BNT and the investment in BNT was allocated in equal shares among the 
four banking shareholders (individually and/or at a group level). 
In April 2014, BNT signed a contract with a securitisation vehicle called BNT Portfolio SPV s.r.l. set up in 
accordance with Law 130/1999. The contract involved a without-recourse sale en bloc of a large part of the 
existing and future portfolio of performing and non-performing loans resulting from loan contracts granted and/or 
held by BNT. 
The notes issued by the SPV in a single tranche were subscribed by the member banks of BNT substantially in 
proportion to their respective interests. 
In 2009 the BPER Group was closely involved in the plan to restructure Banca Italease S.p.A. ("Banca Italease"). 
The implementation of the project began with the establishment of two companies, Release S.p.A. ("Release") 
and Alba Leasing S.p.A. ("Alba Leasing"). A considerable portion of the assets and liabilities of Banca Italease 
were contributed to these companies: in particular its impaired assets went to Release, while its performing loans 
deriving from the banking channel went to Alba Leasing. 
In June 2010 BPER and Banca Popolare di Sondrio S.c.p.A. ("BPS") transferred control over Arca Vita to Unipol 
Gruppo S.p.A. ("Unipol Group"). 
In February 2012 BPER set up BPER Trust Company S.p.A. as a wholly-owned subsidiary. The objects of the 
company were mainly to act as trustee for trusts established by customers, as well as to provide advice on trust 
matters. 
In November 2012 the merger by absorption of Meliorbanca S.p.A. by BPER took place. 
In January 2013 BPER, Carispaq, BPLS and BPA approved a plan of merger by incorporation of Carispaq, BPLS 
and BPA (hereinafter, the "Merged Companies") into BPER. 
In February 2013 BPER completed a process aimed at gaining control of Cassa di Risparmio di Bra S.p.A. ("CR 
Bra"). 
In 2014 the absorption by BPER of three further subsidiary banks, such as Banca Popolare del Mezzogiorno, 
Banca della Campania and Banca Popolare di Ravenna, took place. 
In 2016 BPER consolidated its own direct control of Banca di Sassari S.p.A. ("Banca di Sassari") – originally a 
subsidiary company of Banco di Sardegna S.p.A. ("Banco di Sardegna") – with the view to allowing Banca di 
Sassari to focus on consumer credit lending activity and electronic payment system business. In April 2020 Banca 
di Sassari changed its name to Bibanca S.p.A ("Bibanca"). 
In October 2016 BPER acquired 48.98% of the share capital of Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo S.p.A. ("CR 
Saluzzo"). 
In June 2017 BPER performed the acquisition from the Single Resolution Fund of 100% of the share capital of 
Nuova Cassa di Risparmio di Ferrara S.p.A. ("Nuova Carife"), which was merged into BPER in November 2017. 
Also taking into consideration the qualitative recommendations of the ECB contained in the 2018 SREP Decision, 
BPER Group's non-performing exposure strategy provided for the sale of bad loans (“NPL”) at a Group level, 
since 2018, through several securitisation transactions. 
In July 2019 BPER and BPS completed the purchase of the shares of Arca Holding S.p.A. ("Arca Holding") 
auctioned off by the receiverships of Banca Popolare di Vicenza S.p.A. and Veneto Banca S.p.A. (both in LCA 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa)), which in turn holds all the shares of Arca Fondi SGR.

--- Page 154 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 146 - 
47-41082286 
 
In July 2019 BPER acquired from Fondazione di Sardegna a 49% stake of Banco di Sardegna share capital and a 
stake of Banco di Sardegna preferred shares equal to approximately 36.90%. BPER currently holds the equivalent 
to 99.479% of the entire share capital of Banco di Sardegna, consisting of ordinary and preference shares. 
In July 2019 BPER purchased 100% of Unipol Banca S.p.A. ("Unipol Banca") from Unipol Group and UnipolSai 
Assicurazioni S.p.A. ("UnipolSai"). 
With effect from 25 November 2019 the deed of merger by incorporation of Unipol Banca with and into BPER 
was completed. 
In July 2020 BPER the merger through absorption of CR Bra and CR Saluzzo into BPER took place. 
In 2020 BPER entered into an agreement with the Intesa Sanpaolo Group ("ISP") pursuant to which BPER 
purchased a going concern composed of approximately 1.2 million clients, distributed on the relevant banking 
branches of the former UBI Banca S.p.A. ("UBI"). 
In April 2020 BPER ordinary and extraordinary shareholders' meeting approved, inter alia, the proposal to grant 
the Board of Directors the power to increase the share capital for payment for a maximum amount of Euro 1.0 
billion in order to fund the transaction with ISP. 
The transfer to BPER of the acquired business units took place in the first half of 2021. 
In 2021 the BPER Group completed a further massive sale of non-performing loans, by means of a securitisation 
transaction in compliance with the requirements and to be assisted by the Italian State guarantee scheme (GACS). 
Starting from 2021, the BPER Group also executed several sales of portfolios classified as "unlikely-to-pay" 
("UTP"). 
In June 2022 BPER executed the acquisition of the Banca Carige S.p.A. Group (“Carige Group”). As a 
consequence, inter alia, Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. ("BCP") and Banca del Monte di Lucca S.p.A. (“BML”) – 
formerly included into the Carige Group – became part of the BPER’s Group. 
The merger by absorption of Banca Carige S.p.A. ("Banca Carige" or "Carige") and BML into BPER took place 
in November 2022.  
In November 2023 a merger became effective by absorption of Optima S.p.A. Società di Intermediazione 
Mobiliare ("Optima SIM") into BCP, with the latter taking over all of Optima SIM's legal relationships, assets 
and liabilities. 
The merger was aimed at further concentrating the BPER's Group Wealth Management & Asset Management 
business lines within BCP. 
In January 2024 the BPER Group and the Gardant Group finalised an agreement on the establishment of a strategic 
partnership for the management of non-performing loans held by BPER and Banco di Sardegna. As a result two 
servicing agreements on the management and recovery of loans classified as both UTP and NPL, held by BPER 
and Banco di Sardegna, were entered into. 
 
Strategy 
New 2024-2027 Business Plan 
On 30 May 2024 BPER Banca’s Board of Directors agreed on the early closure of the 2022-2025 Group Business 
Plan, as at 31 December 2024. The decision was taken in light of the earlier-than-planned achievement of the main 
economic and financial targets, which were attained thanks to the Group's performance and favourable market 
conditions. 
The Board of Directors consequently vested the Chief Executive Officer, not least in consideration of the changed 
macroeconomic scenario, to prepare a new business plan for the 2024-2027 period (the “New 2024-2027 Business 
Plan”), to be submitted to the approval of the Board of Directors and presented to the market in October 2024. 
The New 2024-2027 Business Plan is built on three strategic pillars: 
1. 
“Unleash our clients’ full-value” with tailor-made products for BPER’s retail and private banking clients, 
leveraging on the new wealth management set-up, as well as supporting corporate clients with tailor-made 
banking solutions through the new corporate product factory.  
In this respect, with reference to retail banking clients, BPER will (i) enhance the distribution of insurance 
products (life, health and non-life insurance) via digitalised offering and by integrating bancassurance in

--- Page 155 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 147 - 
47-41082286 
 
the Group “Customer Relationship Management”, to improve commercial efficiency, (ii) enhance 
consumer finance via a digitalized product proposition, making the most of AI and GenAI optimised 
processes, and ensure selective growth in salary-backed loans through a new branch sales process, (iii) 
leverage its digital channels, and seize cross-selling opportunities leveraging its leading position in 
mortgages, in particular on new origination. Furthermore, BPER’s new “Omnichannel Service Model” will 
drive higher revenues through increased productivity and costs optimisation leveraging a number of drivers. 
In relation to private banking clients and wealth management, BPER will launch three main initiatives: (i) 
enhance clients’ asset allocation, (ii) boost Banca Private Cesare Ponti private bankers’ productivity, and 
(iii) strengthen BPER’s network of financial advisors. 
In relation to corporate banking clients, BPER will increase the share of wallet of its existing clients, paving 
the way for further businesses through its wide-ranging product proposition and its strategic partnerships, 
by four main initiatives: (i) growth in global transaction banking, an important source of steady, capital-
light fee and commission income; the Group will enhance its export financing proposition via partnerships 
with leading export credit agencies, whilst expanding its network of correspondent banks worldwide, (ii) 
focus on structured finance and capital markets services, also leveraging the partnership with third-party 
operators, (iii) boost of protection product offering, capitalizing BPER’s strategic partnership with the 
Unipol group, (iv) scale-up of a capital-light business model with an originate-to-distribute strategy; 
 
2. 
“Capture our latent economies of scale”, by increasing workforce productivity (through new 
omnichannel service model and artificial intelligence/generative artificial intelligence enabled process 
optimization and automation), up-skilling initiatives and insourcing key operational activities, while 
reducing administrative costs. In particular, the increase of BPER’s workforce productivity will be 
sustained by a strategic shift in sales channels and a material increase of operational efficiency. 
Furthermore, the zero-based external cost optimization initiative will be pervasive throughout the Issuer, 
including, for example, real estate space optimization, IT maintenance & running services and general 
external services; and 
 
3. 
“Leverage our strong balance sheet”, by improving and modernising credit risk and capital management. 
The Plan focuses on credit risk management and balance sheet strength in order to optimise the allocation 
of Risk Weighted Assets and remunerate BPER’s shareholders while maintaining an important level of 
CET1 ratio. In particular, BPER’s intention is growing its loan book without any deterioration of its key 
risk indicators and focusing on the modernisation of its credit and capital management process. BPER will 
be enhancing the management of debt collection to improve asset quality, leveraging early warning 
mechanisms that are fed into by machine learning-driven processes and best-in-class debt collection 
strategy thanks to the partnership with Gardant. 
Furthermore, BPER aims at completing its modernisation process. Such modernisation process will be pervasive 
across the Group and will ensure the successful and flawless execution of all strategic pillars via three main 
enablers: Technology, Security and AI, ESG and Sustainability commitment and Organization & People.  
Extraordinary transactions 
Additional Tier 1 bond issuance 
In January 2024 BPER announced that it had placed an Additional Tier 1 perpetual bond issuance, callable from 
year 5, for a total principal amount of Euro 500 million (the “Notes”). 
The Notes, reserved for institutional investors, were priced at par, with a fixed coupon until July 2029, payable 
semi-annually. If not called by BPER, the new fixed-rate coupon will be determined by adding a reset spread to 
the 5-year mid swap rate in euro as at the reset date and would remain fixed for the following 5 years (until the 
next recalculation date).

--- Page 156 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 148 - 
47-41082286 
 
BPER Group 
The BPER Group structure as at 30 June 2024 is as shown here below.

--- Page 157 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 149 - 
47-41082286 
 
The following companies are the principal subsidiaries of BPER as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Banco di Sardegna 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banco di Sardegna. 
As at 30 June 2024, Banco di Sardegna employed 1,876 staff and had 286 branches; its direct deposits amounted 
to Euro 11,771,413 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 6,077,161 thousand whilst net profit was 
Euro 65,620 thousand. 
Bibanca (former Banca di Sassari) 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER and Banco di Sardegna hold, respectively, 78.697 and 20.522 per cent. 
of the ordinary voting shares of Bibanca. As at 30 June 2024, Bibanca employed 221 staff and had no branches; 
its total direct deposits amounted to Euro 257,956 thousand (Bibanca had no indirect deposit) whilst net profit 
was Euro 30,173 thousand. 
Banca Cesare Ponti S.p.A. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent. of the ordinary voting shares of Banca Cesare Ponti. 
As at 30 June 2024, Banca Cesare Ponti employed 582 staff and had 2 branches; its direct deposits amounted to 
Euro 1,309,719 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 25,960,896 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 
17,940 thousand. 
BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, BPER holds 100 per cent of the share capital of BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
As at 30 June 2024, BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. employed 30 staff and had 1 branch; its direct deposits amounted 
to Euro 289,827 thousand, its indirect deposits amounted to Euro 672,944 thousand whilst net profit was Euro 
4,127 thousand. 
Dependence 
The Issuer is not dependent upon any other entity within the BPER Group. 
Management of BPER 
Board of Directors 
The board of directors of BPER (the "Board of Directors") is composed of 15 members (including the 
Chairperson). 
Name 
Title 
In office since 
 
Fabio Cerchiai 
Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
 
Gianni Franco Papa 
Chief Executive Officer 
21/04/2021 
 
Antonio Cabras 
Deputy Chairperson 
19/04/2024 
 
Elena Beccalli 
Director 
21/04/2021 
 
Silvia 
Elisabetta 
Candini 
Director 
21/04/2021 
 
Maria Elena Cappello 
Director 
21/04/2021 
 
Matteo 
Cordero 
di 
Montezemolo 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Angela Maria Cossellu 
Director 
19/04/2024

--- Page 158 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 150 - 
47-41082286 
 
Gianfranco Farre 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Piercarlo Giuseppe Italo 
Gera 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Andrea Mascetti 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Monica Pilloni 
Director 
21/04/2021 
 
Stefano Rangone 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Fulvio Solari 
Director 
19/04/2024 
 
Elisa Valeriani 
Director 
23/06/2021 
 
 
General Management 
Name 
Title 
Elvio Sonnino 
Deputy General Manager 
 
The Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports is: 
Name 
Title 
Marco Bonfatti 
Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports 
 
The business address of each of the above is c/o BPER, Via S. Carlo 8/20, 41121 Modena, Italy. 
The General Managers and the Manager responsible for preparing the Issuer's financial reports are referred to as 
Senior Executives. 
The Board of Directors is required under the BPER Articles of Association to meet monthly and at any other time 
when a meeting is convened by the Chairperson or called by one third of the Directors or by the Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is vested with all the powers for the ordinary and extraordinary administration of BPER, 
except those which are expressly reserved to the exclusive authority of the shareholders by Italian law or under 
the BPER Articles of Association. 
Subject to the foregoing, the Board of Directors may delegate to the executive committee11, the Chief Executive 
Officer and the General Managers such powers and duties regarding BPER's business and operations as it shall 
consider appropriate. 
Administrative, management and control bodies and Senior Executives conflicts of interests 
There are no conflicts of interest between any duties to the issuer and the private interests and/or other duties 
concerning the members of the Issuer's administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior 
Executives, with the exception of those possibly relating to the transactions submitted to the competent corporate 
bodies of the Bank according to the established procedures, in strict compliance with the laws and regulations in 
force. 
The Bank has in place procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation no. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as 
amended and Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and managing 
 
11 
Presently no executive committee has been appointed.

--- Page 159 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 151 - 
47-41082286 
 
potential conflicts of interest that may arise from, among others, any activities of the members of the Issuer's 
administrative, management and control bodies, as well as the Senior Executives outside of the Issuer, to ensure, 
where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to guarantee that related party 
transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of law. 
In this regard, it should be noted that the Board of Directors, on May 20, 2021, approved the internal document 
called "Group Policy for the governance of the risk of non-compliance with regard to conflicts of interest with 
related parties and risk towards related parties", after obtaining the favourable opinion of the committee 
composed of independent Directors and the control body, in order to ensure, among other things, the transparency 
and substantial and procedural correctness of the transactions carried out with associated parties and related 
parties. The aforementioned policy is published on BPER's website, https://istituzionale.bper.it. 
Finally, it should be noted that the members of the administrative, management and control bodies of the Bank, 
as well as the Senior Executives, are required to comply with the regulatory provisions referred to below, aimed 
at regulating cases in which the interests of the aforementioned subjects may be identified: 
(i) 
article 53 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which provides for the 
obligation of abstention for directors with a conflicting interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, 
without prejudice to the obligations under art. 2391, paragraph 1, of the Civil Code; 
(ii) 
article 136 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, which requires the adoption 
of a particular authorization procedure (resolution of the administrative body taken unanimously with 
the exclusion of the vote of the representative concerned and with the favourable vote of all the members 
of the control body) in the event that a bank contracts obligations of any kind or carries out transactions, 
directly or indirectly, with those who carry out administration, management and control functions within 
the same bank; 
(iii) 
article 150 of the Financial Services Act, which states that directors are required to report to the board of 
statutory auditors on transactions in which they have an interest, on their own or on behalf of third parties, 
or which are influenced by the person exercising the management and coordination activity; 
(iv) 
article 2391 of the Civil Code, pursuant to which the directors must notify the other directors and the 
board of statutory auditors of any interest that, on their own behalf or on behalf of third parties, they have 
in a specific company transaction, it being understood that, if the member of the board of the 
administration concerned is the chief executive officer, the latter must refrain from carrying out the 
transaction. In any case, the resolution of the board of directors must adequately justify the reasons and 
convenience for the company of the transaction; and 
(v) 
article 2391-bis of the Civil Code, the Regulations on Related Party Transactions and the New Prudential 
Supervisory Provisions. 
Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Name 
 
Title 
 
In office since 
 
Angelo Maria Giudici12 
 
Chairperson 
 
19/04/2024 
 
Michele Rutigliano 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
19/04/2024 
 
Patrizia Tettamanzi 
 
Acting Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
 
Sonia Peron 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
23/06/2021 
 
Andrea Scianca 
 
Substitute Auditor 
 
21/04/2021 
 
 
12 For further information see the paragraph “Recent Developments”.

--- Page 160 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 152 - 
47-41082286 
 
Shareholders 
As at 6 November 2024 the main shareholders of BPER were as follows13:  
Shareholder 
Shareholding (%) 
Unipol Gruppo S.p.A. 
15.06 
Fondazione di Sardegna 
10.22 
JP Morgan Chase & Co. 
5.57 
 
Rating of BPER 
Moody's: 
Short-Term Bank Deposit Rating: P-2; 
Long-Term Bank Deposit Rating: Baa1 with "stable" outlook; 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Baseline Credit Assessment ("BCA"): baa3; 
Senior Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Senior Non-Preferred Unsecured Medium-Term Note Program: Baa3 with "stable" outlook; 
Subordinate Medium-Term Note Program: Ba1 with "stable" outlook. 
S&P: 
Stand Alone Credit Profile: BBB-; 
Long-Term Issuer Credit Rating: BBB-; 
Short-Term Issuer Credit Rating: A-3; 
Long-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Resolution Counterparty Rating: A-2; 
Outlook: Positive. 
Fitch: 
Long-Term Issuer Default Rating: BBB- with "stable" outlook; 
Short-Term Issuer Default Rating: F3; 
Viability Rating: bbb-; 
 
13 Source: www.consob.it/web.

--- Page 161 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 153 - 
47-41082286 
 
Long-Term Senior Preferred Rating: BBB-; 
Long-Term Senior Non-Preferred Rating: BB+; 
Subordinated Debt: BB; 
Long-Term Deposit Rating: BBB; 
Short-Term Deposit Rating: F3. 
Morningstar DBRS: 
Long-Term Issuer Rating: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Issuer Rating: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Senior Debt: BBB with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Debt: R-2 (high) with "positive" trend; 
Senior Non-Preferred Debt: BBB (low) with "positive" trend; 
Subordinated Debt: BB (high) with "positive" trend; 
Long-Term Deposits: BBB (high) with "positive" trend; 
Short-Term Deposits: R-1 (low) with "stable" trend. 
Each of Moody's France SAS ("Moody's"), S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"), Fitch Ratings Ireland 
Limited (Italian branch) ("Fitch") and DBRS Ratings GmbH ("Morningstar DBRS") is established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended. Each of Moody's, Fitch, S&P 
and Morningstar DBRS is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority on its website (at http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk) in 
accordance with the EU CRA Regulation.

--- Page 162 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 154 - 
47-41082286 
 
Overview 
The underlying objective of the BPER Group is being a benchmark for business and households and supporting 
local economic growth focusing on digital transformation, innovation of processes and products, new 
internationalisation strategies and a renewed commitment to social responsibility. 
Thanks to  merger and acquisition’s transactions over the years, the BPER Group is today the country’s third 
largest listed banking group in terms of overall funding and number of branches and, through its investee 
companies, it is active in all major segments of the banking and investment services market: 
• 
Corporate & Investment Banking; 
• 
Private Banking & Wealth Management; 
• 
Bancassurance (mainly through the placement of third-party products); 
• 
Leasing; 
• 
Factoring; 
• 
Lending to retail customers. 
The BPER Group is present in all Italian regions, with a network of 1,634 branches nationwide as at 30 June 2024 
in addition to a branch in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg of subsidiary BPER Bank of Luxembourg S.A. This 
network is now complemented by the 112 Private Banking Centres of Banca Cesare Ponti, following the transfer 
of the Private Banking business by BPER to its subsidiary in the first half of 2024. 
As at 30 June 2024, net interest income comes to Euro 1,682 million (Euro 3,252 million as at 31 December 2023). 
Statements made by the Issuer regarding its competitive position 
At 31 December 2023, the Group's network consisted of 1,635 branches located throughout the country, as well 
as a branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 142,128,359 
thousand. 
As at 30 June 2024 the BPER Group's network consists of 1,634 branches throughout the country, as well as a 
branch office in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, with consolidated total assets of Euro 139,397,353 thousand. 
Geographical organisation of the BPER Group and employees 
The BPER Group companies employed 20,224 persons as at 31 December 2023. 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group's 
employees. 
Employees 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
17,023 
17,622 
(599) 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
30 
29 
1 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
221 
217 
4 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
1,876 
1,931 
(55) 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
582 
76 
506 
Total banks 
19,732 
19,875 
(143) 
Subsidiaries consolidated line-by-line 
340 
349 
(9) 
Balance sheet total 
20,072 
20,224 
(152) 
 
The following table shows, as at 30 June 2024 and 31 December 2023, a breakdown of the BPER Group's 
branches. 
Branches 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,346 
1,347 
(1) 
2. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
286 
286 
- 
3. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
2 
2 
- 
Total Italian banks 
1,634 
1,635 
(1) 
4. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1 
1 
- 
Total 
1,635 
1,636 
(1) 
Overview Financial Consolidated Information of the BPER Group

--- Page 163 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 155 - 
47-41082286 
 
The following tables set out certain consolidated balance sheet data of the BPER Group, as at 31 December 2023 
and 31 December 2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Income statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
Other operating expense / income 
100,737 
328,532 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
Profit (loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Balance Sheet statement 
2023 
2022 
Net Loans to customer 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
- of which net bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
Net interbank position 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
Financial assets 
28,600,425 
30,665,767 
Total assets 
142,128,359 
152,302,794 
Direct deposits 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
Indirect deposits 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
- of which managed 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
- of which administered 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Cash flows statement 
2023 
2022 
Net cash generated/absorbed by operating activities 
(3,419,544) 
12,793,995 
Net cash generated/absorbed by investment activities 
(314,078) 
(17,069) 
Net cash generated/absorbed by funding activities 
(178,373) 
(85,502) 
Net cash generated/absorbed in the year 
(3,911,995) 
12,691,424 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 as 
previously published on the relevant annual report. 
These data and ratios are not recognised as measures of financial performance or liquidity under IFRS. Investors 
should not place any undue reliance on these Non GAAP data and ratios and should not consider these measures 
as (a) an alternative to operating income or net income as determined in accordance with generally accepted 
accounting principles, or as measures of operating performance; (b) an alternative to cash flows from operating, 
investing or financing activities (as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles), or 
as a measure of BPER Group's ability to meet cash needs; or (c) an alternative to any other measures of 
performance under generally accepted accounting principles. These measures are not indicative of BPER Group's 
historical operating results, nor are they meant to be indicative of future results. These measures are used by 
management to monitor the underlying performance of the business and the operations. Since all companies do 
not calculate these measures in an identical manner, BPER Group's presentation may not be consistent with similar 
measures used by other companies. Therefore, investors should not place undue reliance on this data.

--- Page 164 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 156 - 
47-41082286 
 
Performance ratios14 
Financial ratios 
31.12.2023 
202215 
Structural ratios 
 
 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
62.07% 
59.86% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
74.28% 
79.40% 
Financial assets/total assets 
20.12% 
20.13% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.44% 
3.20% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.18% 
1.41% 
Texas Ratio 
21.82% 
32.29% 
Profitability ratios 
ROE 
24.15% 
7.94% 
ROTE 
23.94% 
8.30% 
ROA 
1.24% 
0.35% 
Cost to income ratio 
56.01% 
65.47% 
Cost of credit 
0.48% 
0.64% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority interests) 
plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as net profit for the year (only recurring component of Euro 1,731.1 million) on average 
shareholders’ equity of Group not including net profit. ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the net profit for 
the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ 
equity (i) including net profit for the year (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 1,731.1 million) 
stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and (ii) excluding intangible assets and equity instruments. 
ROA has been calculated as net profit for the year including net profit pertaining to minority interests (only recurring 
component of Euro 1,763.6 million) on total assets. The Cost to income ratio is calculated on the basis of the 
reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating income); when calculated on the basis of the schedules 
provided by the 8th update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to income ratio is at 59.34% (73.17% at 31 
December 2022 as per the Consolidated Financial Report for the year ending 31 December 2022). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers as 
at 31 December 2023. 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
31.12.2023 
202216 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
Leverage ratio 
5.5% 
4.3% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
160.9% 
195.3% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
128.4% 
127.3% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as 
amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015. 
 
14 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance measures”, 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses or regulated 
information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the reclassified statements. 
15  
The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 December 
2022. 
16  
The comparative ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2022 as per the Consolidated financial report as at 31 December 
2022.

--- Page 165 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 157 - 
47-41082286 
 
The following table sets out certain data and ratios of BPER as at 30 June 2024 and 2023. 
Performance ratios17 
Financial ratios 
30.06.2024 
202318 
Structural ratios 
Net loans to customers/total assets 
63.82% 
62.07% 
Net loans to customers/direct deposits from customers 
75.67% 
74.28% 
Financial assets/total assets 
19.04% 
20.12% 
Gross non-performing loans/gross loans to customers 
2.76% 
2.44% 
Net non-performing loans/net loans to customers 
1.32% 
1.18% 
Texas Ratio 
22.78% 
21.82% 
Profitability ratios 
ROE 
16.22% 
24.15% 
ROTE 
16.47% 
23.94% 
ROA 
1.03% 
1.24% 
Cost/income ratio 
56.91% 
50.59% 
Cost of credit 
0.20% 
0.30% 
 
The Texas Ratio is calculated as total gross non-performing loans on net tangible equity (Group and minority interests) 
plus impairment provisions for non-performing loans. 
ROE has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period (only the recurring component of Euro 697.7 
million) on the Group’s average shareholders’ equity not including net profit. 
ROTE is calculated as the ratio between the annualised net profit for the period (solely the recurring component 
of Euro 697.7 million) and the Group’s average shareholders’ equity: 
i) 
including net profit for the period (solely the recurring component amounting to Euro 697.7 million) 
stripped of the portion allocated to dividends and then annualised and 
ii) 
excluding intangible assets and equity instruments. 
ROA has been calculated as annualised net profit for the period including net profit pertaining to minority interests 
(only recurring component of Euro 714.8 million) on total assets. 
The Cost/Income ratio is calculated on the basis of the reclassified income statement (operating costs/operating 
income), if calculated on the basis of recurring results (operating costs amounting to Euro 1,395.9 million), the 
same indicator totals 50.61%. When calculated on the basis of the accounting schedules envisaged by the 8th 
update of Bank of Italy Circular no. 262, the Cost to Income ratio amounts to 61.05% (vs. 54.71% as at 30 June 
2023). 
The Cost of credit has been calculated as net impairment losses to loans to customers on net loans to customers as 
at 30 June 2024. The annualised cost of risk for the first half of the year is 41 bps, down from 48 bps in financial 
year ended on 31 December 2023. 
 
Prudential supervisory ratios 
30.06.2024 
202319 
Own Funds (Fully Phased) (in thousands of Euro) 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
Fully Phased capital ratios and liquidity ratios 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET1) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
Tier 1 Ratio (T1 Ratio) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
 
17 
The information provided is consistent with the ESMA document of 5 October 2015 “Guidelines on Alternative performance measures”, 
aimed at promoting the usefulness and transparency of Alternative Performance Measures included in prospectuses or regulated 
information. To construct ratios, reference was made to the balance sheet and income statement items of the reclassified statements. 
18  
The comparative balance sheet ratios, together with ROE, ROTE and ROA, have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2023 as per 
the Integrated Report and the Consolidated Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, while income statement 
ratios have been calculated on figures at 30 June 2023. 
19  
The comparative balance sheet ratios have been calculated on figures at 31 December 2023 as per the Integrated Report and the 
Consolidated Financial Report of the BPER Banca Group as at 31 December 2023, while income statement ratios have been calculated 
on figures at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 166 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 158 - 
47-41082286 
 
Total Capital Ratio (TC Ratio) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
Leverage ratio 
6.1% 
5.5% 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR) 
161.4% 
160.9% 
Net Stable Funding Ratio (NSFR) 
134.6% 
128.4% 
 
The Leverage Ratio has been calculated according to the provisions of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR), as 
amended by Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 62/2015.

--- Page 167 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 159 - 
47-41082286 
 
Loans to customers 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the loans of the 
BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts 
5,453,933 
5,482,779 
(28,846) 
-0.53 
Mortgage loans 
62,120,911 
62,952,434 
(831,523) 
-1.32 
Repurchase agreements 
- 
4,254 
(4,254) 
-100.00 
Leases and factoring 
5,134,789 
5,051,671 
83,118 
1.65 
Other transactions 
15,514,721 
17,683,697 
(2,168,976) 
-12.27 
Net loans to customers 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,224.4 million (Euro 91,174.8 million at 31 December 
2022), down by Euro 2,950.5 million compared to 31 December 2022. In terms of the various technical forms, 
the reduction of mortgages totalled Euro -831.5 million (-1.32%), Euro -28.8 million (-0.53%) on current accounts 
and Euro -2,169.0 million (-12.27%) on other transactions, the latter due primarily to the reduction of stage one 
and stage two Other loans of BPER Banca attributable primarily to subject to collection advances, deposits at 
Cassa Depositi e Prestiti, in addition to other subsidies totalling Euro 2,041.3 million. The reduction in loans to 
businesses and households is primarily reflective of the slowdown in demand due to increased interest rates and 
the increased perception of uncertainty in the evolution of the macroeconomic scenario. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,197,089 
2,991,445 
(794,356) 
-26.55 
Bad loans 
632,013 
961,093 
(329,080) 
-34.24 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,353,554 
1,871,880 
(518,326) 
-27.69 
Past due loans 
211,522 
158,472 
53,050 
33.48 
Gross performing exposures 
87,834,438 
90,589,650 
(2,755,212) 
-3.04 
Total gross exposure 
90,031,527 
93,581,095 
(3,549,568) 
-3.79 
Impairment losses on non-performing exposures 
1,153,879 
1,706,790 
(552,911) 
-32.39 
Bad loans 
457,424 
740,176 
(282,752) 
-38.20 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
638,689 
916,779 
(278,090) 
-30.33 
Past due loans 
57,766 
49,835 
7,931 
15.91 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
653,294 
699,470 
(46,176) 
-6.60 
Total impairment losses 
1,807,173 
2,406,260 
(599,087) 
-24.90 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,043,210 
1,284,655 
(241,445) 
-18.79 
Bad loans 
174,589 
220,917 
(46,328) 
-20.97 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
714,865 
955,101 
(240,236) 
-25.15 
Past due loans 
153,756 
108,637 
45,119 
41.53 
Net performing exposures 
87,181,144 
89,890,180 
(2,709,036) 
-3.01 
Total net exposure 
88,224,354 
91,174,835 
(2,950,481) 
-3.24 
 
At 31 December 2023, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,153.9 million (Euro 
1,706.8 million at 31 December 2022; -32.39%), for a coverage ratio of 52.52% (57.06% at 31 December 2022), 
while the provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 653.3 million (Euro 699.5 million at 31 December 
2022; -6.60%) and give a coverage ratio of to 0.74% (0.77% at 31 December 2022). 
Therefore, the overall level of credit coverage came to 2.01%, down compared to 2.57% as at 31 December 2022 
as a result of the measures taken on the non- performing portfolio, as described in more detail below.

--- Page 168 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 160 - 
47-41082286 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
82,120,863 
80,376,740 
-4.51 
-4.18 
1.78 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
320,045 
313,955 
212,805 
207,092 
50.39 
51.60 
1.90 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
3,100,919 
3,053,192 
12.12 
12.40 
1.29 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
7,317,602 
7,021,175 
-4.15 
-1.63 
1.52 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
39,932 
39,678 
43,128 
42,900 
-7.41 
-7.51 
0.64 
Total banks 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
92,795,317 
90,701,099 
-3.80 
-3.30 
1.74 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
3,659,519 
3,385,856 
-8.03 
-6.96 
6.40 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
1,948,903 
1,922,148 
12.38 
12.40 
1.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
470,076 
461,403 
653,101 
641,477 
-28.02 
-28.07 
1.85 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
271 
271 
263 
263 
3.04 
3.04 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
(5,476,008) 
(5,476,008) 
-3.95 
-3.95 
- 
adjustments 
 
 
Balance sheet total 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
93,581,095 
91,174,835 
-3.79 
-3.24 
2.01 
 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,695,781 
854,646 
2,179,899 
1,017,486 
-22.21 
-16.00 
49.60 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
7,910 
2,583 
9,540 
4,402 
-17.09 
-41.32 
67.35 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
65,018 
36,363 
58,166 
28,853 
11.78 
26.03 
44.07 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
128,821 
65,352 
328,032 
86,098 
-60.73 
-24.10 
49.27 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
626 
455 
567 
407 
10.41 
11.79 
27.32 
Total banks 
1,898,156 
959,399 
2,576,204 
1,137,246 
-26.32 
-15.64 
49.46 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
247,152 
61,743 
363,043 
123,902 
-31.92 
-50.17 
75.02 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
44,835 
19,522 
42,474 
20,036 
5.56 
-2.57 
56.46 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,946 
2,546 
9,724 
3,471 -28.57 
-26.65 
63.35 
Balance sheet total 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
2,991,445 
1,284,655 
-26.55 
-18.79 
52.52 
Non-performing loans (balance 
sheet total)/Loans to customers 
2.44% 
1.18% 
3.20% 
1.41% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,043.2 million (-18.79% on 31 December 2022), equal to 1.18% of 
total net loans to customers (1.41% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing 
loans to loans to customers is 2.44% (3.20% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 52.52% has decreased compared with 31 December 2022 (57.06%). As 
stated, the decrease in the average coverage of non- performing loans is mainly due to the disposals made during 
the year (notably UTPs) and the partial write-off of Euro 335 million of bad loans. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
404,839 
138,964 
453,215 
120,126 
-10.67 
15.68 
65.67 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,683 
13 
430 
- 
291.40 
n.s. 
99.23 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
6,023 
1,654 
15,445 
2,773 
-61.00 
-40.35 
72.54 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
25,258 
7,455 
210,965 
35,961 
-88.03 
-79.27 
70.48 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
9 
3 
163 
81 
-94.48 
-96.30 
66.67 
Total banks 
437,812 
148,089 
680,218 
158,941 
-35.64 
-6.83 
66.18 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
167,158 
22,443 
252,746 
56,907 
-33.86 
-60.56 
86.57 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
24,267 
3,289 
23,632 
3,834 
2.69 
-14.21 
86.45 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,776 
768 
4,497 
1,235 
-38.27 
-37.81 
72.33 
Balance sheet total 
632,013 
174,589 
961,093 
220,917 
-34.24 
-20.97 
72.38 
Bad loans (Balance sheet total)/ 
Loans to customers 
0.70% 
0.20% 
1.03% 
0.24%

--- Page 169 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 161 - 
47-41082286 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 174.6 million (-20.97% compared with 31 December 2022), accounting for 
0.20% of total net loans to customers (0.24% at 31 December 2022), whereas, on a gross basis, the bad loans 
on total loans to customers ratio comes to 0.70% (1.03% at 31 December 2022). 
The level of coverage of bad loans is 72.38% (77.01% at 31 December 2022). In addition to the partial write-
offs already outlined (made by BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca), the reduction in bad loans of the 
subsidiaries Banco di Sardegna and Sardaleasing is mainly attributable to disposals on the market, amounting to 
Euro 125.1 million and Euro 37.5 million, respectively. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Covera
ge ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,171,617 
623,658 
1,629,038 
830,228 
-28.08 
-24.88 
46.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
5,837 
2,287 
7,445 
3,223 
-21.60 
-29.04 
60.82 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
28,406 
15,803 
13,243 
8,274 
114.50 
91.00 
44.37 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
83,072 
42,740 
99,489 
37,152 
-16.50 
15.04 
48.55 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
450 
317 
404 
326 
11.39 
-2.76 
29.56 
Total banks 
1,289,382 
684,805 
1,749,619 
879,203 
-26.30 
-22.11 
46.89 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
54,487 
25,732 
100,363 
58,951 
-45.71 
-56.35 
52.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,741 
3,212 
18,182 
15,581 
-62.92 
-79.39 
52.35 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,944 
1,116 
3,716 
1,366 
-20.78 
-18.30 
62.09 
Balance sheet total 
1,353,554 
714,865 
1,871,880 
955,101 
-27.69 
-25.15 
47.19 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.50% 
0.81% 
2.00% 
1.05% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 714.9 million (-25.15% compared with 31 December 2022), representing 
0.81% of total net loans to customers (1.05% at 31 December 2022), while on a gross basis the ratio is 1.50% 
(2.00% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans decreased to 47.19%, compared with 48.98% as at 31 December 2022, due 
to the disposals completed during the year. In addition to the disposals related to the framework agreement entered 
into with Gardant and AMCO (Euro 900 million), BPER Banca disposed of single name UTPs of Euro 175.6 
million, while the subsidiary Sardaleasing made disposals of Euro 39.6 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Past due loans 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
119,325 
92,024 
97,646 
67,132 
22.20 
37.08 
22.88 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
390 
283 
1,665 
1,179 -76.58 
-76.00 
27.44 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,589 
18,906 
29,478 
17,806 
3.77 
6.18 
38.19 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
20,491 
15,157 
17,578 
12,985 
16.57 
16.73 
26.03 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
167 
135 
- 
- 
n.s. 
n.s. 
19.16 
Total banks 
170,962 
126,505 
146,367 
99,102 
16.80 
27.65 
26.00 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
25,507 
13,568 
9,934 
8,044 156.76 
68.67 
46.81 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
13,827 
13,021 
660 
621 
-- 
-- 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,226 
662 
1,511 
870 -18.86 
-23.91 
46.00 
Balance sheet total 
211,522 
153,756 
158,472 
108,637 
33.48 
41.53 
27.31 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.23% 
0.17% 
0.17% 
0.12% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 153.8 million (+41.53% compared with 31 December 2022) represents 
0.17% of total net loans to customers (0.12% at 31 December 2022), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past 
due loans to total loans to customers is 0.23% (0.17% at 31 December 2022). 
The coverage of past due loans is 27.31% (31.45% at 31 December 2022).

--- Page 170 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 162 - 
47-41082286 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of economic 
activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
31.12.2023 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,008,449 
1.14 
B. Mining and quarrying 
70,913 
0.08 
C. Manufacturing 
13,075,134 
14.82 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,379 
1.16 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and rehabilitation 
788,773 
0.89 
F. Construction 
2,981,804 
3.38 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
7,145,301 
8.10 
H. Transport and storage 
1,445,828 
1.64 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,690,069 
1.92 
J. Information and communication 
1,108,040 
1.26 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
223,827 
0.25 
L. Real estate 
3,871,542 
4.39 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,608,378 
2.96 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,261,397 
1.43 
P. Education 
51,730 
0.06 
Q. Health and welfare 
583,681 
0.66 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
193,290 
0.22 
S. Other services 
805,117 
0.90 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,933,652 
45.26 
Individuals and other not included above 
41,454,207 
46.99 
Financial companies 
4,021,084 
4.56 
Insurance 
97,349 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,718,062 
3.08 
Total loans 
88,224,354 
100.00

--- Page 171 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 163 - 
47-41082286 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
Loans to customers, net of adjustments, totalled Euro 88,962.5 million (Euro 88,224.4 million at 31 December 
2023), up by Euro 738.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. Among the various type of products, the 
reduction in the balance of current accounts was Euro -567.9 million (-10.41%) and leases and factoring 
transactions were down by Euro -302.3 million (-5.89%). An increase was instead registered in mortgage loans 
by Euro 497.4 million (+0.80%) and other transactions by Euro 1,110.9 million (+7.16%), driven by new bullet-
type loan originations for corporate customers. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
Gross non-performing exposures 
2,513,248 
2,197,089 
316,159 
14.39 
Bad loans 
710,115 
632,013 
78,102 
12.36 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
1,652,826 
1,353,554 
299,272 
22.11 
Past due loans 
150,307 
211,522 
(61,215) 
-28.94 
Gross performing exposures 
88,426,536 
87,834,438 
592,098 
0.67 
Total gross exposure 
90,939,784 
90,031,527 
908,257 
1.01 
Impairment losses on non-performing exposures 
1,339,169 
1,153,879 
185,290 
16.06 
Bad loans 
494,211 
457,424 
36,787 
8.04 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
802,678 
638,689 
163,989 
25.68 
Past due loans 
42,280 
57,766 
(15,486) 
-26.81 
Impairment losses on performing exposures 
638,127 
653,294 
(15,167) 
-2.32 
Total impairment losses 
1,977,296 
1,807,173 
170,123 
9.41 
Net non-performing exposures 
1,174,079 
1,043,210 
130,869 
12.54 
Bad loans 
215,904 
174,589 
41,315 
23.66 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
850,148 
714,865 
135,283 
18.92 
Past due loans 
108,027 
153,756 
(45,729) 
-29.74 
Net performing exposures 
87,788,409 
87,181,144 
607,265 
0.70 
Total net exposure 
88,962,488 
88,224,354 
738,134 
0.84 
 
As at 30 June 2024, the provisions relating to non-performing loans amounted to Euro 1,339.2 million (Euro 
1,153.9 million at 31 December 2023; +16.06%), for a coverage ratio of 53.28% (52.52% at 31 December 2023), 
while the provisions for performing loans amounted to Euro 638.1 million (Euro 653.3 million at 31 December 
2023; -2.32%) and give a non-performing coverage ratio of 0.72% (0.74% at 31 December 2023). 
The total coverage ratio is 2.17%, up compared with the figure as at 31 December 2023 (2.01%).  
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Loans to customers 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
79,246,571 
77,707,597 
78,414,497 
77,018,983 
1.06 
0.89 
1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
241,401 
235,673 
320,045 
313,955 
-24.57 
-24.93 
2.37 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
3,702,675 
3,641,746 
3,476,750 
3,431,929 
6.50 
6.11 
1.65 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,980,156 
6,855,346 
7,013,795 
6,907,025 
-0.48 
-0.75 
1.79 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
65,714 
65,339 
39,932 
39,678 
64.56 
64.67 
0.57 
Total banks 
90,236,517 
88,505,701 
89,265,019 
87,711,570 
1.09 
0.91 
1.92 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
3,265,623 
3,051,319 
3,365,546 
3,150,041 
-2.97 
-3.13 
6.56 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
1,939,347 
1,915,233 
2,190,128 
2,160,582 
-11.45 
-11.36 
1.24 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
433,293 
425,231 
470,076 
461,403 
-7.82 
-7.84 
1.86 
9. BPER Real Estate s.p.a. 
- 
- 
271 
271 
-100.00 
-100.00 
- 
Other companies and 
consolidation 
(4,934,996) 
(4,934,996) 
 
 
 
 
adjustments 
(5,259,513) 
(5,259,513) 
-6.17 
-6.17 
- 
Balance sheet total 
90,939,784 
88,962,488 
90,031,527 
88,224,354 
1.01 
0.84 
2.17 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Non-performing loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,983,696 
974,591 
1,695,781 
854,646 
16.98 
14.03 
50.87 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
8,161 
2,757 
7,910 
2,583 
3.17 
6.74 
66.22 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
79,261 
36,454 
65,018 
36,363 
21.91 
0.25 
54.01 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
154,767 
77,719 
128,821 
65,352 
20.14 
18.92 
49.78

--- Page 172 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 164 - 
47-41082286 
 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
511 
345 
626 
455 
-18.37 
-24.18 
32.49 
Total banks 
2,226,396 
1,091,866 
1,898,156 
959,399 
17.29 
13.81 
50.96 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
236,490 
57,304 
247,152 
61,743 
-4.31 
-7.19 
75.77 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
43,948 
22,465 
44,835 
19,522 
-1.98 
15.08 
48.88 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
6,414 
2,444 
6,946 
2,546 
-7.66 
-4.01 
61.90 
Balance sheet total 
2,513,248 
1,174,079 
2,197,089 
1,043,210 
14.39 
12.54 
53.28 
Non-performing loans (balance 
sheet total)/Loans to customers 
2.76% 
1.32% 
2.44% 
1.18% 
 
 
 
 
Net non-performing loans amount to Euro 1,174.1 million (+12.54% on 31 December 2023), equate to 1.32% of 
total net loans to customers (1.18% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of non-performing 
loans to loans to customers equates to 2.76% (2.44% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of non-performing loans of 53.28% has increased compared with 31 December 2023 (52.52%). 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Bad loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
479,899 
178,959 
404,839 
138,964 
18.54 
28.78 
62.71 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,728 
20 
1,683 
13 
2.67 
53.85 
98.84 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
11,539 
3,038 
6,023 
1,654 
91.58 
83.68 
73.67 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
33,379 
9,580 
25,258 
7,455 
32.15 
28.50 
71.30 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
56 
15 
9 
3 522.22 
400.00 
73.21 
Total banks 
526,601 
191,612 
437,812 
148,089 
20.28 
29.39 
63.61 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
161,538 
22,202 
167,158 
22,443 
-3.36 
-1.07 
86.26 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
19,564 
1,412 
24,267 
3,289 
-19.38 
-57.07 
92.78 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,412 
678 
2,776 
768 
-13.11 
-11.72 
71.89 
Balance sheet total 
710,115 
215,904 
632,013 
174,589 
12.36 
23.66 
69.60 
Bad loans (Balance sheet total)/ 
Loans to customers 
0.78% 
0.24% 
0.70% 
0.20% 
 
 
 
 
Net bad loans amount to Euro 215.9 million (+23.66% compared with 31 December 2023), accounting for 
0.24% of total net loans to customers (0.20% at 31 December 2023), whereas, on a gross basis, the ratio of bad 
loans to total loans to customers comes to 0.78% (0.70% at 31 December 2023). 
The coverage of bad loans is 69.60%, down from 72.38% as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Unlikely-To-Pay loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% 
Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% 
Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
1,430,706 
743,572 
1,171,617 
623,658 22.11 
19.23 
48.03 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
5,881 
2,331 
5,837 
2,287 
0.75 
1.92 
60.36 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
37,615 
14,592 
28,406 
15,803 32.42 
-7.66 
61.21 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
101,536 
54,110 
83,072 
42,740 22.23 
26.60 
46.71 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
331 
225 
450 
317 -26.44 
-29.02 
32.02 
Total banks 
1,576,069 
814,830 
1,289,382 
684,805 22.23 
18.99 
48.30 
6. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
67,988 
30,363 
54,487 
25,732 24.78 
18.00 
55.34 
7. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
6,283 
4,007 
6,741 
3,212 -6.79 
24.75 
36.22 
8. Finitalia s.p.a. 
2,486 
948 
2,944 
1,116 -15.56 
-15.05 
61.87 
Balance sheet total 
1,652,826 
850,148 
1,353,554 
714,865 22.11 
18.92 
48.56 
Unlikely to pay loans/Loans to 
customers 
1.82% 
0.96% 
1.50% 
0.81% 
 
 
 
 
Net unlikely-to-pay loans total Euro 850.1 million (+18.92% on 31 December 2023), representing 0.96% of total 
net loans to customers (0.81% at 31 December 2023), while, on a gross basis, the ratio is 1.82% (1.50% at 31 
December 2023). 
The coverage of unlikely-to-pay loans has increased to 48.56%, compared with 47.19% at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 173 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 165 - 
47-41082286 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Past due loans 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
% Gross 
change 
% Net 
change 
% Coverage 
ratio 
 
Gross 
Net 
Gross 
Net 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
73,091 
52,060 
119,325 
92,024 
-38.75 
-43.43 
28.77 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
552 
406 
390 
283 
41.54 
43.46 
26.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
30,107 
18,824 
30,589 
18,906 
-1.58 
-0.43 
37.48 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
19,852 
14,029 
20,491 
15,157 
-3.12 
-7.44 
29.33 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
124 
105 
167 
135 
-25.75 
-22.22 
15.32 
Total banks 
123,726 
85,424 
170,962 
126,505 
-27.63 
-32.47 
30.96 
5. Sardaleasing s.p.a. 
6,964 
4,739 
25,507 
13,568 
-72.70 
-65.07 
31.95 
6. BPER Factor s.p.a. 
18,101 
17,046 
13,827 
13,021 
30.91 
30.91 
5.83 
7. Finitalia s.p.a. 
1,516 
818 
1,226 
662 
23.65 
23.56 
46.04 
Balance sheet total 
150,307 
108,027 
211,522 
153,756 
-28.94 
-29.74 
28.13 
Past due loans/Loans to 
customers 
0.17% 
0.12% 
0.23% 
0.17% 
 
 
 
 
The net amount of past due loans of Euro 108.0 million (-29.74% compared with 31 December 2023) represents 
0.12% of total net loans to customers (0.17% at 31 December 2023), whereas on a gross basis the ratio of past 
due loans to total loans to customers is 0.17% (0.23% at 31 December 2023). The coverage of past due loans is 
28.13% (27.31% at 31 December 2023).

--- Page 174 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 166 - 
47-41082286 
 
The breakdown of loans to non-financial corporates is reported below by the respective ATECO codes of economic 
activity: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Distribution of loans 
30.06.2024 
% 
A. Agriculture, forestry and fishing 
1,007,811 
1.13 
B. Mining and quarrying 
75,900 
0.09 
C. Manufacturing 
13,061,946 
14.68 
D. Provision of electricity, gas, steam and air-conditioning 
1,020,882 
1.15 
E. Provision of water, sewerage, waste management and 
rehabilitation 
780,146 
0.88 
F. Construction 
2,765,048 
3.11 
G. Wholesaling and retailing, car and motorcycle repairs 
6,949,330 
7.81 
H. Transport and storage 
1,478,323 
1.66 
I. Hotel and restaurants 
1,594,258 
1.79 
J. Information and communication 
1,168,101 
1.31 
K. Financial and insurance activities 
80,085 
0.09 
L. Real estate 
3,692,517 
4.15 
M. Professional, scientific and technical activities 
2,896,794 
3.26 
N. Rentals, travel agencies, business support services 
1,313,820 
1.48 
O. Public administration and defence, compulsory social security 
2 
- 
P. Education 
48,539 
0.05 
Q. Health and welfare 
552,996 
0.62 
R. Arts, sport and entertainment 
204,358 
0.23 
S. Other services 
637,416 
0.72 
Total loans to non-financial corporates 
39,328,272 
44.21 
Individuals and other not included above 
42,035,321 
47.24 
Financial companies 
4,706,161 
5.29 
Insurance 
94,215 
0.11 
Governments and other public entities 
2,798,519 
3.15 
Total loans 
88,962,488 
100.00

--- Page 175 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 167 - 
47-41082286 
 
Net interbank lending 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the net interbank 
position of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
10,938,266 
16,058,404 
(5,120,138) 
-31.88 
- Loans 
1,661,081 
2,885,583 
(1,224,502) 
-42.44 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
76,611 
234,376 
(157,765) 
-67.31 
2. Repurchase agreements 
302,711 
358,702 
(55,991) 
-15.61 
3. Compulsory reserve 
1,036,703 
1,347,747 
(311,044) 
-23.08 
4. Other 
245,056 
944,758 
(699,702) 
-74.06 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
9,277,185 
13,172,821 
(3,895,636) 
-29.57 
1. with Central Banks 
8,155,778 
12,706,014 
(4,550,236) 
-35.81 
2. with Banks 
1,121,407 
466,807 
654,600 
140.23 
B. Due to banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Total (A-B) 
3,183,816 
(5,942,085) 
9,125,901 
-153.58 
 
The net interbank position as at 31 December 2023 improved by Euro 9,125.9 million compared to 31 December 
2022. As at 31 December 2023, investments decreased in “overnight” deposits at Central Banks which, as at 31 
December 2023, amounted to Euro 8,155.8 million (-35.81% compared to 31 December 2022) due to lower cash 
and cash equivalents to be invested as a result of repayments at maturity of three tranches of TLTRO. 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Net interbank position 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
A. Loans to banks 
- Loans 
1. Current accounts and deposits 
2. Repurchase agreements 
3. Compulsory reserve 
4. Other 
- Current accounts and demand deposits 
1. with Central Banks 
2. with Banks 
B. Due to banks 
9,441,736
1,573,342
37,550 
308,138 
993,111 
234,543 
7,868,394
7,555,713
312,681
5,334,790
10,938,266 
1,661,081 
76,611 
302,711 
1,036,703 
245,056 
9,277,185 
8,155,778 
1,121,407 
7,754,450 
(1,496,530) 
(87,739) 
(39,061) 
5,427 
(43,592) 
(10,513) 
(1,408,791) 
(600,065) 
(808,726) 
(2,419,660) 
-13.68 
-5.28 
-50.99 
1.79 
-4.20 
-4.29 
-15.19 
-7.36 
-72.12 
-31.20 
Total (A-B) 
4,106,946 
3,183,816 
923,130 
28.99 
 
The net interbank position as at 30 June 2024 improved by Euro 923.1 million compared to 31 December 2023. 
As at 30 June 2024, a decrease was observed in “overnight” deposits with Central Banks which, as at 30 June 
2024, amounted to Euro 7,555.7 million (-7.36% compared to 31 December 2023) due to lower cash and cash 
equivalents to be invested taking into account that the latest TLTRO tranche came to maturity in the first half of 
the year (Euro 1,670 million).

--- Page 176 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 168 - 
47-41082286 
 
Refinancing transactions with the European Central Bank 
The following table shows BPER’s transactions with the ECB as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Refinancing operations with the European Central Bank 
Principal 
Maturity 
Targeted Long Term Refinancing Operation (TLTRO-III) - BPER 
Banca 
1,670 
27.03.2024 
Total 
1,670 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the BPER Group had TLTRO III loans outstanding for an amount of Euro 1,670 million. 
On 29 March 2023, the auction with value date 25 March 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 
800 million. 
On 28 June 2023, the auction with value date 24 June 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount of Euro 9,700 
million. 
On 27 September 2023, the auction with value date 30 September 2020 came to maturity, for a nominal amount 
of Euro 3,710 million. 
The following table shows BPER’s Counterbalancing Capacity as at 31 December 2023. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
30,100 
8,587 
21,513 
- of which Securities and loans transferred to the 
Pooling Account 
8,430 
1,705 
6,725 
 
At 31 December 2023, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing 
at the European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 30,100 million (Euro 33,512 
million at 30 September 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,513 million (Euro 22,659 million 
at 30 September 2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 31 December 2023, a total of Euro 8,430 million, 
refinanced for Euro 1,705 million, therefore with Euro 6,725 million still available, is attributable to the Pooling 
Account (as at 30 September 2023 securities eligible for refinancing totalling Euro 11,227 million were held in 
the Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,688 million, therefore with Euro 9,539 million still available). 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Group has no TLTRO-III or other transactions in place with the ECB. 
The following table shows BPER’s Counterbalancing Capacity as at 30 June 2024. 
(in millions of Euro) 
Counterbalancing Capacity 
Guarantee 
value 
Encumbered 
portion 
Unencumbered 
portion 
Eligible securities and loans 
26,192 
4,263 
21,929 
- of which Securities and loans transferred to the 
Pooling Account 
5,693 
- 
5,693 
 
At 30 June 2024, the Central Treasury held significant resources relating to securities eligible for refinancing at the 
European Central Bank of an overall amount, net of margin calls, of Euro 26,192 million (Euro 30,100 million at 
31 December 2023). The unencumbered portion amounts to Euro 21,929 million (Euro 21,513 million at 31 
December 2023). Of the amount held in the Treasury, as at 30 June 2024, a total of Euro 5,693 million, not 
refinanced and hence entirely available, is attributable to the Pooling account (as at 31 December 2023 securities 
eligible for refinancing totalling Euro 8,430 million were held in the Pooling Account, refinanced for Euro 1,705 
million, therefore with Euro 6,725 million still available).

--- Page 177 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 169 - 
47-41082286 
 
Funding 
The following table shows, as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, a breakdown of the funding position 
of the BPER Group. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
94,485,148 
102,489,461 
(8,004,313) 
-7.81 
Time deposits 
3,342,264 
1,221,563 
2,120,701 
173.61 
Repurchase agreements 
2,087,467 
- 
2,087,467 
n.s. 
Lease liabilities 
313,188 
349,651 
(36,463) 
-10.43 
Other short-term loans 
4,626,485 
3,354,268 
1,272,217 
37.93 
Bonds 
11,163,577 
6,307,775 
4,855,802 
76.98 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
10,528,372 
5,983,336 
4,545,036 
75.96 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
635,205 
324,439 
310,766 
95.79 
Certificates 
2,009,641 
879,198 
1,130,443 
128.58 
Certificates of deposit 
738,892 
229,116 
509,776 
222.50 
Direct deposits from customers 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
- of which under management 
65,244,865 
60,597,120 
4,647,745 
7.67 
- of which under administration 
83,776,376 
78,278,078 
5,498,298 
7.02 
Customer funds under administration 
267,787,903 
253,706,230 
14,081,673 
5.55 
Deposits from banks 
7,754,450 
22,000,489 
(14,246,039) 
-64.75 
Funds under administration or management 
275,542,353 
275,706,719 
(164,366) 
-0.06 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 118,766.7 million have increased by 3.43% since 31 December 2022. 
Among the various technical forms, the main item to record a negative balance change was current accounts 
and demand deposits, with Euro -8,004.3 million (-7.81%), which was more than offset by the increase in fixed-
term forms of funding: time deposits of Euro 2,120.7 million, repurchase agreements of Euro 2,087.5 million, 
bonds of Euro 4,855.8 million (+76.98%), the latter as a result of new BPER Banca 2023 bond issues for 
institutional customers, and certificates for an amount of Euro 1,130.4 (+128.58%). 
Indirect deposits, marked to market, amount to Euro 149,021.2 million, up by Euro 10,146.0 million (7.31%) 
compared to 31 December 2022, given the positive effect on market prices. 
Total funds under administration or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 7,754.5 
million) amount to Euro 275,542.4 million. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
106,131,423 
102,208,104 
3,923,319 
3.84 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
422,804 
603,465 
(180,661) 
-29.94 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
264,124 
262,666 
1,458 
0.56 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,964,113 
11,741,914 
222,199 
1.89 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
257,834 
289,381 
(31,547) 
-10.90 
Total banks 
119,040,298 
115,105,530 
3,934,768 
3.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(273,636) 
(274,498) 
862 
-0.31 
Total 
118,766,662 
114,831,032 
3,935,630 
3.43 
 
Direct deposits include subordinated liabilities: 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes % Change 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,681,160 
1,646,723 
34,437 
2.09 
 
The subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,681.2 million, have increased by 2.09% 
compared with 31 December 2022. As was the case in December 2022, there are no convertible subordinated 
liabilities at 31 December 2023.

--- Page 178 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 170 - 
47-41082286 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
127,758,364 
120,395,078 
7,363,286 
6.12 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
1,589,947 
1,623,374 
(33,427) 
-2.06 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
5,385,331 
4,444,970 
940,361 
21.16 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,023,505 
915,096 
108,409 
11.85 
Total banks 
135,757,147 
127,378,518 
8,378,629 
6.58 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
36,930,675 
31,804,032 
5,126,643 
16.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(23,666,581) 
(20,307,352) 
(3,359,229) 
16.54 
Total 
149,021,241 
138,875,198 
10,146,043 
7.31 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
Current accounts and demand deposits 
92,906,925 
94,485,148 
(1,578,223) 
-1.67 
Time deposits 
3,841,928 
3,342,264 
499,664 
14.95 
Repurchase agreements 
1,660,349 
2,087,467 
(427,118) 
-20.46 
Lease liabilities 
423,893 
313,188 
110,705 
35.35 
Other liabilities 
5,545,578 
4,626,485 
919,093 
19.87 
Bonds 
9,472,231 
11,163,577 
(1,691,346) 
-15.15 
- subscribed for by institutional customers 
8,928,242 
10,528,372 
(1,600,130) 
-15.20 
- subscribed for by ordinary customers 
543,989 
635,205 
(91,216) 
-14.36 
Certificates 
2,410,825 
2,009,641 
401,184 
19.96 
Certificates of deposit 
1,303,025 
738,892 
564,133 
76.35 
Direct deposits from customers 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
Indirect deposits (off-balance sheet figure) 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10 
- of which under management 
68,582,707 
65,244,865 
3,337,842 
5.12 
- of which under custody 
89,525,196 
83,776,376 
5,748,820 
6.86 
Customer funds under custody 
275,672,657 
267,787,903 
7,884,754 
2.94 
Deposits from banks 
5,334,790 
7,754,450 
(2,419,660) 
-31.20 
Funds under custody or management 
281,007,447 
275,542,353 
5,465,094 
1.98 
 
Direct deposits from customers of Euro 117,564.8 million have decreased by 1.01% since 31 December 2023. 
Among the various technical forms, the main items to record a negative balance change were: bonds for an amount 
of Euro -1,691.3 million (-15.15%) as a result of the repayment of some transactions with institutional 
counterparties; current accounts and demand deposits for an amount of Euro -1,578.2 million (-1.67%); repos for 
an amount of Euro -427.1 million (-20.46%). By contrast, time deposits were up by Euro 499.7 million (+14.95%), 
certificates were up by Euro 401.2 million (+19.96%) as a result of the new bond issuances of the Parent Company, 
BPER Banca, in the first half of 2024, certificates of deposit were up by Euro 564.1 million (+76.35%) and Other 
liabilities grew by Euro 919.1 million (+19.87%) primarily in connection with short-term forms of funding (Cold 
Money). 
Indirect customer deposits, marked to market, amounted to Euro 158,107.9 million, up by Euro 9,086.7 million 
(+6.10%) compared to 31 December 2023, given the positive market trend recorded in the period. 
Total funds under custody or management by the Group, including deposits from banks (Euro 5,334.8 million) 
amount to Euro 281,007.4 million. 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Direct deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
104,072,798 
106,131,423 
(2,058,625) 
-1.94 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
289,827 
422,804 
(132,977) 
-31.45 
3. Bibanca s.p.a. 
257,956 
264,124 
(6,168) 
-2.34 
4. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
11,771,413 
11,964,113 
(192,700) 
-1.61 
5. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
1,309,719 
257,834 
1,051,885 
407.97 
Total banks 
117,701,713 
119,040,298 
(1,338,585) 
-1.12 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(136,959) 
(273,636) 
136,677 
-49.95 
Total 
117,564,754 
118,766,662 
(1,201,908) 
-1.01 
 
Direct funding includes subordinated liabilities:

--- Page 179 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 171 - 
47-41082286 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
Non-convertible subordinated liabilities 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
Total Subordinated liabilities 
1,667,724 
1,681,160 
(13,436) 
-0.80 
 
Subordinated loans outstanding, with a book value of Euro 1,667.7 million, have decreased by 0.80% compared 
with 31 December 2023. As was the case in December 2023, there are no convertible subordinated liabilities at 
30 June 2024. 
 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Indirect deposits 
30.06.2024 
31.12.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
1. BPER Banca s.p.a. 
110,945,351 
127,758,364 
(16,813,013) 
-13.16 
2. BPER Bank Luxembourg s.a. 
672,944 
1,589,947 
(917,003) 
-57.68 
3. Banco di Sardegna s.p.a. 
6,077,161 
5,385,331 
691,830 
12.85 
4. Banca Cesare Ponti s.p.a. 
25,960,896 
1,023,505 
24,937,391 
-- 
Total banks 
143,656,352 
135,757,147 
7,899,205 
5.82 
5. Arca Fondi SGR s.p.a. 
39,669,265 
36,930,675 
2,738,590 
7.42 
Other companies and consolidation adjustments 
(25,217,714) 
(23,666,581) 
(1,551,133) 
6.55 
Total 
158,107,903 
149,021,241 
9,086,662 
6.10

--- Page 180 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 172 - 
47-41082286 
 
Own Funds and capital ratios 
The harmonised rules for banks and investment firms contained in Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (CRR) and in the 
2013/36/EU Directive (CRD IV) approved on 26 June 2013 and published in the Official Journal of the European 
Union the next day, entered into force on 1 January 2014. 
These rules were later amended by Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
(“CRR2”) and Directive 2019/878/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council (CRDV) of 20 May 2019, 
published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 7 June 2019. Subject to certain exceptions, the CRR2 
Regulation applies from 28 June 2021. 
This regulatory framework, which is the only set of rules that seeks to harmonise prudential regulations of the 
Member States of the European Community, was made applicable in Italy by the Bank of Italy’s Circular 285, 
published on 17 December 2013 and subsequent updates. 
The scope of consolidation for accounting purposes is the same as that used for prudential reporting purposes: 
companies excluded are treated in the same way as the Banks and Companies subject to significant influence and 
consolidated under the equity method. 
As at 30 June 2024, the BPER Banca Group has internal models in use for measuring the capital requirements 
relating to the credit risk represented by both business and retail customers. The perimeter includes: 
• 
BPER Banca, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca (ECB authorisation of 24 June 2016); 
• 
Banca Carige and subsidiaries (approved by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company on 7 July 
2022 and subsequently transmitted to the ECB); 
• 
former Cassa di risparmio di Saluzzo, former UBI Banca and former Unipol Banca (ECB authorisation 
of 16 February 2023 29 June 2023)20. 
By decision dated 24 November 2023 (Identification for 2024 of other systemically important institutions 
authorized to operate in Italy), the Bank of Italy identified the Issuer as an “Other Systemically Important 
Institution” (“O-SII”) authorized to operate in Italy. Therefore, the Bank of Italy mandated the Issuer to apply a 
capital buffer of 0.125% of its total risk-weighted exposure from 1 January 2024 and of 0.25% from 1 January 
2025. 
On 30 November 2023, after completing the annual SREP prudential review and evaluation process, BPER Banca 
received notification from the ECB of the latest prudential requirements to be met on a consolidated basis pursuant 
to art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013. 
Based on the outcome of the SREP assessment conducted in 2023 with reference date 31 December 2022 and any 
other relevant information received thereafter, the ECB has established that, with effect from 1 January 2024, 
BPER shall maintain a minimum consolidated capital ratio in terms of Common Equity Tier 1 of 8.54%, consisting 
of the sum of the minimum regulatory Pillar 1 requirement of 4.5%, the additional Pillar 2 requirement of 1.38%21 
and the Combined Buffer Requirement of 2.66%22. 
Capital requirements to be met by 30 June 2024 are listed below: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio: of 8.44%, being the sum of Pillar 1 minimum regulatory requirement 
pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (4.50%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in 
accordance with art. 16 of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.27%23), plus the combined 
buffer requirement in accordance with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national 
law (2.67%24); 
 
20  The former Cassa di Risparmio di Saluzzo and former UBI Banca exposures fall under the new system starting from the Supervisory Reports 
as of 31 March 2023; the former Unipol exposures fall under the Supervisory Reports of 30 June 2023 
21  The Pillar 2 additional own funds requirement is 2.45% (including NPE P2R add-on equal to 0.20%) to be held in the form of 56.25% of 
CET1 capital and 75% of Tier 1 capital, as a minimum. 
22  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.03% as at 30 September 2023). 
23  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, to 
be held in the form of 56.25% of CET1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% has 
been zeroed from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 56.25% to be held in 
the form of CET1). 
24  The Combined Buffer Requirement is made up of the Capital Conservation Buffer (2.50%), the O-SII Buffer (0.125%) and the 
Countercyclical Capital Buffer (0.0432% as at 30 June 2024).

--- Page 181 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 173 - 
47-41082286 
 
• 
Tier 1 Ratio: of 10.36%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of Regulation 
(EU) 575/2013 (6.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 16 of Regulation 
(EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 1.69%25), plus the combined buffer requirement in accordance with 
art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%); 
• 
Total Capital Ratio: of 12.92%, being the sum of the minimum requirement pursuant to art. 92 of 
Regulation (EU) 575/2013 (8.00%), plus the additional Pillar 2 requirement in accordance with art. 16 
of Regulation (EU) 1024/2013 (P2R component of 2.25%), plus the combined buffer requirement in 
accordance with art. 129-131 of Directive 2013/36/EU as transposed into national law (2.67%). 
In accordance with regulations for the prudential supervision of banks, failure to comply with the CET1 Ratio and 
Total Capital Ratio minimum requirements would lead to limitations on the distribution of earnings and the need 
to adopt a plan for the conservation of capital. 
The amount of available equity (Fully Phased-in CET1) as at 30 June 2024 is quantified at Euro 3,644 million 
(roughly 682 b.p. of CET1). 
With regard to the above, the CET1 amount was calculated by including the portion of the profit for the period 
that can be allocated to equity, amounting to Euro 299.4 million, as determined in accordance with the process 
envisaged in art. 3 of ECB Decision (EU) 656/2015 dated 4 February 2015 and art. 26, para. 2 of Regulation (EU) 
575/2013 (CRR) for its inclusion. 
The following table shows the BPER Group's capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements for 
regulatory purposes as at 31 December 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2022 
Fully Phased 
Change 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - CET1 
7,736,303 
6,379,995 
1,356,308 
21.26 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
150,352 
150,435 
(83) 
-0.06 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
7,886,655 
6,530,430 
1,356,225 
20.77 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 - T2) 
1,777,200 
1,761,978 
15,222 
0.86 
Total Own Funds 
9,663,855 
8,292,408 
1,371,447 
16.54 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,501,799 
52,989,278 
512,521 
0.97 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
14.46% 
12.04% 
+242 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
14.74% 
12.32% 
+242 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
18.06% 
15.65% 
+241 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
37.64% 
34.79% 
+285 bps 
 
The following table shows the BPER Banca Group’s capital ratios and the minimum capital adequacy requirements 
for regulatory purposes as at 30 June 2024. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
 
30.06.2024 
Fully Phased 
31.12.2023 
Fully Phased 
Changes 
% 
Change 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital - CET1 
8,153,163 
7,736,303 
416,860 
5.39 
Additional Tier 1 capital (AT1) 
645,773 
150,352 
495,421 
329.51 
Tier 1 capital (Tier 1) 
8,798,936 
7,886,655 
912,281 
11.57 
Tier 2 capital (Tier 2 - T2) 
1,780,462 
1,777,200 
3,262 
0.18 
Total Own Funds 
10,579,398 
9,663,855 
915,543 
9.47 
Total Risk-weighted assets (RWA) 
53,416,782 
53,501,799 
(85,017) 
-0.16 
CET1 Ratio (CET1/RWA) 
15.26% 
14.46% 
+80 bps 
Tier 1 Ratio (Tier 1/RWA) 
16.47% 
14.74% 
+173 bps 
Total Capital Ratio (Total Own Funds/RWA) 
19.81% 
18.06% 
+175 bps 
RWA/Total assets 
38.32% 
37.64% 
+68 bps 
 
 
25  The additional Pillar 2 requirement communicated by the ECB to BPER on 30 November 2023 in the Final SREP Letter was 2.45%, to 
be held in the form of 75% of Tier 1 capital as a minimum. The P2R add-on relative to the NPE Coverage Expectation of 0.20% has been 
zeroed from 31 March 2024. As a consequence, the additional Pillar 2 requirement is 2.25% (of which at least 75% to be held in the form 
of Tier 1).

--- Page 182 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 174 - 
47-41082286 
 
The capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 are as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.46% (12.04% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 14.74% (12.32% as at 31 December 2022); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 18.06% (15.65% as at 31 December 2022). 
The capital ratios as at 30 June 2024 are as follows: 
• Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 15.26% (14.46% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Tier 1 Ratio (Fully Phased) of 16.47% (14.74% as at 31 December 2023); 
• Total Capital Ratio (Fully Phased) of 19.81% (18.06% as at 31 December 2023). 
Note that the BPER Group uses different methods for calculating risk-weighted assets, which are summarised 
below: 
• credit risk - for Group entities represented by BPER, Banco di Sardegna and Bibanca, credit risk is 
measured using the AIRB approach. For Banks and other Companies that are not in the scope of 
validation and for other risk assets not included in the validated models, the standardised approach has 
been maintained; 
• credit adjustment risk - the standardised approach is used; 
• market risk - the standardised approach is used for assessing market risk (general and specific risk on 
equities, general risk on debt securities and positioning risk for units in investment funds) to determine 
the related separate and consolidated capital requirement; 
• operational risk - operational risk measurement uses the standardised approach (TSA).

--- Page 183 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 175 - 
47-41082286 
 
Economic Performance 
The table below sets out the consolidated income statement as at 31 December 2023 compared with 31 December 
2022. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
31.12.2023 
31.12.2022 
Changes 
% 
Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
3,251,817 
1,825,893 
1,425,924 
78.09 
40+50 
Net commission income 
2,010,426 
1,942,080 
68,346 
3.52 
70 
Dividends 
30,884 
22,124 
8,760 
39.60 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
100,042 
139,722 
(39,680) 
-28.40 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
100,737 
328,532 
(227,795) 
-69.34 
 
Operating income 
5,493,906 
4,258,351 
1,235,555 
29.01 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,980,567) 
(1,682,286) 
(298,281) 
17.73 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(833,193) 
(877,808) 
44,615 
-5.08 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment and 
(263,564) 
(227,672) 
(35,892) 
15.76 
 
intangible assets 
 
Operating costs 
(3,077,324) 
(2,787,766) 
(289,558) 
10.39 
 
Net operating income 
2,416,582 
1,470,585 
945,997 
64.33 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at amortised cost 
(436,261) 
(606,059) 
169,798 
-28.02 
 
- loans to customers 
(425,583) 
(582,815) 
157,232 
-26.98 
 
- other financial assets 
(10,678) 
(23,244) 
12,566 
-54.06 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair value 
(57) 
(442) 
385 
-87.10 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications without 
3,006 
(139) 
3,145 
- 
 
derecognition 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(433,312) 
(606,640) 
173,328 
-28.57 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(62,481) 
(132,256) 
69,775 
-52.76 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, IDPF - VS 
(161,241) 
(172,423) 
11,182 
-6.49 
250+260+270+280 Gains (Losses) on investments 
(34,905) 
(7,745) 
(27,160) 
350.68 
275 
Gain on a bargain purchase 
- 
948,123 
(948,123) 
-100.00 
290 
Profit (Loss) from current operations before tax 
1,724,643 
1,499,644 
224,999 
15.00 
300 
Income taxes on current operations for the year 
(172,874) 
(25,764) 
(147,110) 
570.99 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the year 
1,551,769 
1,473,880 
77,889 
5.28 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to minority interests 
(32,273) 
(24,905) 
(7,368) 
29.58 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the year pertaining to the Parent Company 
1,519,496 
1,448,975 
70,521 
4.87 
 
The following table sets out the same data as at 30 June 2024 compared with 30 June 2023. 
(in thousands of Euro) 
Items 
30.06.2024 
30.06.2023 
Changes 
% Change 
10+20 
Net interest income 
1,682,472 
1,544,969 
137,503 
8.90 
40+50 
Net commission income 
1,014,738 
975,858 
38,880 
3.98 
70 
Dividends 
37,093 
25,135 
11,958 
47.58 
### 
Gains (losses) of equity investments consolidated 
(1,271) 
16,677 
(17,948) 
-107.62 
 
under the equity method 
 
80+90+100+110 
Net income from financial activities 
10,293 
53,948 
(43,655) 
-80.92 
230 
Other operating expense/income 
14,725 
32,639 
(17,914) 
-54.89 
 
Operating income 
2,758,050 
2,649,226 
108,824 
4.11 
190 a) 
Staff costs 
(1,060,157) 
(860,041) 
(200,116) 
23.27 
190 b) 
Other administrative expenses 
(377,266) 
(365,109) 
(12,157) 
3.33 
210+220 
Net adjustments to property, plant and equipment 
(132,250) 
(115,017) 
(17,233) 
14.98 
 
and intangible assets 
 
 
Operating costs 
(1,569,673) 
(1,340,167) 
(229,506) 
17.13 
 
Net operating income 
1,188,377 
1,309,059 
(120,682) 
-9.22 
130 a) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at amortised cost 
(174,447) 
(269,330) 
94,883 
-35.23 
 
- loans to customers 
(180,864) 
(271,225) 
90,361 
-33.32 
 
- other financial assets 
6,417 
1,895 
4,522 
238.63 
130 b) 
Net impairment losses to financial assets at fair value 
(44) 
498 
(542) 
-108.84 
140 
Gains (Losses) from contractual modifications 
(655) 
2,896 
(3,551) 
-122.62 
 
without derecognition 
 
 
Net impairment losses for credit risk 
(175,146) 
(265,936) 
90,790 
-34.14 
200 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(11,005) 
(65,386) 
54,381 
-83.17 
250+260+270+280 
Gains (Losses) on investments 
151,327 
(7,346) 
158,673 
-- 
 
Profit (Loss) from current operations 
1,153,553 
970,391 
183,162 
18.88 
### 
Contributions to SRF, DGS, FITD - SVI 
(109,564) 
(49,484) 
(60,080) 
121.41 
290 
Profit (Loss) before tax 
1,043,989 
920,907 
123,082 
13.37

--- Page 184 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 176 - 
47-41082286 
 
300 
Income taxes for the period 
(302,812) 
(201,396) 
(101,416) 
50.36 
330 
Profit (Loss) for the period 
741,177 
719,511 
21,666 
3.01 
340 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to minority interests 
(17,005) 
(14,960) 
(2,045) 
13.67 
350 
Profit (Loss) for the period pertaining to the Parent 
724,172 
704,551 
19,621 
2.78 
 
Company

--- Page 185 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 177 - 
47-41082286 
 
Identification of risks, underlying uncertainties and the approach to manage them 
The BPER Group identifies the Risk Appetite Framework (“RAF”) as a tool for overseeing the risk profile that 
the Group intends to take in the implementation of its business strategies, considering it as an essential element 
to ensure that the risk governance policy and process by which risks are managed comply with the principles of 
sound and prudent business management. The RAF provides the frame of reference that, in line with the maximum 
acceptable risk, defines the business model and strategic plan, risk appetite, tolerance thresholds, risk limits, risk 
management policies and the key processes needed to define and implement them. 
The key principles of the RAF are formalised and approved by the Parent Company, which periodically reviews 
them, ensuring that they are in line with the strategic guidelines, business model and regulatory requirements 
in force at any given time. The RAF is a coordinated set of methodologies, processes, policies, controls and 
systems that make it possible to establish, communicate and monitor the Group’s risk appetite. In line with the 
regulatory guidelines26, the Group adopts mechanisms aimed at allowing effective integration of the risk appetite 
with management activities. In particular, the Group consistently reconciles its RAF, business model, strategic 
plan, Capital, Funding and NPE Plan, ICAAP, ILAAP and budget. 
The BPER Group expresses its risk appetite with reference to the risks identified in the “Group Risk Map”. This 
document illustrates the risks that may have significant impacts on the Group’s capital adequacy and profits, 
preventing or limiting the Group from fully achieving its strategic and operating objectives. 
The Group constantly monitors the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of RAF metrics with respect to the established 
risk appetite and thresholds, in order to intercept any overruns and trigger the required escalation processes by 
addressing the necessary communications to the Corporate Bodies and identify subsequent remedial actions. 
The system of thresholds defined by the BPER Group expresses risk appetite through the values of risk objectives 
(Risk Appetite). 
Early Warning thresholds, Risk Tolerance thresholds and Risk Limits are set to ensure, in any case, that the Group 
has sufficient margins to operate, including under stress conditions, within the maximum risk than can be assumed 
(Risk Capacity). 
RAF management includes the following activities: 
• identification of the risks to be evaluated that may have significant impacts on the economic, financial and 
equity equilibrium of the Group (Group Risk Map); 
• identification of the elements through which the Group expresses its risk appetite level to achieve its 
strategic objectives (areas of analysis, metrics, thresholds and risks for which it is considered appropriate 
to define qualitative guidelines for monitoring); 
• definition of threshold calibration and quantification rules; 
• formalisation of decisions taken in the RAS (Risk Appetite Statement) domain; 
• verification of trends in the actual risk values (Risk Profile) of the RAF metrics with respect to the 
established risk appetite and thresholds; 
• definition and activation of specific escalation processes in the event of a breach of thresholds with timely 
reporting to the Corporate Bodies and intervention measures differentiated by breach significance; 
• preparation of periodic reporting aimed at providing, on a quarterly basis, a summary overview of the 
evolution of the actual risk values with respect to the thresholds defined. 
The BPER Group, in compliance with prudential supervisory regulations, periodically performs an accurate 
identification of the risks to which it is or could be exposed by taking account of its operations and reference 
markets. 
This activity is the result of an integrated and ongoing recognition process carried out centrally by the Parent 
Company, which also envisages (if deemed necessary in relation to any developments and/or changes in the 
business model) the involvement of the individual legal entities included in the Group’s scope of consolidation, in 
order to enhance their role in relation to individual and specific operational features. In this regard, the Group Risk 
Map is viewed as having management and risk governance purposes, making it the cornerstone of the Internal 
Control System. 
 
26  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013.

--- Page 186 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 178 - 
47-41082286 
 
The risk identification process involves periodic updating of the “Map of Group Risks”, which illustrates the 
relative position of the Bank with respect to Pillar 1 and 2 risks27 , with a point-in-time and forward-looking 
perspective, in order to foresee any risks capable of impacting the operations of the Group or of its legal entities. 
In line with the RAF defined by the Parent Company, for risks identified as significant, the Board of Directors of 
BPER sets, with a special policy, the risk objectives, the related risk exposure and operational limits and the process 
of risk assumption and management. 
In line with the “Group Policy on the Internal control system”, the Corporate Bodies have a central role in 
the process of risk governance, providing for certain responsibilities with regard to the design, implementation, 
evaluation and external communication, as part of the development of the Group’s system of internal controls. 
The Parent Company’s Board of Directors therefore performs the strategic supervision function at Group level, 
intervening in all phases envisaged by the model and, by means of strategic directives, involving the Boards of 
Directors of the individual Group Banks and Companies for the activities that are their responsibility, i.e.: 
• it gives the CEO adequate powers and resources to implement the strategic guidelines, the RAF and risk 
governance policies defined by the Board of Directors of the Parent Company in the design of the internal 
control system and is responsible for taking all the necessary steps to ensure that the organisation and its 
internal control system comply with the principles and requirements laid down in regulatory provisions, 
monitoring compliance on an ongoing basis; 
• receives, either directly or through the CEO, the information flows required to gain full awareness of the 
various risk factors and the ability to govern them, so as to plan and implement interventions to ensure 
the compliance and adequacy of the Internal Control System. 
For said purpose, the Chief Executive Officer, in relation to the Group as a whole and its members, with the help of 
the competent structures, implements the necessary initiatives and activities to continuously guarantee the 
completeness, adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system. 
The Boards of Statutory Auditors28 of the Parent Company and of the Group companies, each to the extent of its 
own responsibilities, perform their assignments as foreseen by the law and the articles of association and have the 
responsibility of ensuring the completeness, suitability and functionality of the internal control system and of the 
RAF. The results are brought to the attention of the respective Boards of Directors. 
The Board of Directors of each Group company assigns a mandate to its own corporate structures to implement, 
in its own corporate set-up, the decisions taken by the Parent Company. 
Internal board committees and other internal committees set up by the Boards of Directors of the Parent Company 
and of the Group companies are also involved in the overall Internal Control System, whose composition and 
functioning are defined in the relevant regulation approved by the Board itself. 
The internal board committees are dedicated to the in-depth analysis of specialist topics and have inquiry, advisory 
and proposal-making duties in support of the Board of Directors, while the Internal Committees provide advice 
and support to the Management Body. 
In particular, the Risks (managerial) Committee, a body with consultative powers, assists the Chief Executive 
Officer in the determination and implementation of the Risk Appetite Framework, of risk governance policies and 
of the capital and liquidity adequacy process for the Group and Group Companies. 
Credit Risk 
With regard to credit risk, the metrics of the internal rating system are used for management reporting purposes. 
More specifically: 
• a Credit Risk Report is prepared for management every quarter and the results are included in the 
quarterly risk report, which is then sent to Top Management and the various Corporate Bodies of the 
Parent Company and of Group Banks and Companies. The information is discussed by the Risks 
Committee and presented by the Chief Risk Officer to the Control and Risk Committee and the Board of 
Directors of the Parent Company; 
• a summary report is prepared for the Top Management of the Parent Company and of Group Banks and 
 
27  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, Title III, Chapter 1 - Attachment D. 
28  
Bank of Italy Circular no. 285 of 2013, first part, Title IV, Chapter 3 “The body with control function is responsible for monitoring the 
completeness, adequacy, functionality and reliability of the internal control system and the RAF”.

--- Page 187 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 179 - 
47-41082286 
 
Companies on a monthly basis, including the monitoring of supervisory thresholds set for credit and 
concentration risk; 
• a network reporting tool is prepared, characterised by different views of the loan portfolio, with different 
levels of data aggregation (Branch, Regional Department, General Management, Bank and Group) and 
hierarchical visibility cones. 
Financial Risk 
With regard to financial risk management, an analytical system is used to measure, monitor and report on market, 
counterparty, liquidity and interest-rate risks. The Group’s policy for managing the securities portfolio, market 
risk, interest rate risk (ALM) and liquidity and funding risk is defined by the Finance Committee. Operational 
reports are prepared on the risks profiles, with frequencies varying from daily to monthly, depending on the 
characteristics of each risk that is monitored. Every quarter, an overall report on financial risks is presented to the 
Risks Committee, the Risk Control Committee, the Board of Directors of the Parent Company and, for the areas 
within their remit, to the Boards of Directors of the Group companies. 
Operational risk 
As regards the governance of operational risk, the BPER Group applies the Traditional Standardised Approach 
(TSA) to calculate the capital requirement for operational risk29. 
The Own Funds requirement is calculated by determining the three-year average of the sum of the annual Own Funds 
requirement for the lines of business in which the relevant indicator was classified30. 
The model of operational risk governance and management adopted by the BPER Group, designed to identify, 
assess, monitor, mitigate and report operational risks to the appropriate hierarchical levels, is formalised in specific 
internal rules. It provides for the centralised management at the Parent Company by the Operational, ICT & 
Reputational Risk service, which relies on the support from a Contact of the Risk Function in place at all Group 
banks and companies. 
The operational risk management and measurement system adopted by the BPER Group is ensured by: 
• Loss Data Collection: system for collecting and filing the loss events that derive from operational risks, 
supported by dedicated IT tools under constant development that ensure the completeness, accuracy and 
quality of the data gathered; 
• measurement of operating risks via the Risk Self-Assessment, in order to determine over a one-year 
time horizon the prospective level of exposure to operating risks and assess the adequacy of processes 
and line controls; 
• measurement of risk by determining the level of capital absorption by operating risk from both a 
regulatory (own funds) and an operational standpoint (economic capital); 
• system of reporting and communication to the Board of Directors and Senior Management, together with 
procedures to undertake appropriate mitigation actions based on the information flows sent. 
Together, the analysis of loss data collection and the measurement of operational risks make it possible to identify 
areas of vulnerability in which operating losses are more concentrated, in order to understand the underlying 
causes and highlight the opportunity for corrective actions, including insurance cover (external transfer of risk). 
The BPER Group has adopted an analytical framework for IT risk, with the aim of identifying the exposure to IT 
risk and the corrective actions needed to avoid exceeding the established risk appetite threshold. A specific analysis 
is carried out in relation to operational and security risk related to payment services. 
Reputational Risk 
The BPER Group has implemented a framework for the management of reputational risk in order to monitor, 
manage, mitigate and periodically present in an organised manner the position of the Group in relation to this risk, 
together with the corrective actions needed to mitigate any vulnerabilities identified31. 
The principal elements comprising the framework for the management of reputational risk are described and 
formalised in the “Policy on the governance of reputational risk”. This document centralises the management of 
this activity within the Risk Management Function of the Parent Company and specifies the responsibilities of the 
 
29  
This choice was made starting from reporting of data as at 31 December 2013. 
30  
See CRR – Part three, Title III, Chapter 3, art. 317. 
31  
This choice was made with effect from the 2017 financial year.

--- Page 188 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 180 - 
47-41082286 
 
Organisational Units within the Parent Company and the Group companies concerned, both under normal 
operating conditions and should any “critical reputational events” occur. 
The system of reputational risk management adopted by the BPER Group has the following components: 
• 
identification and assessment of risk based on Reputational Data Collection and Reputational Self-
Assessment; 
• 
monitoring of the Group’s exposure to reputational risk using a series of specific Key Risk Indicators; 
• 
management of critical reputational events (escalation): management of particularly critical reputational 
events, by means of a functional escalation process and the determination of short and long term responses 
and mitigation; 
• 
reporting: preparation of suitable reports, based on the various processes/sub-processes comprising the 
framework, in order to present in summary form the outcome of the risk management activities to all 
bodies and functions concerned. 
Business Continuity 
In the first half of 2024, the activities aimed at the “Ordinary Management” of Business Continuity continued 
with the aim of updating the Business Continuity Plan of the Parent Company and of the Group companies. The 
business continuity manager coordinated monitoring activities of threats (emergency management process), 
including Climate Risk impact. During the first half of 2024 the Bank was resilient: in spite of increasing extreme 
weather events and flooding there were no branch closures or discontinuation in business processes. 
In the second part of the first half of 2024, Business Impact Analyses (BIAs) were carried out during the year to 
identify potential risks and failure points of business processes, business continuity solutions were updated to 
ensure effective recovery in the event of an emergency, and scheduled business continuity and disaster recovery 
tests were carried out to check the effectiveness of the Plan and to ensure continuous improvement. 
The elements that characterised the first half of the year concerned: 
• 
the start of phase 2 of adjustment to the Digital Operational Resilience Act (DORA) regulation, which 
will come into force on 17 January 2025, as a follow-up to the assessment launched in 2023; 
• 
the definition of guidelines to formalise a suppliers’ monitoring model under the DORA Regulation 
requirements; 
• 
the activities necessary for maintaining ISO 22301 certification ; 
• 
the monitoring of Banca Cesare Ponti’s business continuity after the merger and transfer of the business 
unit which brought about the subsequent re-mapping of critical processes; 
• 
constant monitoring of critical suppliers through checks on existing contracts and continuity tests and 
through the gathering of appropriate information to fully assess the quality of planned continuity 
measures; 
• 
running of tests as required after the implementation of the business continuity plan with a specific focus 
on cyber-scenarios; 
• 
running of the Cyber Resilience Stress Test as required by the ECB early in the first half of the year; 
• 
running of a specific test on volcanic and bradyseismic risk in the Campi Flegrei area; 
• 
implementation of the “Piano Emergenza Vesuvio” (Vesuvius Contingency Plan) with an update on its 
specificities as per the amendments to Law Decree 140/2023. 
Activities continued with a view to enhancing the focus on operational resilience and the dissemination of a culture 
of business continuity within the Group. In a continuous improvement perspective, the activities included training 
sessions for the roles involved in Business Continuity, Disaster Recovery and Crisis Management working for the 
Parent Company and the Group companies. Training also specifically involved the Business Continuity Supplier 
contacts as they are critical for the purposes of business continuity. 
Climate Change 
Transition to a circular, low-carbon economy and its integration and management in the regulatory and prudential 
supervisory framework entails both risks and opportunities for the entire economic system and for financial 
institutions, while the physical damage caused by climate change and environmental degradation can have a 
significant impact on the real economy and the financial sector. 
The European Central Bank identified climate and environmental risks among the main risk factors to be 
proactively managed under the supervisory priorities of the Single Supervisory Mechanism (SSM) for the banking 
sector, and starting in 2021, undertook activities aimed at verifying banks’ positioning with respect to the

--- Page 189 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 181 - 
47-41082286 
 
provisions of the guidelines that the ECB issued on the subject (ECB Guide on climate-related and environmental 
risk). 
Against this backdrop, the BPER Group has structured its own sustainability process through the adoption of an 
integrated strategy, capable of combining business growth and financial strength with social and environmental 
sustainability, thereby creating long-term shared value. The sustainability perspective has been fully integrated in 
the 2022-2025 Business Plan. 
In particular, the BPER Group, through cross-cutting work groups, identified action lines in the climate-related 
and environmental areas to strengthen strategy, business, risk governance and regulatory compliance. With this in 
mind, an activity/ intervention plan was defined and approved by the Parent Company’s Board of Directors and 
sent to the European Central Bank. Furthermore, follow-up continued in 2023 on the ECB’s Thematic Review, 
aimed at checking compliance with the ECB Guidelines in order to further strengthen climate-environmental 
governance practices.  
With reference to the Risk Management framework, in line with plans and communications to the Supervisory 
Authority, the incorporation of ESG issues within the entire Group Risk Management set-up continued in the first 
months of 2024, including the strengthening of the materiality analysis of risk factors as part of the risk 
identification process, the evolution of the Risk Appetite Framework and of ICAAP by identifying specific Key 
Risk Indicators and introducing dedicated analyses, the updating of risk management processes and the integration 
of risk reporting. 
When integrating the aforementioned areas, consideration was also given to the connections and relationships with 
the various business processes impacted and the commitments made by the Group in this regard (e.g., Net Zero 
Banking Alliance - NZBA). 
All of this confirms the strategic importance that the BPER Group attaches to sustainability issues, the 
management of which translates into consistent and concrete commitments both at governance level and in the 
day-to-day operations of all of the Company’s functions. 
It should finally be highlighted that the BPER Group will continue to consider additional areas of intervention in 
the next years to further develop its risk management frameworks with the aim of specifically capturing both the 
risk type specificities and developments in the regulatory and macro-economic frameworks.

--- Page 190 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 182 - 
47-41082286 
 
Recent Developments 
Acceptance of around 600 additional early retirement 
On 30 May 2024 BPER announced that the Board of Directors considered the possibility to facilitate - also via 
the use of the banking industry Solidarity Fund - the acceptance of around 600 additional early retirement 
applications, received under the agreement aimed at promoting generational and professional turnover, signed on 
23 December 2023. 
Simone Marcucci appointed as Chief Financial Officer 
On 18 July 2024 BPER informed that the Board of Directors has appointed Mr. Simone Marcucci as the Bank’s 
Chief Financial Officer, effective 19 July 2024. 
Mr. Gian Luca Santi, the previous Chief Financial Officer and Deputy General Manager, stepped down from his 
roles on the above date to pursue new professional opportunities outside the Group. 
Communication of change in share capital of BPER Banca 
On 9 August 2024 BPER announced that the new composition of its share capital following the partial voluntary 
conversion of the convertible bond loan “€ 150,000,000 Convertible Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes”, issued by 
the Bank on 25 July 2019, as approved by BPER’s Board of Directors on 11 July 2019 on the basis of the mandate 
granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 4 July 2019. 
More precisely, following the conversion requests received by 15 July 2024, no. 416,666 BPER ordinary shares 
were issued on 31 July 2024, with full rights. 
The certification regarding the new amount of the share capital was registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 9 August 2024. 
The consequent composition of BPER’s share capital, fully subscribed and paid in, as of 31 July 2024, was equal 
to no. 1,416,267,184 ordinary shares. 
BPER also notified that its updated Articles of Association were registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 9 August 2024 and were made available to the public at the registered office and on its website. 
Communication of change in share capital of BPER Banca 
On 10 September 2024 BPER announced that the new composition of its share capital following the partial 
voluntary conversion of the convertible bond loan “€ 150,000,000 Convertible Additional Tier 1 Capital Notes”, 
issued by the Bank on 25 July 2019, as approved by BPER’s Board of Directors on 11 July 2019 on the basis of 
the mandate granted by the Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting of 4 July 2019. 
More precisely, following the conversion requests received by 31 July 2024, no. 5,357,140 BPER ordinary shares 
were issued on 14 August 2024, with full rights. 
The certification regarding the new amount of the share capital was registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 10 September 2024. 
The consequent composition of BPER’s share capital, fully subscribed and paid in, as of 14 August 2024, was 
equal to no. 1,421,624,324 ordinary shares. 
Finally, BPER notified that its updated Articles of Association were registered with the Companies’ Register of 
Modena on 10 September 2024 and were made available to the public at the registered office and on its website. 
Resignation of the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
On 25 October 2024 BPER informed that the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors, Angelo Mario Giudici, has 
submitted his resignation from the position, effective from the appointment of his successor by the next 
Shareholders’ Meeting, and in any case, no later than 1 ° January 2025. 
As stated by Chair Giudici himself, the resignation was made for strictly personal reasons. 
BPER has been planning to convene an ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting to be held in the second half of December 
2024 to deliberate on the replacement of the Chair of the Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 191 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 183 - 
47-41082286 
 
REGULATORY SECTION 
ECB guidance on NPL provisioning 
The ECB has published on 20 March 2017 its final guidance on non-performing loans ("NPLs") as amended and 
supplemented in March 2018 for NPLs classified as such after 1 April 2018. It outlines measures, processes and 
best practices which banks should incorporate when tackling NPLs. The ECB expects banks to fully adhere to the 
guidance in line with the severity and scale of NPLs in their portfolios. In addition, on 15 March 2018, the ECB 
published an addendum to the ECB guidance to banks on NPLs. The addendum supplements the qualitative 
guidance on NPLs dated 20 March 2017 and specifies the ECB's supervisory expectations for prudent levels of 
provisions for new NPLs. 
The guidance calls on banks to implement realistic and ambitious strategies to work towards a holistic approach 
regarding the problem of NPLs. This includes areas such as governance and risk management. For instance, banks 
should ensure that managers are incentivised to carry out NPL reduction strategies. This should also be closely 
managed by their management bodies. The ECB does not stipulate quantitative targets to reduce NPLs. Instead, 
it asks banks to devise a strategy that could include a range of policy options such as NPL work-out, servicing, 
and portfolio sales. 
The guidance is applicable as of its date of publication and is currently non-binding in nature. However, banks 
should explain and substantiate any deviations upon supervisory request. This guidance is taken into consideration 
in the Single Resolution Mechanism regular supervisory review and evaluation process and non-compliance may 
trigger supervisory measures. To this end, the new EU Regulation no. 2019/630 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for 
non-performing exposures has been recently adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential backstop" to prevent 
the risk of under provisioning of future NPLs. These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws 
and regulations that may be adopted in the future could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, 
results of operations and cash flow. 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
On 2 July 2014, the directive providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (Directive 2014/59/EU) (the "Bank Recovery and 
Resolution Directive" or "BRRD") entered into force. The BRRD is designed to provide competent authorities 
with a credible set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as to 
ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising the impact of 
an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
The BRRD contains four resolution tools and powers which may be used alone or in combination where the 
relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no reasonable 
prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution within a 
reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest: 
• 
sale of business - which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the firm or the whole or part of 
its business on commercial terms; 
• 
bridge institution - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the firm to 
a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public control); 
• 
asset separation - which enables resolution authorities to transfer all assets to one or more publicly owned 
asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximising their value through 
eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool only); and 
• 
bail-in - which gives resolution authorities the power to write down certain claims of unsecured creditors 
(including, inter alia, the Senior Preferred Note, the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated 
Notes) of a failing institution and to convert certain unsecured debt claims (including, inter alia, the Senior 
Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes) to equity (the "General Bail-in 
Tool"), which equity could also be subject to any future application of the General Bail-in Tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and exhausted the above 
resolution tools (including the bail-in tool) to the maximum extent possible whilst maintaining financial stability, 
to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilisation tools. These

--- Page 192 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 184 - 
47-41082286 
 
consist of the public entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary financial 
support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework and the BRRD. 
An institution will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, in 
breach of its requirements for continuing authorisation; (ii) its assets are, or are likely in the near future to be, less 
than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to pay its debts or other liabilities as they 
fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited circumstances). 
In addition to the General Bail-in Tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further power to 
permanently write-down or convert into equity Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments (such as the Subordinated 
Notes) at the point of non-viability and before (or simultaneously), any other resolution action is taken ("Non-
Viability Loss Absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon any such statutory 
conversion into equity may also be subject to any application of the General Bail-in Tool, which may result in 
cancellation or dilution of the shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any Non-Viability Loss 
Absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant authority 
determines that the institution or, under certain circumstances, the group meets the conditions for resolution (but 
no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no longer 
be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written-down or converted or extraordinary public support is 
to be provided and without such support the appropriate authority determines that the institution or, under certain 
conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on the Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any 
priority given to other creditors such as depositors. Therefore, also in a non-bankruptcy scenario, in case of 
application of the bail-in tool, the Senior Preferred Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes 
might be written down to zero, or converted to equity, without the prior consent of the relevant Noteholders. 
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy 
(the "BRRD Implementing Decrees") were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, 
while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Implementing 
Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 
2016; and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme 
and those of individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are 
subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD. 
In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the General 
Bail-In Tool, and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the resolution authority may partially or fully 
exclude certain further liabilities from the application of the General Bail-In Tool, the BRRD specifically 
contemplates that pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of Senior Notes 
and Subordinated Notes may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application of the General Bail-In Tool 
while other Series of Senior Notes or, as appropriate, Subordinated Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu 
ranking liabilities) are partially or fully excluded from such application of the General Bail-In Tool. Further, 
although the BRRD provides a safeguard in respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution 
tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as 
appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have 
incurred in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. It is therefore possible not only that, in 
circumstances in which Senior Notes or Subordinated Notes have been partially or fully written-down/converted 
into equity capital instruments on an application of the General Bail-In Tool, the claims of other holders of junior 
or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded from the application of the General Bail-In Tool and therefore 
the holders of such claims may receive a treatment which is more favourable than that received by holders of the 
relevant Notes, but also that the safeguard referred to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment 
compared to the holders of such fully or partially excluded claims because the safeguard is not intended to address 
such possible unequal treatment but rather to ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a

--- Page 193 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 185 - 
47-41082286 
 
bail-in (or other application of a resolution tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that 
deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal 
insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-
preferred creditors, such as holders of Senior Notes. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, 
including Italy, from amending national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in 
insolvency higher than ordinary, unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has 
amended the bail-in creditor hierarchy in the case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to resolution, 
by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme 
and excess deposits of individuals and small and medium sized enterprises benefit from a preference in respect of 
senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for individual and small and 
medium sized enterprises deposits exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. This means that, 
as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large corporate and interbank deposits 
which rank pari passu with Senior Preferred Notes under the national insolvency regime currently in force in 
Italy, will rank higher than Senior Preferred Notes in normal insolvency proceedings. Therefore, on application 
of the General Bail-In Tool, such creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital instruments only 
after Senior Preferred Notes. The safeguard set out in Article 75 of the BRRD (referred to above) would not 
provide any protection since, as noted above, Article 75 of the BRRD only seeks to achieve compensation for 
losses incurred by creditors which are in excess of those which would have been incurred in a winding-up under 
normal insolvency proceedings. 
On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") entered into force. The BRRD Amending 
Directive requires Member States to create a new class of the so-called "senior non-preferred" debt instruments 
which would rank just below the most senior debt and other senior liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while 
still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible 
to meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will 
only apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian 
Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing provisions pertaining to "non-preferred" senior debt 
instruments. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off which are normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the 
absence of an express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and, in circumstances where the waiver is selected (as applicable in the relevant Final Terms), the Senior 
Preferred Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar 
remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Senior Notes or 
Subordinated Notes, it is clear that the statutory right of set- off available under Italian insolvency laws will 
likewise not apply. 
The amendments introduced to the BRRD by the BRRD Amending Directive create a new category of unsecured 
debt in bank creditors' insolvency ranking. It establishes an EU harmonised approach on the priority ranking of 
bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution. The agreement on the harmonised rules on the priority ranking 
of bank bondholders in insolvency and in resolution facilitates a more efficient path towards banks' compliance 
with the TLAC standard (for G- SIBs) that should apply from 2019 onwards, as agreed in the Financial Stability 
Forum. In addition, by providing greater legal certainty for both issuers and investors and reducing the risk of 
legal challenges, these harmonised rules will facilitate the application of the bail-in tool in resolution. 
Legislative Decree No. 30 of 15 February 2016 (largely in force as of 9 March 2016) implemented in Italy the 
revised Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive in Italy (the "Decree No. 30"). The Decree amends the Consolidated 
Banking Act and: (i) establishes that the maximum deposit guaranteed amount is € 100,000, which has been 
harmonised by the Deposit Guarantee Schemes Directive ("DGSD") and is applicable to all deposit guarantee 
schemes; (ii) lays down the minimum financial budget that national guarantee schemes should have; (iii) details 
intervention methods of the national deposit guarantee schemes; and (iv) harmonises the methods of 
reimbursement to depositors in case of insolvency of a credit institution. 
The BRRD also requires institutions to meet, at all times, robust minimum requirements of own funds and 
liabilities eligible for bail-in expressed as a percentage of the total liabilities and own funds of the institution (i.e. 
"Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" - MREL). MREL represents one of the key tools 
to improve banks' resolvability, allowing resolution authorities to maintain critical functions and restore a bank's

--- Page 194 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 186 - 
47-41082286 
 
capital position after resolution. This MREL requirement should ensure that shareholders and creditors bear losses 
regardless of which resolution tool is applied. The resolution authority, after consulting with the relevant 
competent authority, will set the MREL for the relevant institution based on the assessment criteria identified by 
the EBA in its regulatory technical standards (RTS), pursuant to Article 45. Article 7(1) of EBA final RTS on 
criteria for determining MREL requires resolution authorities to ensure that MREL is sufficient to allow the write 
down or conversion of an amount of own funds and qualifying eligible liabilities at least equal to the sum of the 
loss absorption amount and the recapitalisation amount, subject to certain considerations. The resolution authority 
has discretion to allow BRRD institutions to meet part of their MREL obligations through "contractual bail-in 
instruments". The BRRD does not foresee an absolute minimum, but attributes the competence to set a minimum 
amount for each bank to national resolution authorities (for banks not being part of the Banking Union) or to the 
Single Resolution Board (the "SRB") for banks being part of the Banking Union. The EBA has issued final draft 
regulatory technical standards which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the SRB shall calculate 
MREL, as further implemented by European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2016/1450, see below. 
On 23 May 2016, the European Commission adopted Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2016/1450 
supplementing BRRD that specifies the criteria, which further define the way in which resolution authorities/the 
SRB shall calculate MREL, as described in Article 45(6) of the BRRD, which entered into force on 23 September 
2016. Article 8 of the aforementioned regulation provides that resolution authorities may determine an appropriate 
transitional period for the purposes of meeting the full MREL requirement. On 19 July 2016, the EBA launched a 
public consultation on its interim report on the implementation and design of the MREL. On 23 November 2016, 
the European Commission presented the EU Banking Reform, which introduces a number of proposed 
amendments to the BRRD. In particular, it was proposed that the MREL – which should be expressed as a 
percentage of the total risk exposure amount and of the leverage ratio exposure measure of the relevant institution 
– should be determined by the resolution authorities at an amount to allow banks to absorb losses expected in 
resolution and recapitalise the bank post-resolution. In addition, it was proposed that resolution authorities may 
require institutions to meet higher levels of MREL in order to cover losses in resolution that are higher than those 
expected under a standard resolution scenario and to ensure a sufficient market confidence in the entity post-
resolution. It is currently envisaged that in the event of any shortfall of complying with the MREL requirement 
the competent resolution authority shall have the power to prohibit the institution from distributing more than the 
maximum distributable amount related to the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (so-
called "M- MDA"). 
For banks which are not included in the list of G-SIBs, liabilities that satisfy the requirements set forth in the EU 
Banking Reform and do not qualify as CET1, Tier 1 or Tier 2 instruments, shall qualify as eligible liabilities for 
the purpose of MREL, unless they fall into any of the categories of excluded liabilities. The SRB, together with 
the national resolution authorities ("NRAs"), started to develop its MREL approach in 2016. The preliminary 
approach consisted of informative targets that sought to enable banks to prepare for their future MREL 
requirements. The SRB is further enhancing its gradual MREL multi-year policy, and in 2017 introduced binding 
requirements and started to address both quantity and quality of MREL with bank specific features. During 2017, 
the SRB developed its MREL policy, starting to develop binding targets for major banking groups. Considering 
the need to address the specificities of the most complex groups in more detail, the SRB split the 2018 resolution 
planning cycle in two waves. The first started in January 2018 to allow the banks that did not have binding targets 
– for instance those with no presence outside the Banking Union – to be addressed first based on an MREL policy 
largely following the 2017 approach and published on 20 November 2018. For the second wave of resolution 
plans, covering the most complex banks, an enhanced MREL policy was published on 16 January 2019. 
In June 2019 the SRB published an update to its 2018 MREL policy in light of the publication of the Banking 
Package (CRR-II/CRD-V/BRRD-II/SRMR-II) in the Official Journal of the EU on 7 June 2019. This was 
followed by an overall updated MREL Policy under the Banking Package (BRRD-II/SRMR-II) published on 20 
May 2020, which covers: (a) MREL requirements for Global Systemically Important institutions (G SIIs); (b) 
changes to the calibration of MREL, including introducing MREL based on the leverage ratio; (c) changes to the 
quality of MREL (subordination); (d) dedicated rules for certain business models, such as cooperatives, and for 
resolution strategies, such as multiple point of entry (MPE); (e) Provisions on internal MREL; (f) Clarifications 
on third-country issuances; and (g) how these changes will be phased in. 
MREL decisions implementing the new framework were based on the MREL Policy under the Banking Package 
in the 2020 resolution planning cycle. The decisions were communicated to institutions in the beginning of 2021. 
These decisions replaced those issued under the previous legal framework. Each new decision sets out two binding 
MREL targets, including those for subordination: the binding intermediate target to be met by 1 January 2022 and 
the fully calibrated MREL (final target) to be met by 1 January 2024.

--- Page 195 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 187 - 
47-41082286 
 
On 7 June 2019, as part of the contemplated amendments to the BRRD, Single Resolution Mechanism and Single 
Resolution Fund Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014, Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms ("CRR") 
and Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity 
of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms ("CRD IV"), the 
following legislative texts have been published in the EU's Official Journal: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (the "CRD V" and, together with BRRD II, SRM II Regulation, CRR II, the "BRRD II reforms"); 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, 
exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, 
and Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("CRR II"); 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 with regards to the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms ("SRM II Regulation"). 
The BRRD II reforms introduced, among other things, the Total Loss-absorbing Capacity Term Sheet (the "TLAC 
standard") as implemented by the Financial Stability Board, by adapting the existing BRRD regime relating to 
the specific MREL. 
The new MREL regime is aligned with TLAC standard requirements in terms of calculation of loss absorption 
and recapitalisation amount. The eligible liabilities under MREL are determined according to the provisions 
concerning the eligible liabilities under TLAC standard. This requirement may therefore have an impact on the 
financial performance of the BPER Group. 
Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in an early stage 
and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. Any suspension 
of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance of agreements 
(including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The exercise of 
any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the holders of 
securities issued by the BPER Group, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the ability 
of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a 
new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM III"), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes ("DGSD II"). This public 
consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general 
objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current 
Covid-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, 
liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonisation of creditor hierarchy 
in the EU and impact on the 'no creditor worse off' principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals 
for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission 
launched a general public consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
In addition, on 30 November 2021, Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 (the "193 Decree") 
implementing the BRRD II was published in the Gazzetta Ufficiale and entered into force on 1 December 2021. 
The 193 Decree introduces point c-ter) under Article 91 paragraph 1-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Act 
transposing Article 48(7) of the BRRD II. 
The amended Article 91 of the Consolidated Banking Act provides for the following ranking: 
• 
subordinated instruments which do not qualify (and no part thereof is recognized) as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri) shall rank senior to own funds items (including any instruments only partly

--- Page 196 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 188 - 
47-41082286 
 
recognized as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri)) and junior to senior non-preferred instruments 
(strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello); 
• 
if instruments which qualified in whole or in part as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) cease, in 
their entirety, to be classified as such, they will rank senior to own fund items (elementi di fondi propri) 
but junior to senior non- preferred instruments. The provisions also apply to instruments issued before the 
193 Decree came into effect (1 December 2021). 
In 2021, the Commission launched two consultations: a targeted and a public consultation to seek stakeholder 
feedback on how the crisis management and deposit insurance framework (“CMDI”) was applied and views on 
possible modifications.  
On 18 April 2023, the European Commission adopted a legislative package to reform the CMDI. The package 
consists of four legislative proposals to amend the BRRD, the DGSD and the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 
(Single Resolution Mechanism Regulation or SRMR).  
On 19 June 2024, the European Council approved a negotiating mandate for the revision of the CMDI.  
In this context, Directive (EU) 2024/1174 - published in the Official Journal of the European Union on 22 April 
2024 - was adopted, containing certain amendments to the BRRD and the SRMR aimed at outlining the conditions 
for the treatment of domestic MREL. 
BPER Group's continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and 
on its assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions 
in which BPER Group participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require the Group to comply with 
new legal requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time, moreover, such adaptation 
may lead to the Issuer incurring in additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation or renovation of 
the characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures and/or distribution 
mechanisms or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a 
negative impact on the Group's business, performance and/or financial condition. 
Single Resolution Mechanism 
On 19 August 2014, the Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 establishing a Single Resolution Mechanism (the "SRM" 
and "SRM Regulation", respectively) entered into force. 
The SRM is operational as from 1 January 2016. There are, however, certain provisions including those concerning 
the preparation of resolution plans and provisions relating to the cooperation of the SRB ("Board") with national 
resolution authorities, which entered into force on 1 January 2015. 
The SRM Regulation, which complements the SSM, applies to all banks supervised by the SSM. It mainly consists 
of the Board and a Single Resolution Fund (the "Fund"). 
A centralised decision-making process has been built around the Board and involves the European Commission 
and the Council of the European Union – which has the possibility to object to Board decisions – as well as the 
ECB and the national resolution authorities. 
The Fund, which backs the SRM Regulation decisions mainly taken by the Board, is divided into national 
compartments during an eight years transitional period, as set out by an intergovernmental agreement. In 2015 
banks started to pay contributions to national resolution funds that are gradually transferred into the Fund starting 
from 2016 (and are additional to the contributions to the national deposit guarantee schemes). 
The Fund has reached the target level of at least 1 per cent. of the amount of covered deposits of all credit 
institutions within the Banking Union by 31 December 2023. The Fund shall not be used to absorb the losses of 
an institution or to recapitalise an institution. 
This framework should be able to ensure that, instead of national resolution authorities, there is a single authority 
–the Board –, which takes all relevant decisions for the resolution of banks being supervised by the SSM and part 
of the Banking Union. 
There are other benefits that will derive from the Banking Union. Such benefits are aimed at (a) breaking the 
negative feedback loop between banks and their sovereigns; (b) providing a solution to home-host conflicts in 
resolution; and (c) giving a competitive advantage to the banks in the Banking Union vis-à-vis non-Banking Union 
ones, due to the availability of a larger resolution fund.

--- Page 197 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 189 - 
47-41082286 
 
The manner in which the SRM will operate is still evolving, so there remains some uncertainty as to how the SRM 
will affect the Group. 
CRD and CRR  
On 27 June 2019, the European Commission issued Directive 2019/878/EU (CRD V) and Regulation 
2019/876/EU (CRR II), respectively amending CRD and CRR. The CRD V Directive has been applied since 29 
June 2020 and CRR II has been applied since 28 June 2021. 
Among other measures, Article 133 of CRD V grants national Authorities with the power to introduce a systemic 
risk buffer (“SyRB”) of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to prevent and mitigate systemic risk not covered by 
macroprudential tools. 
In this regard, following a public consultation, on 26 April 2024 the Bank of Italy issued a press release (Activation 
of the Systemic Risk Buffer) pursuant to which the Bank of Italy decided – in accordance with Article 133 of 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 (CRD V) - to apply a systemic risk buffer of 1.0 per cent of exposures towards Italian 
residents weighted for credit and counterparty credit risks. The SyRB applies to all banks and banking groups 
authorised to carry out banking activities in Italy. Furthermore, the Bank of Italy mandates that the target rate of 
1.0 per cent is to be achieved gradually by setting aside a reserve of 0.5 per cent of material exposures by 31 
December 2024 and the remaining 0.5 per cent by 30 June 2025. The SyRB has to be applied at both the 
consolidated and the individual level. 
On 27 October 2021, the Commission’s proposal was published, which transposes into the CRR (CRRIII) and 
CRD (CRD VI and jointly with the CRR III the “Banking Reform Package”) the standards approved by the 
Basel Committee at the end of 2017, with specific reference to the treatment of the main risks (credit, market and 
operational) and the so-called “output floor”. 
The Banking Reform Package has been adopted with the publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 (“CRR III”) 
and EU Directive 2024/1619 (“CRD VI”) which entered into force on 9 July 2024.  
CRD VI aims at the harmonisation of minimum requirements applicable to the authorisation of branches of third-
country banks and the supervision of their activities in the EU and at enhancing banks' management of 
Environmental, Social and Governance risks. Member States shall adopt and publish, by 10 January 2026, the 
laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary to comply with CRD VI and shall apply those measures 
from 11 January 2026 (with some exceptions).  
CRR III shall apply from 1st January 2025 (with some exceptions). Among the others, this Regulation has 
introduced a lower limit to the risk-based capital requirements calculated using internal models (‘output floor’), 
that is equal to a percentage (72.5%) of the capital requirements that would apply if standardised approaches were 
used, considering a transitional period as well. In relation to the use of the Standardised approach for credit risk, 
CRR III envisages a more granular risk weight treatment of different exposures, such as: exposures to institutions, 
exposures to corporates, specialised lending exposures, retail exposures, exposures secured by real estate, 
subordinated debt exposures, equity exposures and defaulted exposures.

--- Page 198 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 190 - 
47-41082286 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus and 
are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which 
may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal 
with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities 
or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
The following description does not discuss the treatment of the Notes that are held in connection with a permanent 
establishment or fixed base through which a non-Italian resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs 
professional services in Italy. 
This overview assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is structured and 
conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer's organisational 
structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may invalidate this overview. This overview 
also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm's length. 
Where in this overview, English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts 
under Italian tax law. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if 
such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree 239") sets out the applicable 
regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between the 
redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") deriving from notes 
falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. For these purposes, securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) 
are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation of the issuer to pay at maturity an amount not lower 
than their nominal value, with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were 
issued, nor to control the same. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments (strumenti finanziari rilevanti in materia di adeguatezza patrimoniale) complying with EU 
and Italian regulatory principles, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other than shares and assimilated instruments. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership pursuant to Article 5 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, 
as amended and supplemented ("Decree 917") (with the exception of general partnership, limited 
partnerships qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and similar 
entities); 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public entity other than undertakings for collective investments, or a trust 
not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial activities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
(unless the investor has opted for the application of the asset management regime ("regime del risparmio gestito") 
- see under "Capital gains tax" below for an analysis of such regime),

--- Page 199 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 191 - 
47-41082286 
 
Interest relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred 
to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26 per cent., either when Interest is paid by the Issuer or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the Notes. In the event that the Noteholders described 
under paragraph (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, 
the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant Interest related to the Notes must be included 
in their relevant income tax return. As a consequence, such Interest will be subject to ordinary income tax and the 
imposta sostitutiva may be deducted from the taxation on income due or be claimed for refund in the relevant tax 
return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on Interest relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited partnerships 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private and public institutions, 
carrying out commercial activities and holding the Notes in connection with this kind of activities) or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are 
deposited in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, with an authorised intermediary, Interest 
from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (IRES) plus, in case 
of banks and certain financial institutions (other than asset management companies and Italian società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) an IRES surtax of 3.5 per cent and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" 
of the Noteholder, also to "IRAP" (the regional tax on productive activities). If the Noteholder is a commercial 
partnership, Interest from the Notes are instead attributed and subject to taxation in the hands of the partners 
according to the tax transparency principle. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, the imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare (so-
called "SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio, stockbrokers and other qualified entities, 
identified by a decree of the Ministry for Economy and Finance, which are resident in Italy ("Intermediaries" 
and each an "Intermediary") or by permanent establishments in Italy of banks or intermediaries resident outside 
Italy or by organizations or companies non-resident in Italy, acting through a system of centralized administration 
of securities and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry for Economy and Finance 
(which includes Euroclear and Clearstream) having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 
239. For the purposes of applying imposta sostitutiva, Intermediaries or permanent establishments in Italy of 
foreign intermediaries are required to act in connection with the collection of Interest or, in the transfer or disposal 
of the Notes, including in their capacity as transferees. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a 
change in ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change in the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by any 
Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the issuer. 
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than a real estate 
fund), a SICAV (an investment company with variable capital), or a SICAF (investment company with fixed 
capital) other than a Real Estate SICAF (as defined below) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF 
or the SICAV or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the "Fund"), and the 
Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund. They must, however, be 
included in the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund will not be subject 
to taxation on such result, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent may apply to income of the Fund derived by 
unitholders or shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares. 
Interest accrued on the Notes and received by Italian real estate funds (established pursuant to Article 37 of the 
Financial Services Act or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994) or a SICAF to which the 
provisions of Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, as subsequently amended, apply ("Real Estate 
SICAF"), is subject neither to substitute tax nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate fund or 
Real Estate SICAF, provided that the Notes, together with the relevant coupons, are timely deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on

--- Page 200 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 192 - 
47-41082286 
 
the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation 
in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited in due time, together with the 
coupons relating to such Notes, with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during 
the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth 
by Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy 
and listed in Italian Ministerial Decree 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented (the "White 
List"); or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered 
into force in Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which allows 
for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent, or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, subject to timely filing of required documentation provided by Decree of the 
Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of 10 July 2013) to Interest paid to non-Italian Noteholders 
who do not qualify for the exemption or do not timely and properly comply with set requirements. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected must: 
(a) 
be the beneficial owners of the payments of Interest on the Notes or foreign institutional investors not 
subject to taxation; 
(b) 
timely deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes (together with the coupons relating to such Notes) with: 
(i) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or 
financial institution to be EU resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as intermediary in the 
deposit of the Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank 
(as defined below); or with  
(ii) 
a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or 
SIM acting as depositary or sub depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct 
relationships, via telematics link, with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry for Economy 
and Finance (the "Second Level Bank"). Non-Italian resident entities or companies 
participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via computer, 
with the Ministry for Economy and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream), can 
qualify as Second Level Banks, provided that they appoint an Italian representative for the 
purposes of the application of Decree 239. In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder 
deposits the Notes directly with a Second Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First 
Level Bank and a Second Level Bank; and 
(c) 
file with the relevant depository, in due time, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid 
until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be the beneficial owner of any Interest 
on the Notes and to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. This 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with

--- Page 201 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 193 - 
47-41082286 
 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks 
or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. The 
statement does not need to be submitted if a certificate, declaration or other similar document for the 
same or equivalent purposes was previously submitted to the same depository. 
Specific requirements are provided for institutional investors. 
For non-Italian resident Noteholders, Interest from Notes may be subject to the reduced withholding tax rate 
provided for by the applicable tax treaty with Italy, provided that the Noteholders are entitled to benefit from the 
treaty and subject to the fulfilment of certain procedural requirements. 
Atypical securities 
Interest, premium and other income payments relating to Notes that, from a tax perspective, are not deemed to 
fall within neither the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni), nor in the category of shares and assimilated instruments, would qualify as atypical securities and, 
as a consequence, such Notes may fall out of the scope of Decree 239 and may be subject to a withholding tax, 
levied at the rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. For this purpose, 
debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an 
amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give any 
right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to which 
the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
For Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and subject to the regime provided for atypical securities, where the 
Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
the withholding tax is a provisional tax. In all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, 
the withholding tax is a final tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from any income taxation, including the 26 per cent withholding tax, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes qualifying as atypical securities if such Notes are included in a long-term savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set 
forth by Italian law. 
In case of a non-Italian resident Noteholder without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
effectively connected, the above mentioned withholding tax rate may be reduced (generally to 10 per cent.) or 
eliminated under certain applicable tax treaties entered into by Italy, subject to timely filing of the required 
documentation. 
Capital gains tax 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the production 
for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent 
establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected), a commercial partnership or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.

--- Page 202 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 194 - 
47-41082286 
 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership), or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital 
gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to a 26 per cent capital 
gains tax ("imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze"). Noteholders may set off any losses with their gains, subject to 
certain conditions. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes 
described below: 
(a) 
Under the tax declaration regime ("regime della dichiarazione"), which is the default regime for Italian 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a 
cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) realised by the investor. In this 
instance, "capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant 
to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital 
gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay 
the imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital 
losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four 
succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders from (i) to (iii), may elect to 
pay under the administrative savings regime ("regime del risparmio amministrato") the imposta 
sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes. 
Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries 
(including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries); and 
(ii) 
an express election for the administrative savings regime being timely made in writing by the 
relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze in respect of capital gains realised on 
each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss. 
The depository must also pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting 
a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the 
Noteholder for this purpose. Under the administrative savings regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, such capital loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the 
same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
administrative savings regime, the Noteholder is not required to report the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
In the asset management regime ("regime del risparmio gestito"), any capital gain realised by Italian resident 
Noteholders from (i) to (iii) above, who have entrusted the management of their financial assets (including the 
Notes) to an authorised intermediary, will be included, together with Interest relating to such Notes, in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject 
to a 26 per cent substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at the year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised 
in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, on capital gains realised upon 
sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder that is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be 
included in the result of the portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund will not be subject to taxation 
on such results, but a withholding tax of 26 per cent may apply on income of the Fund derived by unitholders or 
shareholders through distribution and/or redemption or disposal of the units and shares.

--- Page 203 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 195 - 
47-41082286 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate fund (complying with the definition as 
amended pursuant to Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010) or a Real 
Estate SICAF is subject neither to imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze nor to any other income tax in the hands 
of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders, as well as redemptions of units/shares, will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding 
tax of 26 per cent. subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the real estate fund or Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation in the hands of the 
unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable 
as set forth by Italian law. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded 
on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, nor to any other Italian income 
tax. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with the authorised 
financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the Noteholder is not resident in 
Italy for tax purposes and has no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets issued by 
an Italian resident issuer may in certain circumstances be taxable in Italy. However, capital gains realised by non-
Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva sulle plusvalenze, provided that the effective beneficiary is: (i) resident in a country which allows for 
a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List; (ii) an international entity or body 
set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; (iii) a Central Bank or 
an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an "institutional investor", 
whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with Italy, as listed in the White List, even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. 
In such cases, in order to benefit from the exemption from Italian taxation on capital gains, non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who hold the Notes with an Italian authorised financial intermediary and elect to be subject to the 
asset management regime or are subject to the administrative savings regime, may be required to produce in due 
time to the Italian authorised financial intermediary an appropriate self-declaration stating that they meet the 
subjective requirements indicated above. Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident 
Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of 
Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets, are subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
at the current rate of 26 per cent. However, Noteholders that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy 
providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of 
tax residence of the recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon 
the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer, provided that the Noteholders are eligible to 
benefit from such treaties. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
The transfer of Notes by reason of gift or succession is subject to Italian gift and inheritance tax as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000;

--- Page 204 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 196 - 
47-41082286 
 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers 
in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the heir/heiress and/or the donee is a person with a severe disability pursuant to Law No. 104 of February 5, 
1992, inheritance tax or gift tax is applied at the rate mentioned above in paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) to the extent 
that the value of the inheritance or gift exceeds €1,500,000. 
With respect to Notes listed on a regulated market, the value for inheritance and gift tax purposes is the average 
stock exchange price of the last quarter preceding the date of the succession or of the gift (including any accrued 
interest). With respect to unlisted Notes, the value for inheritance tax and gift tax purposes is generally determined 
by reference to the value of listed debt securities having similar features or based on certain elements as presented 
in the Italian tax law. 
Italian inheritance tax and gift tax applies to non-Italian resident individuals for bonds issued by Italian resident 
companies. 
Pursuant to Article 6 Law no. 112/2016 ("Legge sul Dopo di Noi") as amended by Article 89, paragraph 8, 
Legislative Decree 3 July 2017, no. 117 as amended, subject to certain conditions, assets or other rights (a) 
contributed to a trust, or (b) subject to a scope restriction ex article 2645-ter Italian Civil Code, or (c) contributed 
to a special fund ruled by contratto di affidamento fiduciario, in favor of persons with severe disabilities, are 
exempt from inheritance and gift tax. Upon the death of the person with severe disabilities, inheritance and gift 
tax will be due by the last beneficiary of the transfer, to be specifically identified within the deed. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a 
lungo termine) - that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law - is exempt 
from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a €200 registration tax as follows: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of €200; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax only in the case of voluntary registration or in case of so-called "caso d'uso" or "enunciazione". 
Stamp Duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972 ("Decree 642"), 
as subsequently amended, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting 
communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients in respect of any financial product and instrument, 
which may be deposited with such financial intermediary in Italy. The stamp duty applies at the rate of 0.20 per 
cent and it cannot exceed € 14,000 for taxpayers which are not individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the 
fair market value or – in the absence of a market value – on the nominal value or the redemption amount of any 
financial product or financial instruments (including the Notes), or in the case the nominal or redemption values 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held, as inferable from the intermediary's records. 
Stamp duty applies both to Italian resident Noteholders and to non-Italian resident Noteholders, to the extent that 
the Notes are held with an Italian-based financial intermediary. 
The statement is deemed to be sent at least once a year, even for instruments for which is not mandatory nor the 
deposit nor the release nor the drafting of the statement. In case of reporting periods less than 12 months, the 
stamp duty is payable on a pro-rata basis. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry for Economy and 
Finance on 24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations 
issued by the Bank of Italy on 9 February 2011, as subsequently amended, supplemented and restated) of an entity 
that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.

--- Page 205 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 197 - 
47-41082286 
 
Wealth tax on financial assets deposited abroad 
According to Article 19 of Law Decree No. 201 of December 6, 2011, converted with Law No. 214 of 22 
December 2011, as amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non- commercial entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 917) holding the 
Notes outside the Italian territory without the involvement of an Italian financial intermediary are required to pay 
an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of 0.40 
per cent if the Notes are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999, pursuant to 
the provisions of Law No. 213/2023) (IVAFE), which is determined in proportion to the period of ownership and 
cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals. In this case the above mentioned stamp duty provided 
for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does not apply. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure 
is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be 
determined, on the purchase price of any financial assets held outside the Italian territory by Italian resident 
individuals. If the financial products are no longer held on December 31 of the relevant year, reference is made to 
the value in the period of ownership. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of 
wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due). 
Financial assets held abroad are excluded from the scope of the wealth tax if they are administered by Italian 
financial intermediaries pursuant to an administration agreement. In this case, the above mentioned stamp duty 
provided for by Article 13 of the tariff attached to Decree 642 does apply. 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as amended from 
time to time, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar 
partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree 917) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have 
financial activities abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the for tax monitoring purposes the amount of 
the aforesaid investments and financial activities to the Italian tax authorities in their yearly income tax return (or, 
in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for 
the income tax return), regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits or bank accounts having an 
aggregate value not exceeding a € 15,000 threshold throughout the year, which per se do not require such 
disclosure). This requirement applies even if the taxpayer during the tax period has totally divested such assets. 
The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the financial instruments, 
are the beneficial owner of the instrument pursuant to the anti money-laundering legislation (legislative Decree 
No. 231 of 21 November 2007). 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not to be complied with in respect of Notes deposited for 
management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, or with respect to contracts entered 
into through their intervention, on the condition that the cash flows and the items of income derived from the 
Notes have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
Italian financial transaction tax (so-called "Tobin Tax") 
Article 1, paragraphs from 491 to 500, of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, as implemented by Ministerial 
Decree 21 February 2013, as amended and supplemented, (the "IFTT Decree"), introduced a tax on financial 
transactions that applies to (i) the transfer of ownership in shares issued by companies having their registered 
office ("sede legale") located in Italy (the "Chargeable Equity"); and (ii) transactions in derivative financial 
instruments over Chargeable Equity, and (iii) transactions in transferable securities giving the right to acquire or 
sell mainly one or more Chargeable Equity, or giving rise to a cash settlement determined mainly by reference to 
one or more Chargeable Equity, and (iv) high frequency trading transactions, carried out on the Italian financial 
market, relating to shares, equity instruments, transferable securities sub (ii) (regardless of their issuer) and 
derivative financial instruments sub (iii) (regardless of their issuer). 
Transactions related to financial instruments (other than shares and assimilated instruments pursuant to Article 44 
of Decree No. 917), issued by Italian supervised banks, that qualify as bonds or are eligible as Additional Tier 1 
Capital at the level of the issuer, under EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations in effect, since the Issue 
Date, such as the Notes, are excluded from IFTT pursuant to art. 15(1)(b-bis) of the IFTT Decree.

--- Page 206 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 198 - 
47-41082286 
 
OECD automatic exchange of information in Italy 
The EU Savings Directive adopted on 3 June 2003, by the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (as 
subsequently amended) on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments has been repealed from 1 
January 2016 to prevent overlap between the Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of information 
regime implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
(as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") to address the issue of offshore 
tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximizing efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the 
CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information. 
Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Italy has enacted Italian Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015 ("Law 95/2015") and the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
28 December 2015, as amended and supplemented, implementing the CRS (and the amended EU Directive on 
Administrative Cooperation), which has entered into force on 1 January 2016, implemented Law 95/2015 and 
provides for the exchange of information in relation to the calendar year 2016 and later. 
In the event that the Noteholder holds the Notes through an Italian financial institution (as meant in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015, as amended and supplemented, implementing Law 95/2015), they may 
be required to provide additional information to such financial institution to enable it to satisfy its obligations 
under the Italian implementation of the CRS. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has later ceased to participate. 
The Commission's Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is established or deemed to be established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 207 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 199 - 
47-41082286 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated on or around 8 November 2024 (as the same 
may be further amended, supplemented or restated, the "Dealer Agreement") agreed with the Issuer a basis upon 
which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to 
those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes in Global Form" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes" above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to 
reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the update to the Programme and the issue 
of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in 
connection therewith.  
The Dealers entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their obligations under the Dealer 
Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the relevant Notes, including in the event that certain conditions 
precedent are not delivered or met to their satisfaction on the relevant issue date. In this situation, the issuance of 
the relevant Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or Dealers in respect of 
any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any State or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented warranted and agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not 
offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of 
their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed that 
it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or 
other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European 
Economic Area ("EEA"). For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II");  
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the 
"Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended and superseded, the 
"Prospectus Regulation"); and

--- Page 208 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 200 - 
47-41082286 
 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a "Relevant State"), each 
Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any 
"Relevant State" means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, 
and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom ("UK"). For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one 
(or more) of the following: 
(a) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or 
(b) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the 
"FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not 
Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to 
the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA,

--- Page 209 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 201 - 
47-41082286 
 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes, and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per la Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control 
and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution to copies to this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Consolidated Banking Act, the Consolidated Finance Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (in each case, as amended from time to time) and 
any other applicable law and regulation; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Consolidated Banking Act, as amended from time to time, pursuant 
to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic 
of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy issued on 25 August 2015 (as 
amended on 10 August 2016 and on 2 November 2020); and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable law, regulation, and requirement imposed by the CONSOB 
and/or another Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it 
has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan 
or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in 
Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or 
indirectly, Notes in France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of 
the French Code monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will only distribute or cause to be distributed, in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, any 
Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that the Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act ("FinSA") and no application has been or will be made to admit the 
Notes to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus or a similar 
communication as such terms are understood pursuant to Articles 35 et seqq. and Article 69 of the FinSA. Neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.

--- Page 210 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 202 - 
47-41082286 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the offering, the Issuer or the 
Notes have been or will be filed with or approved by any Swiss regulatory authority. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus will not be filed with, and the offer of Notes will not be supervised by, the Swiss Financial Market 
Supervisory Authority FINMA. Neither the Notes nor the offering have been, nor will they be, authorized under 
the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes ("CISA"). Accordingly, the investor protection afforded 
to acquirers of interests in collective investment schemes under the CISA does not extend to acquirers of the 
Notes. 
Canada 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. 
Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, 
the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories 
of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including 
any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are 
exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province 
or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's 
province or territory for particulars of these rights or consult with a legal advisor. 
If applicable, pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a 
non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the 
Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts 
of interest in connection with this offering. 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered or sold any 
Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer 
or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has 
not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) 
pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA or (ii) to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant 
to and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has complied and will, to the best of its knowledge and 
belief, comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it 
purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or 
possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in this paragraph headed "General". 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the applicable Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 211 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 203 - 
47-41082286 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 25 March 2002. The update of the Programme and the relevant increase of the amount from Euro 
6,000,000,000 to Euro 10,000,000,000 were authorised by a resolution of the Board of Directors of the Issuer 
dated 9 October 2024. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals 
and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Listing on the Official List and Admission to Trading of Notes on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be admitted to listing on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange regulated 
market and/or quotation by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other listing authority, market, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system or which will be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such listing authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, electronic copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available free of charge in English from the Issuer (at the following website 
https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/home) and from the Paying Agents in London, Luxembourg and Modena: 
(i) 
the constitutional documents (in English) of the Issuer; 
(ii) 
the Agency Agreement for the Notes in Global Form, the forms of the Temporary Global Notes, the 
Permanent Global Notes, the Definitive Notes, the Vouchers, the Coupons and the Talons; 
(iii) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(iv) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, base prospectuses, supplements, Final Terms (save that a Final 
Terms relating to an unlisted Note will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and such 
holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent as to the identity of such holder) to this 
Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
For 10 years after the date of publication of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will be 
available free of charge in English from the Issuer (i) at the following website https://istituzionale.bper.it/en/home, 
(ii) at the offices specified on page 206 hereof, and (iii) from the specified office of the Paying Agents in London 
and Luxembourg specified on page 206 hereof: 
(i) 
Issuer's Articles of Association (Statuto) as of the date of this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2024; 
(iii) 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated interim report on operations (without a review report) as at 31 March 2024; 
(iv) 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto, the relevant accounting principles and the consolidated non-financial statement pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2023; 
(v) 
Issuer's unaudited consolidated half-year report (including review report) as at 30 June 2023; 
(vi) 
Issuer's consolidated audited annual financial statements, including the auditors' report thereon, notes 
thereto and the relevant accounting principles in respect of the year ended on 31 December 2022; 
(vii) 
Issuer's consolidated Non-Financial Statement pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree 254/2016 in respect 
of the year ended on 31 December 2022 (Sustainability Report 2022); and

--- Page 212 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 204 - 
47-41082286 
 
(viii) BPER Group press release dated 7 November 2024 entitled "Consolidated results as at 30 September 2024". 
This Base Prospectus, all documents incorporated herein by reference and the Final Terms of any Notes listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Issuer currently publishes unaudited semi-annual consolidated financial statements (including review report). 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of loan facilities 
and/or securitisation transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform advisory, financial and/or 
non-financial services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of business the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively 
trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans 
and/or ABS securities or similar securities) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's 
affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish 
or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or 
recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the 
purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes parent companies. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes in Global Form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes in Global Form allocated by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes in Global Form are to clear 
through an additional or alternative clearing system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue J.F. Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will be in 
bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation 
thereof, by Monte Titoli (with registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 
Milan, Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg). The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Material Adverse or Significant Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and its Group since 31 December 2023 
(the last date to which the latest audited published financial information of the Issuer was prepared). 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position or in the financial performance of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole since 30 June 2024 (the end of the last financial period for which a 
review report on operations has been published). 
Material contracts 
There are no material contracts that are not entered into the ordinary course of the Issuer's business, which could 
result in any member of the BPER Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer's 
ability to meet its obligation to security holders in respect of the securities being issued. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months before the

--- Page 213 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 205 - 
47-41082286 
 
date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or has had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial 
position or profitability of the Issuer and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. 
Auditors 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., whose registered office is at Via Santa Sofia, 28, 20122 Milan, Italy, is the current 
auditor of the Issuer and is registered in the Register of Certified Auditors (Registro dei Revisori Legali) held by 
the Ministry for Economy and Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the 
Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 June 2012. Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. is also a member of ASSIREVI – 
Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili. The auditors of Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. have applied a review report 
to the Issuer's half-year report as of 30 June 2024, in accordance with the generally accepted auditing standards 
in Italy. 
Deloitte audited and rendered unqualified audit reports on the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for 
the years ended on, respectively, 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2023. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Moody's, S&P, Fitch and Morningstar DBRS is established in the European Union and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation and is included in the list of registered credit rating agencies published on the website of 
the European Securities and Markets Authority at https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-agencies/cra-
authorisation. 
LEI 
The Issuer's Legal Entity Identifier code is N747OI7JINV7RUUH6190 (expiring on 4 November 2025).

--- Page 214 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 206 - 
47-41082286 
 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Registered Office  
8/20, Via San Carlo  
41121 Modena  
Italy 
ARRANGERS 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16  
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
DEALERS 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street  
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland 
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
8/20, Via San Carlo 
41121 Modena 
Italy 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Reuterweg 16 
60323 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12, 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris 
France 
Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. 
Divisione IMI Corporate & Investment 
Banking 
Via Manzoni, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Nomura Financial Products Europe GmbH 
Rathenauplatz 1 
60313, Frankfurt-am-Main 
Germany 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
UBS Europe SE 
Bockenheimer Landstraβe 2-4 
60306 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Citibank N.A., London Branch  
Citigroup Centre Canada Square 
Canary Wharf  
London E14 5LB  
United Kingdom

--- Page 215 ---
10297260896-v3 
- 207 - 
47-41082286 
 
PAYING AGENT FOR THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
BPER Banca S.p.A. 
Registered Office  
8/20, Via San Carlo  
41121 Modena  
Italy 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arrangers and the Dealers 
As to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Issuer 
As to Italian law 
Chiomenti 
Via Verdi, 4 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg SA 
69, route d'Esch  
L-2953 Luxembourg 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER  
SINCE 1 JANUARY 2017 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. 
Via Santa Sofia 28 
20122 Milan  
Italy